--- Page 1 ---
M-58409406-6 
1 
 
 
 
 
EDR CERTIFIED ORIGIN PHYSICAL GOLD PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
Prospectus for the Issue of Gold Securities 
This Base Prospectus is dated 04 July 2022 
 
The Directors of EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company whose names appear in the 
Directory below accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Directors, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has been 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority thereunder. The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or the quality of the Gold Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of any investment in Gold Securities.  
The Central Bank’s approval relates only to the Gold Securities which are, as at the Prospectus Date, to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, 
(MiFID2) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. To the 
extent required, this Base Prospectus as approved by the Central Bank will be filed with the Companies 
Registration Office in Ireland. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation to the relevant competent authorities in Norway and Germany by providing each of 
them with (amongst other things) certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent 
authorities in other EEA States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such 
EEA States or for admission to trading of all or some Gold Securities on a regulated market therein.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. A copy of this document, which comprises a prospectus relating to 
the Gold Securities of each type in compliance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the

--- Page 2 ---
M-58409406-6 
2 
 
Prospectus Date, has been made available to the public at www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application will be made to the Euronext Dublin for the Gold Securities to be admitted to the Official List and for the 
Gold Securities to be admitted to trading on The Irish Stock Exchange (trading as Euronext Dublin) (Euronext 
Dublin). Admission to the official list of Euronext Dublin are offers made under, and admission to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of, the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer intends to make an application to Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (the Norwegian Stock Exchange) 
for the Gold Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Oslo Børs (main list) as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer intends to make an application to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the German Stock Exchange) for the 
Gold Securities issued under this Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Base Prospectus.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Gold Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Gold Securities have been admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes of MiFID2. 
The circulation of the Prospectus and any Final Terms and the marketing, sale and delivery of Gold Securities may 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer requires all persons who come into possession of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms to inform themselves of and to observe any such applicable restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Gold Securities and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms, see Section 14 – Selling Restrictions. 
The Gold Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
Securities Act), as amended, or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. Except in a 
transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable United States securities 
laws, the Gold Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into 
the United States. See Section 14 – Selling Restrictions for more information.  
 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. and Svelland Capital (UK) Limited  
(the Joint Investment Managers)

--- Page 3 ---
M-58409406-6 
3 
 
Index 
Section 1 – Description of the Programme .................................................................................................................... 4 
Section 2 – Risk Factors .............................................................................................................................................. 14 
Section 3 – Definitions ................................................................................................................................................. 33 
Section 4 – Precious Metal Market Overview .............................................................................................................. 37 
Section 5 – Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................................................... 42 
Section 6 – Description of Documents ......................................................................................................................... 46 
Section 7 – Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................................................................... 52 
Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold Securities ...................................................................... 53 
Section 9 – Security Arrangements ............................................................................................................................. 59 
Section 10 – What is the Purpose of the Final Terms? ................................................................................................ 62 
Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities ............................................................................................... 63 
Section 12 – Tax ........................................................................................................................................................ 110 
Section 13 – Clearing and Settlement ....................................................................................................................... 119 
Section 14 – Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................... 121 
Section 15 – Description of the FX Counterparty ....................................................................................................... 125 
Section 16 – ESG Overview of the Underlying Assets .............................................................................................. 126 
Section 17 – Additional Information ........................................................................................................................... 128 
Section 18 – Index of Defined Terms ......................................................................................................................... 132 
Section 19 – Directory ................................................................................................................................................ 135 
Annex 1 – Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................. 137 
Annex 2 – Frequently Asked Questions. .................................................................................................................... 144

--- Page 4 ---
M-58409406-6 
4 
 
SECTION 1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
A. 
Introduction to the Programme 
Gold Securities are intended to offer investors a means of investing in Gold without the necessity of taking 
physical delivery of or storing Gold. Gold Securities are being made available by the Issuer for Subscription 
only to Authorised Participants. Prospective Non-AP Securityholders can buy and sell Gold Securities 
through the trading of securities listed on a Relevant Stock Exchange or in the OTC Market. Provided that 
certain conditions are met (see Subscription and Redemption below), Authorised Participants and Non-AP 
Securityholders are able to Redeem Gold Securities directly with the Issuer.  
Gold Securities may be available to be issued in Certificated Form and uncertified form in the Relevant 
Clearing System.  
Gold Securities: General Description  
Gold Securities have an effective notional entitlement to Gold, such return being the Metal Entitlement. 
This aims to provide an investor with the same return that they would gain from investing directly in the 
underlying precious metal (less applicable fees). Subscriptions for and Redemptions of Gold Securities are, 
in general, satisfied in precious metal of the relevant type, which is stored in safe custody with the relevant 
Custodian. All Gold conforms to the rules of the Relevant Association.  
A Gold Security is a secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which entitles a Securityholder 
to require Redemption of the Gold Security and on the Redemption Settlement Date receive an amount of 
Gold equal to the relevant Metal Entitlement of that Gold Security on the Trade Date (or in the case of a 
Gold Sale, an amount of cash equal to the Securityholders Metal Entitlement in respect of the Gold 
Securities being Redeemed).  
The Gold Securities are backed by physical gold which is identified (whether by bar serial numbers or 
otherwise) in and recorded on the Issuer's account with the Custodian. More specifically, this Gold will be 
held in the Secured Allocated Accounts in "allocated" form as uniquely identifiable bars, as identified in the 
Bar List published each Business Day by the Issuer. The books and records of the Custodian evidence that 
such Gold is segregated from other metal held in each of its Vaults. 
B. 
Metal Entitlement 
The Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) will calculate the Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of 
each calendar day. The Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of the Initial Tranche of the Class A 
(USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for each issuance of each tranche of Gold Securities. The issue price 
is the Metal Entitlement per Security and will be determined before filing of the applicable Final Terms of 
each Class based on the prevailing market conditions.  
Whenever new Gold Securities of any type are issued or existing Gold Securities are Redeemed, this will 
reflect the then prevailing Metal Entitlement of those Gold Securities, thereby ensuring that all securities of 
the same type have the same Metal Entitlement. 
The precise rights attached to the Gold Securities, including deductions in respect of fees and how they are 
applied, are set out in the Conditions, which are reproduced in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold 
Securities. An illustration of the effect of these rights, is set out in Section 8 – Determining the Value of an 
Investment in Gold Securities. Worked examples are also included in this section.  
C. 
Listing, Trading and Passporting

--- Page 5 ---
M-58409406-6 
5 
 
All Gold Securities are fully transferable.  
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the Financial Regulator of Germany, BaFin and the 
Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (in Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
any other necessary information so that the Gold Securities may respectively be admitted to listing and 
trading on: 
(a) 
the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (main list); and 
(b) 
the regulated market of the German Stock Exchange.   
The Issuer has also requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authorities of Germany and 
Norway with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation so that the Gold Securities may be offered publicly in accordance with the 
local law of these EEA States. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA States with such 
certificates for the purpose of admission to trading of all or any Gold Securities on a regulated market 
therein. The Central Bank will remain the competent authority for the purposes of approving all prospectus 
published by the Issuer under the Prospectus Regulation. 
D. 
Contract Structure  
Trust Deed  
In respect of a Class of Gold Securities, the Gold Securities of such Class are constituted by a Trust Deed, 
under which the Trustee acts as trustee for the Securityholders of each Class.  
The Programme Documents establish a custody structure in respect of the Gold and a security structure in 
respect of the Secured Property. 
Custody  
Pursuant to the Custody Agreements, the relevant Custodian acknowledges the Security created by the 
Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee and agrees that once the Gold is deposited in a Secured Account in 
accordance with a relevant Custody Agreement, it may only be removed in accordance with the terms of 
the relevant Custody Agreement.  
The Custodian identifies in its books and records that the Gold belongs to the Issuer, and the Custodian 
shall have no title to or interest in such Gold. 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. is the Custodian of the Gold held in the Secured Accounts in relation 
to the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold 
Securities.  
Further details of the Custodian, the arrangements for the storage of Gold, the Secured Accounts and a 
summary of the terms of the Custody Agreements are set out under the heading "Custody Agreements" in 
Section 6 – Description of Documents. 
Security  
In addition, the Issuer and the Security Trustee (which, as at the Prospectus Date is the same person as 
the Trustee) have also entered into a separate Security Deed. Pursuant to the Security Deed, all sums held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to meet payment due in respect of its obligations owed to the Securityholders

--- Page 6 ---
M-58409406-6 
6 
 
and the Secured Parties in respect of the Gold Securities are the subject of a first fixed charge and floating 
charge in favour of the Security Trustee. The Trust Deed gives the Trustee and the Security Deed gives the 
Security Trustee, on trust for the Securityholders and the Secured Parties respectively, rights against the 
Issuer in respect of the Gold Securities.  
Further details of the contract structure and the relevant Programme Documents are set out Section 6 – 
Description of Documents. 
E. 
Transaction Structure and Flow of Funds  
Authorised Participants and Flow of Funds  
Gold Securities can be bought and sold for cash On-Exchange. The cash used to settle On-Exchange 
transactions is never delivered to the Issuer. Only certain financial institutions (Authorised Participants) 
may subscribe for Gold Securities. 
Following a Subscription for Gold Securities: 
(i) 
the Issuer will constitute and issue the Gold Securities and deliver them to the Authorised 
Participant via the Relevant Clearing System; 
(ii) 
an Authorised Participant must transfer the relevant funds to the Issuer;  
(iii) 
the Custodian must deliver Gold with an aggregate weight equal to the Gold Entitlement of the 
Gold Securities into the Secured Accounts.  
The relevant Gold will be held with all other Gold attributable to that Class of Gold Securities in the Secured 
Accounts. The mechanics of the Subscription process are described in more detail in Subscription and 
Redemption, below.  
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Gold Securities in the secondary market either, subject to 
being admitted to trading on the Relevant Stock Exchange, On-Exchange or in the OTC Market (i.e. 
outside of an exchange).  
An Authorised Participant might also elect to keep the Gold Securities to hold themselves.  
If a Securityholder wishes to Redeem its Gold Securities so as to take delivery of the Gold, it must return 
those Gold Securities into the Relevant Clearing System and in return will receive Gold equivalent to the 
aggregate Metal Entitlement of the relevant Gold Securities which are being redeemed, through a transfer 
from the Secured Accounts into the Securityholder Metal Account. The mechanics of the Redemption 
process are described in more detail in Subscription and Redemption, below and Condition 7 (Redemption) 
in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities.   
If a Securityholder wishes to dispose of its holding of Gold Securities for cash rather than Gold, they must 
sell them either On-Exchange or in the OTC Market. Note however that, a Gold Sale will apply in certain 
circumstances, including where (through no fault of the Issuer), the Gold to which the Securityholder is 
entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered to the Securityholder by the 30th day after the 
Redemption Settlement Date; or the Securityholder is a Prohibited Metal Holder. Further details of the Gold 
Sale process are set out in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold 
Securities.   
F. 
Subscription and Redemption

--- Page 7 ---
M-58409406-6 
7 
 
The Subscription and Redemption mechanisms are intended to ensure that Gold Securities have sufficient 
liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the Relevant Stock Exchanges tracks the gold price 
(before fees).  
Subscription 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for Gold Securities by way of a valid Subscription Form in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Authorised Participant Agreement. 
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Form and issue Gold Securities if: 
(a) 
the Subscription Form is determined to be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the acceptance of such Subscription Form will not cause the Programme Maximum Number of 
Gold Securities to be exceeded; 
(c) 
the number of Gold Securities that are the subject of the Subscription Form is greater than the 
Subscription Minimum (defined below); and 
(d) 
all other conditions precedent to an issue of the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, 
payment of the Subscription Fee) are satisfied. 
In any event, the Issuer is entitled to reject any Subscription Form at any time, at its absolute discretion.  
The Issuer may implement a minimum number of Gold Securities that may be applied for at any time (the 
Subscription Minimum). As at the Prospectus Date, the Subscription Minimum in respect of each of the 
Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities 
is 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Gold Securities.  
Gold Order and Gold Forwards 
Contemporaneously with the issuance of the Gold Securities to the Authorised Participant, the Issuer will: 
1. 
enter into a contract with Refinery to deliver at least 98% of the corresponding amount of Gold as 
notified on the Subscription Form to the Custodian; and 
2. 
enter into the Gold Forward Contracts with the Forward Counterparty (or another relevant 
counterparty) in order to hedge its position during the period of time between (a) the date of 
issuance of the new Gold Securities; and (b) the date of delivery (in full) of the Gold into the vaults 
of the Custodian.  
The positions held by the Issuer with regard to the Gold Forward Contracts will be wound down in direct 
proportion to the delivery of gold into the Custodian's vaults. 
Redemption Process  
Each Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to delivery in Gold of an amount equal to the Metal 
Entitlement per Security (rounded down to the nearest kilogram). 
An Authorised Participant may Redeem Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form to require 
the Redemption of Gold Securities it holds for collection of Gold (or cash) in an amount equal to the Metal 
Entitlement of such Gold Securities (as calculated on the Trade Date) (rounded down to the nearest 
kilogram in the case of Gold Delivery and rounded up to the nearest kilogram in the case of Gold Sale and, 
in each case, adjusted accordingly with respect of the number of Gold Securities held by the respective 
Securityholder) on the Redemption Settlement Date.

--- Page 8 ---
M-58409406-6 
8 
 
The Issuer will only accept a Redemption Form if it complies with the list of requirements detailed in 
Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities. If the Issuer 
determines that the Redemption Form complies with these conditions, it shall confirm to the Securityholder 
that the Redemption Form is valid as soon as reasonably practicable, with the date of such confirmation 
being the Trade Date.  
No Gold Securities may be Redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Form that the Issuer has not confirmed 
(in its absolute discretion) as valid.  
No Redemption Form will be validated by the Issuer unless the Securityholder complies with all compliance 
and identification checks reasonably required by the Issuer, and the results of such checks are determined 
to be satisfactory to the Issuer and/or its agent, being, in this case, the Administrator (KYC).  
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether KYC requirements apply to any 
Redeeming Securityholder and whether such KYC requirements have been satisfied (including where the 
Redeeming Securityholder is an Authorised Participant, whether KYC requirements have already been 
satisfied). The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage suffered as a 
result of it conducting KYC. 
Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders  
Notwithstanding, any other requirements listed in Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms) that are applicable on 
any Redemption, in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Issuer will 
not validate a Redemption Form until:  
(a) 
the Non-AP Securityholder specifies a Securityholder Metal Account into which the relevant Metal 
can be deposited (except in the case of a Gold Sale);  
(b) 
KYC in respect of such Non-AP Securityholder is determined to be satisfactory to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
the Non-AP Securityholder pays the Redemption Fee (see Redemption Fee below for further 
details). 
Settlement  
In relation to any Optional Redemption, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities subject to the Redemption 
must, (and the relevant Gold Securities will only be cancelled following) in the case of Gold Securities that 
are in Certificated Form, delivery by the Securityholder of the Gold Securities and any certificates 
representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer may agree. 
Provided that the Redeeming Securityholder complies in full with its Securities Delivery Obligation by the 
time specified in Condition 7.6 (Redemption Obligations), the Issuer will effect the Redemption on the third 
business day following the Trade Date. 
In relation to any Optional Redemption, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the third Business Day 
following the applicable Trade Date, provided that in the case of Redemption by Gold Sale such day is not 
also a Payment Business Day, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the next Payment Business Day.  
The Programme offers two mechanisms for Redemption, Gold Delivery and Gold Sale. 
Gold Delivery  
In the case of a Gold Delivery, the Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption Form instruct:

--- Page 9 ---
M-58409406-6 
9 
 
(a) 
the Custodian to make available (for collection by the Redeeming Securityholder) Gold in at least 
an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the nearest 
kilogram), calculated as of the Trade Date. This Gold will be made for collection by the Redeeming 
Securityholder from the relevant Secured Accounts on the Redemption Settlement Date; and  
(b) 
the Administrator to transfer the Balancing Sum into the Securityholder Cash Account. 
As further detailed in Condition 7.7.2, a Redeeming Securityholder may request for such Gold to be 
delivered, at the cost and risk of the Redeeming Securityholder to a Securityholder Metal Account; 
however, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, refuse such request.   
Gold Sale 
In respect of an Optional Redemption, Gold Sale will apply where: 
(a) 
provided it is permitted to do so in accordance with the Conditions, a Non-AP Securityholder 
selects Gold Sale as the Redemption Mechanism (for example where that Non-AP Securityholder 
is a Prohibited Metal Holder); or 
(b) 
the Gold that is the subject of a Redemption is not successfully delivered to the Securityholder by 
the 30th day after the Redemption Settlement Date; or 
as further detailed in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities.  
Where Gold Sale is the applicable Redemption Mechanism: 
(a) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Metal Agent under the Investment Management Agreement to sell 
on the Gold Sale Date at least an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured 
Property equal to the Metal Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed 
(rounded up to the nearest kilogram) (with the proceeds of such sale being the Actual Redemption 
Sale Proceeds); 
(b) 
the Metal Agent shall be entitled to deduct Taxes and its expenses from the Actual Redemption 
Sale Proceeds in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management Agreement; and 
(c) 
a Securityholder will, rather than take delivery of Gold, be paid the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds 
in the currency in which the underlying Class of Gold Securities is denominated (or its pro-rata 
share of the Metal Entitlement if more than one Securityholder in that Class of Gold Securities is 
subject to the Gold Sale), less the Adjustment Sum, into the Securityholder Cash Account. 
Redemption Fee  
In the case of an Optional Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Issuer will not validate the 
associated Redemption Form until it receives the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the 
Securityholder. The Redemption Fee payable by the Non-AP Securityholder shall be an amount equal to: 
(a) 
in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form relating (or 
Redemption forms, over a single period of three months, which cumulatively relate) to an amount 
of Gold being greater than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the 
Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the 
gold value being redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the Administrative Fee, which may be waived at the discretion of the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
M-58409406-6 
10 
 
(b) 
in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form relating to 
an amount of Gold being equal to or less than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the 
Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the 
gold value being redeemed. 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by an Authorised Participant, the Redemption Fee payable 
by the Securityholder shall be the amount specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
On a Compulsory Redemption of Gold Securities by the Issuer, the Redemption Fee payable by the 
Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in respect of the Redemption, 
being an amount not greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be 
notified in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, which are set out in Condition 7 
(Redemption) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities. 
G. 
Compulsory Redemption  
The Gold Securities shall become due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity date due to the 
occurrence of any of the events set out in Conditions 8.1 to 8.4 (inclusive) (Compulsory Redemption). 
Following the occurrence of any such event, the Issuer (and/or, in the case of an Event of Default, the 
Trustee following requisite direction by the Securityholders) may give notice designating an early 
redemption of the Gold Securities. These events include: 
(a) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event. The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' 
notice by an announcement on a RIS to the Securityholders, redeem all or some of the Gold 
Securities;  
(b) 
a Threshold Redemption Event. If on any Business Day falling on or after the 60th calendar day 
following a Market Value Event Date, the cash value of the Metal Entitlement per Security as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent is less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the Issue Price per Gold 
Security as at the Class Issue Date of such Gold Securities; 
(c) 
certain key service providers of the Issuer resign or their appointment in relation to such Class is 
terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement has been appointed at the time such 
resignation or termination takes place; 
(d) 
a change in law occurs which results in (or the Issuer reasonably expects that such change in law 
will result in): 
(i) 
the Issuer's performance of its obligations relating to the Gold Securities being in 
contravention of applicable law; or  
(ii) 
a material increase in the Issuer's costs in performing its obligations relating to the Gold 
Securities; 
(e) 
an Event of Default. An event of default occurs in respect of such Class including certain 
breaches by the Issuer of its obligations; and 
(f) 
the Issuer may redeem any Gold Securities which it considers, in its absolute discretion:  
(i) 
are held in breach of law; or

--- Page 11 ---
M-58409406-6 
11 
 
(ii) 
that the ownership of such Gold Securities would, in its reasonable opinion cause a 
pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders.  
H. 
Settlement  
The Gold Securities may be issued: 
(a) 
in bearer form, including in NGN form and in CGN form and serially numbered (Bearer 
Securities); or 
(b) 
in registered form (whether in CGN form or in global registered form using the new safekeeping 
structure) (Registered Securities).  
The settlement of transactions in Gold Securities will take place within the Relevant Clearing System.  
The Issuer (nor any other Programme Party) will not have any responsibility for the performance of the 
Relevant Clearing System, which is independent of the Programme.  
I. 
Tax 
Your attention is drawn to Section 12 – Tax which provides information on taxation relating to the Gold 
Securities. If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it should consult a professional advisor. 
J. 
Regulation  
UCITS 
An undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities subject to the UCITS Directive ("UCITS 
Scheme") will need to take into account the restriction on such schemes owning or taking delivery of gold. 
Accordingly, UCITS Schemes will be deemed to be Prohibited Metal Holders, and in the event that such a 
scheme elects to Redeem any of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; 
and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities (or any other Class backed by gold), such a Redemption will only 
be permitted by Gold Sale, as described in "Gold Sale", above and Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale). 
The Gold Securities constitute transferable securities and are not an investment in gold. Prospective 
investors that are UCITS Schemes need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Gold Securities 
would comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable to them and would be in line with their 
individual investment objectives. If any such investor is in any doubt with regard to its ability to invest in the 
Gold Securities, it should consult a professional advisor prior to making any investment in Gold Securities.  
Collective Investment Schemes  
The Gold Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme and the Issuer is not 
required to seek authorisation as, or appoint, an AIFM, under the relevant Irish legislation implementing 
AIFMD (as defined below).  
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of all applicable Irish and EU anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations, to include, but not limited to, the European Union (Anti-Money Laundering Beneficial 
Ownership of Corporate Entities) Regulations 2019, the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist 
Financing) Acts 2010 (as amended by the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) 
(Amendment) Acts 2013 and 2018) (the Applicable Irish and EU AML Legislation) will apply to the 
Programme. This means that verification of the identity of parties that deals with the Issuer may be

--- Page 12 ---
M-58409406-6 
12 
 
required. This includes all Authorised Participants and also in circumstances where a Non-AP 
Securityholder elects to Redeem its Gold Securities.  
The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme 
and verification of the identity of the Securityholders. 
Each Authorised Participant that submits a Subscription Form (and/or any Securityholder that deals directly 
with the Issuer) confirms that it is subject to and acts in compliance with the Applicable Irish and EU AML 
Legislation, and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer at the 
time of lodging the Subscription Form, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified time 
thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Applicable Irish and EU AML Legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether KYC requirements apply to any 
Securityholder prior to the acceptance of a Redemption Form or Subscription Form, and whether such KYC 
requirements have been satisfied. The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable to any person for any loss 
or damage suffered as a result of it conducting KYC. 
Deposits  
Any investment in the Gold Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the 
scope of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not and will not be 
regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Gold Securities.

--- Page 13 ---
M-58409406-6 
13 
 
K. 
Structure Diagram  
The principal aspects of the above-mentioned transaction structure are set out in the below diagram. 
 
 
 
Waystone Corporate  
Services (IE) Limited 
EDR Certified Origin Physical 
Gold Public Limited Company 
Trustee 
Service Providers: 
- Corporate Service 
Provider: Waystone 
- Legal Advisors:  
A&L Goodbody LLP 
- Bank: BNY Mellon 
Assets 
Co-Investment 
Managers: 
- Svelland Capital 
(UK) Limited; 
- Edmond de 
Rothschild 
(Suisse) S.A. 
Listed Notes 
through 
Euroclear/ 
Clearstream 
Note Holders 
Cash 
Delivered to 
BNY Melon 
100% 
 
 
Edmond de 
Rothschild 
Cash at BNY also 
used to pay IM and 
Service Provider 
Fees 
Purchased 
gold is 
custodied at 
vault with 
EDR 
1.
EDR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company – Incorporated in Ireland. Company Number: 716946. 
2.
Noteholders in EDR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company will be cleared via Euroclear and Clearstream. 
3.
EDR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company is an Irish S110 Company. 
4.
EDR Certified Origin Physical Gold PLC will set-up an Exchange Traded Certificate (ETC) to invest in physical gold. 
5.
Investors will purchase notes issued by the ETC, the ETC using the capital to buy physical gold 
Cash Proceeds

--- Page 14 ---
M-58409406-6 
14 
 
SECTION 2 – RISK FACTORS  
An investment in Gold Securities involves a significant degree of risk. Prior to making an investment decision, 
prospective investors should carefully read the entire Prospectus, including the risk factors set out below, as well 
as conducting their own independent analysis, in order to reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Gold 
Securities are described below. However, the Issuer does not represent that the risk factors set out below are 
exhaustive and a Securityholder may lose some or the entire value of its investment for reasons other than those 
set out in the risk factors below, (for example reasons not currently considered by the Issuer to be material or 
based on circumstances or facts of which the Issuer is not currently aware). 
The below risk factors are split into the following categories: 
A. 
Market Price of the Gold Securities  
B. 
Risks Relating to Gold 
C. 
Risks Relating to the Custodian and the Metal Agent  
D. 
Operational Risks 
E. 
Risks Relating to Security  
F. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and its Legal Structure 
G. 
VAT and Tax Risks Relating to an Investment in Gold Securities  
H. 
Risk Relating to Legal Matters

--- Page 15 ---
M-58409406-6 
15 
 
A. 
Market Price of the Gold Securities  
Risk of Adverse Price Movements  
The price of Gold Securities will be affected by a number of factors that are not within the Issuer's control, 
including: 
(a) 
the value and volatility of Gold (see Risk Relating to Gold, below); 
(b) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(c) 
the creditworthiness of the Programme Parties; and 
(d) 
liquidity in the Gold Securities On-Exchange (see "Secondary Market and Liquidity Risk" below for 
more information). 
Prospective investors should be aware that the secondary market price of the Gold Securities can go down 
as well as up throughout the life of the Gold Securities. Prospective investors should be aware that the 
market price of the Gold Securities on any day may not reflect their prior or future performance. 
As a result of adverse price movements, a Securityholder may lose the value of its entire investment or part 
of its investment in Gold Securities. 
Currency Risk 
The price of Gold Securities will be calculated in the Relevant Currency, being, as at the Prospectus Date, 
US Dollars. To the extent that a Securityholder values Gold Securities in another currency, that value may 
be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the Relevant Currency and that other currency. 
Secondary Market and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Gold Securities trade on a Relevant Stock Exchange (or any other 
exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the value of Gold 
that backs such Gold Securities.  
The Subscription and Redemption procedures for Gold Securities are intended to minimise this potential 
difference. However, the market price of Gold Securities will be a function of supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Gold Securities and the bid-offer spread that market-makers are willing to 
quote for Gold Securities. 
Gold Securities may trade at a premium. Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand 
for Gold Securities abates. For example, Authorised Participants have the right, but are under no 
obligation, to request that the Issuer issue further tranches of Gold Securities. If a request is made by an 
Authorised Participant and, such a request is accepted by the Issuer, this will increase the supply and 
could potentially reduce any such premium.  
There can be no assurance as to the depth or liquidity of the secondary market (if any) in Gold Securities, 
which could affect their liquidity and market price.  
An Authorised Participant is under no obligation to make a market in Gold Securities and it is impossible to 
guarantee that one or more Authorised Participants would purchase Gold Securities on a given day and/or 
at a particular price, which may result in a lack of liquidity at any given time.  
If there is limited liquidity, the price at which a Securityholder may be able to sell its Gold Securities at any 
time may be substantially less than the price paid by that Securityholder for the same Gold Securities.

--- Page 16 ---
M-58409406-6 
16 
 
Geopolitical Risk 
Since the start of 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine has contributed to 
the increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to the volatility in financial markets 
globally, as well as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions. The Joint Investment Managers 
are closely monitoring the rapidly developing situation in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on 
the Programme. An initial risk assessment of the key impacts has identified the key risks as being 
operationalising complex sanctions regimes, potential for increase in cyberattacks and financial and market 
risks arising from volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets. 
Coronavirus (COVID 19) 
As at the Prospectus Date, a global pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 and the 
infectious disease caused by this virus (COVID-19) is taking place. 
Since March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused many national governments to declare a state of 
emergency and introduce a range of measures designed to contain the spread of COVID-19. These 
measures have included travel restrictions, quarantines, curfews, encouragement of home-working, and 
the enforced closure of many businesses, which have contributed to a global economic downturn.  
Whilst it is impossible to quantify or forecast how the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the above-mentioned 
governmental measures, any possible future outbreaks (e.g. due to variants and/or the loss of efficacy of 
existing vaccines) or medical developments and public sentiment in relation to the same will affect the price 
of gold and therefore the Gold Securities, there is a risk that any such effects will be significant and long 
term in nature.  
Despite the fact that the price of gold increased between the period commencing 11 March 2020 (the date 
the World Health Organisation announced that the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic) and ending on 
the Prospectus Date, there is no guarantee that this trend will continue. As at the Prospectus Date, the 
potential impact of COVID-19 on the Gold Securities and the consequential impact on Securityholders 
cannot be predicted.  
B. 
Risk Relating to Gold 
Risks Relating to Price of Gold 
The Gold Securities are linked to the price of gold. Prospective investors should note that the value of a 
Class of Gold Securities will be affected by movements in the price of Gold. 
The price of gold fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors beyond the Issuer's control, 
including: 
(a) 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations (including pandemics); 
(b) 
investors' expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation and movements in world equity, 
financial and property markets; 
(c) 
global supply and demand of the relevant markets, which is influenced by such factors as mine 
production and net forward selling activities by producers, central bank purchases and sales, 
jewellery demand and the supply of recycled jewellery, net investment demand and industrial 
demand, net of recycling; 
(d) 
political and economic instability in the locations where gold is produced, potentially impacting 
purchaser confidence, supply and demand, and, ultimately, the price of the Gold;

--- Page 17 ---
M-58409406-6 
17 
 
(e) 
interest rates and currency exchange rates, particularly the strength of and confidence in the US 
Dollar; and 
(f) 
investment and trading activities of hedge funds, commodity funds and other speculators. 
Movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and investor 
sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of Gold Securities and this 
may lead to a fall in the price of Gold Securities which will have an adverse impact on any investor that 
purchased the Gold Securities at a higher price.  
Central banks, other government agencies and supranational organisations, such as the International 
Monetary Fund, that buy, sell and hold precious metals as part of their reserve assets may decide to sell a 
portion of their assets, which are not normally subject to use in the open market. A number of central banks 
have sold significant portions of gold over the last 20 years, which has meant that governmental and 
supranational organisations have generally been a net supplier to the open market. If there are sales of 
gold or other precious metals by the public sector to the private sector there may be an excess of supply 
over demand, leading to a lower price on the open market for a relevant precious metal and consequently a 
decrease in the value of the Gold Securities. 
Adverse movements in the price of gold may negatively affect the return to Securityholders who sell their 
Gold Securities when the price of gold has decreased since the time they purchased their Gold Securities. 
Shortage of Gold 
Gold markets have the potential to suffer from market disruption or volatility caused by shortages of gold. 
Such events could result in sudden increases in Gold prices for a short period (also known as price spikes).  
Price spiking can also result in volatile forward rates and lease rates which could result in the bid/offer 
spread in the Gold Securities on any Relevant Stock Exchange to widen, reflecting short-term forward rates 
in the Gold. 
There has been growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to precious metals (including 
products similar to the Gold Securities) which has had an impact on the supply and demand profile of the 
precious metals market. Changes in supply and demand for these types of investment products will directly 
impact the supply and demand for gold. This may have the effect of increasing volatility in the price and 
supply of gold.  
Products such as the Gold Securities require the purchase and sale of gold, and, depending on the 
success of such products, this may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of transactions, which will 
ultimately have an effect on the price of the Gold Securities. 
C. 
Risks Relating to the Custodian and the Metal Agent 
Risks Relating to the Secured Allocated Accounts  
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations with respect to the Gold Securities could be affected by the 
actions of the Custodian or its agents or by events affecting the Custodian. In particular, if any Gold is lost, 
stolen or damaged, or is fraudulently removed from the control of the Custodian, or the Custodian is 
subject to a force majeure event beyond its reasonable control which prevents it from delivering up Gold, 
then, in each case the Issuer would not be able to satisfy all of its obligations in respect of the Gold 
Securities which would result in a loss to Securityholders. 
In the event of an insolvency of the Custodian, the allocated Gold held by the Custodian in the relevant 
Secured Allocated Account for the benefit of the Issuer should be protected as such Gold should be 
identified separately from the assets of the Custodian, and its other clients. However, there can be no

--- Page 18 ---
M-58409406-6 
18 
 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain delivery of and/or realise the Gold (whether in full or in part) 
held in the Secured Allocated Account(s) with the Custodian on a timely basis. In addition, the Issuer could 
incur expenses in connection with having to assert its claims against the relevant Gold, even where it can 
ascertain that it has title to such Gold. 
Although the Custodian is required to allocate (and provide a daily Bar List of all such allocated Gold) and 
segregate Gold held for the Issuer from any assets held by the Custodian for other clients and the 
Custodian's own assets, Securityholders will be at risk if the Custodian does not, in practice, maintain such 
a segregation in breach of their obligations to the Issuer or, as applicable, the Custodian. This could result 
in the Securityholders suffering a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities if the failure 
to segregate Gold held for the Issuer meant that it was not possible to identify the allocated Gold held for 
the benefit of the Issuer from the assets of the Custodian or any of their respective clients. 
Access Risk  
Once Gold is allocated, this Gold will be held in the Secured Allocated Accounts which will be held by the 
Custodian at its Vault. Gold will be held in the Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A.'s Vault (located in 
Geneva, Switzerland), and will be transferred to a Securityholder Metal Account to effect a Redemption. 
Access to such Gold, whether in transit or when held in a Vault could be lost, or at least restricted, by 
natural events, such as flooding, or human actions, such as a terrorist attack.  
If such transit and/or access risk causes or contributes to the loss of Gold (and the Custodian is unable to 
replace such Gold), the Issuer would not be able to satisfy its obligations in full in respect of the Gold 
Securities and in such circumstances, Securityholders could suffer a loss in respect of some or all of their 
investment in the Gold Securities. 
Insurance Risk – No Duty for the Custodian to Provide Insurance for the Benefit of the Issuer  
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements for its own benefit in connection with its custodial 
obligations pursuant to the Custody Agreements with respect to Gold held in a Secured Account as it 
considers fit and customary for precious metal storage, but is under no obligation to provide insurance for 
the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the Gold it holds for the Issuer. In addition, neither the Trustee nor the 
Security Trustee is responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring Gold held in the Secured Accounts, and is not required to make any enquires of such 
arrangements.  
Accordingly, if any Gold forming part of the Secured Property attributable to any Gold Securities is lost, 
damaged, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Issuer and/or the Trustee 
and/or the Security Trustee, the Custodian's insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy the claim 
and the Issuer may not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities resulting in a loss 
to Securityholders of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to the Performance of the Custodian  
The custodial service provided by the Custodian under the Custody Agreement is not a regulated activity 
subject to the supervision and rules of the Central Bank. 
The ability of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Trustee to monitor the performance of the Custodian 
is limited because, under the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the metal auditors of the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee have only limited rights to visit the premises of the Custodian, for the purpose of 
examining the Gold and certain related records maintained by the Custodian. This access right is subject to 
such reasonable conditions as the Custodian may require (although the Custodian is obliged to permit such 
access by metal auditors to its premises at least annually).

--- Page 19 ---
M-58409406-6 
19 
 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian is only liable for losses that are the direct result of its own 
negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of its duties and then only up to the aggregate market 
value of the Gold lost or damaged at the time such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by the 
relevant Custodian.  
The Issuer's limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer would have limited 
recourse to the Custodian in circumstances where Gold is lost or stolen in custody and/or the records of 
the Custodian are inconsistent, which could result in the Issuer not being able to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the Gold Securities which could, in turn, result in a loss to Securityholders of some or all of their 
investment in the Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to Termination of the Custody Agreements 
The Custodian is entitled to terminate the Custody Agreement at the end of any quarter subject to three 
months' prior written notice. If following such notice of termination, the Issuer is not able to appoint a new 
Custodian it would be forced to redeem the affected Gold Securities which would lead to a Securityholder 
realising its investment earlier than desired and if the value of the Gold Securities at such time is less than 
the value of the Gold Securities at the time the Gold Securities were purchased this could lead to a loss for 
a Securityholder of some or all of their investment. 
Further details relating to the Custody Agreements are set out in Section 6 – Description of Documents.  
Risks Relating to the Performance of the Metal Agent  
The Issuer has appointed the Metal Agent as its agent to effect purchases and sales of Gold in connection 
with the Programme.   
On a Gold Sale, the Issuer will instruct the Custodian to transfer the relevant Gold from the Secured 
Accounts to the order of the Metal Agent in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement and 
the Metal Agent will sell the Gold in a timely fashion on the Gold Sale Date.  
Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Metal Agent is authorised to take such steps as, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate to effect an orderly sale of the Gold. This 
means that the Metal Agent will use its discretion in selling the Gold, and the Issuer cannot guarantee that 
such discretion will result in the Metal Agent obtaining the optimal price on the Gold Sale Date. As a result, 
the price realised by the Metal Agent in conducting a Gold Sale may not be the same price that another 
market participant (including a Securityholder) could have realised if they were to sell the Gold on the same 
date and a Securityholder may suffer a loss if the price realised by the Metal Agent is less than the value of 
the Gold at the time the Securityholder purchased its Gold Securities. In addition, the Metal Agent is 
permitted to deduct any amounts properly incurred by it in connection with such sale from the applicable 
proceeds.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Metal Agent is only responsible for 
any loss or damage as a result of any negligence, fraud or wilful default on Metal Agent's part in the 
performance of its duties. The Issuer's limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer 
would have limited recourse to the Metal Agent in circumstances where the Gold is lost or stolen in the 
course of a Gold Sale. Additionally, the Metal Agent may make such insurance arrangements for its own 
benefit in connection with its obligations under the Investment Management Agreement as it considers 
appropriate and is under no obligation to provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the 
Gold it sells to effect a Gold Sale. The Issuer's limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the 
Issuer would have limited recourse to the Metal Agent in circumstances where the Gold is lost or stolen in 
the course of a Gold Sale. A loss or theft of some or all of the Gold in the course of a Gold Sale would have 
an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities and 
Securityholders could, in turn, suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities.

--- Page 20 ---
M-58409406-6 
20 
 
The services provided by the Metal Agent under the Investment Management Agreement is presently not a 
regulated activity subject to the supervision and rules of any regulatory authority. 
D. 
Operational Risks 
Early Redemption of Gold Securities 
An investment in Gold Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Securityholder and at short 
notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Securityholder may suffer a loss if the 
value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been 
redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the date of the early Redemption.  
A Compulsory Redemption is effected by Gold Sale. Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management 
Agreement  the Metal Agent is entitled to deduct certain costs from the proceeds of the relevant sale of the 
Gold (see "Risks Relating to the Performance of the Metal Agent" above), which an Optional Redemption 
by way of Gold Delivery would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, if the early Redemption takes place 
at a time when the value of the Gold Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the 
Securityholder, the Securityholder could suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold 
Securities. Early Redemption may occur in the following circumstances:  
• 
Early Redemption on Default  
In certain circumstances following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of the Issuer (including 
the Issuer's failure to make payments, failure to perform obligations in respect of the Gold Securities or 
certain insolvency events in respect of the Issuer), the Issuer will be required to redeem all or some of the 
Gold Securities in respect of a Class upon receiving notice from the Trustee, provided that the Trustee has 
been instructed by a specified portion of the Securityholders and indemnified, secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. These circumstances include where: 
(a) 
the Issuer has failed to comply with certain payment obligations in respect of the Redemption of 
any Gold Securities (subject to certain remedies);  
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with one or more of its obligations under a Programme Document; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is subject to an insolvency event. 
• 
Early Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may redeem any Gold Securities at any time by not less than 7 and no more than 14 Business 
Days' written notice, which it considers, in its absolute discretion:  
(a) 
are held in breach of law; or  
(b) 
that the ownership of such Gold Securities would, in its reasonable opinion cause a pecuniary or 
tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders. 
• 
Early Redemption Following a Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a class of Gold Securities, a disruption event occurs (for example disruption relating to the 
trading of the Gold, disruption relating to trade of the Gold Securities On-Exchange or in the OTC Market, 
the termination of a relevant Programme Party without replacement and disruption relating to the Secured 
Allocated Accounts or the inaccessibility or loss of the Gold), the Issuer may suspend Subscription and/or 
Redemption of the relevant Gold Securities for so long as the disruption event continues, and ultimately 
exercise its right to redeem some or all of the affected Gold Securities.

--- Page 21 ---
M-58409406-6 
21 
 
Risks Relating to a Securityholder's Reliance on an Authorised Participant  
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for Gold Securities to be issued. The 
Issuer will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there is at least one Authorised 
Participant. However, there can be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to 
deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Gold Securities. 
In the event that there is no Authorised Participant, no Gold Securities can be issued. In such an event, it 
may also be difficult or impossible to sell Gold Securities on the Relevant Stock Exchanges at a price close 
to the Metal Reference Price or within a reasonable time period. In such a case, a Securityholder may 
Redeem directly with the Issuer, which may take longer and be more costly (due to payment of the 
Redemption Fee) than sale of the Gold Securities On-Exchange.  If the case persists that there are no 
Authorised Participants, then the Issuer could trigger a Compulsory Redemption Event which would result 
in the early redemption of the Gold Securities. The early redemption of the Gold Securities could, in turn, 
result in a Securityholder suffering a loss if the value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise 
have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the 
date of the early Redemption. 
Insufficient Assets to Cover Principal Amount  
A Securityholder may elect to receive an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount instead of the 
amount otherwise specified on a redemption. Such Principal Amount operates as a minimum repayment 
amount which is payable at the election of the Securityholder. Due to the limited recourse nature of the 
Gold Securities, in the event that the value of the Metal Entitlement of the relevant Class is insufficient to 
pay the Principal Amount to all Securityholders who have elected to receive the Principal Amount, such 
Securityholders may not receive payment of the Principal Amount in full and may receive substantially less. 
This would result in a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities 
Risks Relating to the Application of the Daily Adjustment   
The Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of a Class will decrease over time as a portion of the Daily 
Adjustment (a rate per annum specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Class) is applied to the Metal 
Entitlement on a daily basis, which reduces the Metal Entitlement per Security.  
There is no guarantee that the Gold in respect of a Class will outperform the Daily Adjustment, meaning 
that the value of a Securityholder's investment could decrease over time.  
In addition, provided that it gives Securityholders at least 30 days' prior notice, the Issuer may increase the 
Daily Adjustment. An increase in the Daily Adjustment in respect of a Class will reduce the Metal 
Entitlement in respect of that Class by more than would have been the case (and at a faster rate) had the 
Daily Adjustment remained the same. 
Other Business Activities of Authorised Participants (conflicts of interest) 
The Authorised Participants and/or their respective affiliates may be active traders in the physical and 
financial metals markets. These trading activities may present a conflict between: (i) the interests of the 
Securityholders; and (ii) the interests of the Authorised Participants in facilitating transactions (including 
options and other derivatives transactions) relating to Gold, both in their proprietary accounts and for their 
customers in accounts under their management.  
These trading activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of the 
Securityholders and could adversely affect the market value of the Gold Securities. With respect to any of 
the activities described above, none of the Authorised Participants or any of their respective affiliates has 
any obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of the Gold Securities into 
consideration at any time.

--- Page 22 ---
M-58409406-6 
22 
 
Risks Relating to the Trustee  
The Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a Class and will not have regard to 
the consequences of the exercise of its functions for individual Securityholders. As a result, a decision 
made by the Trustee in the exercise of its functions may have adverse consequences for an individual 
Securityholder, including, for example, if the exercise of discretion resulted in a delay in the redemption of 
the Gold Securities or a delay in receiving the Metal Entitlement per Security or its pro rata share of the 
sale proceeds following a Gold Sale. In such circumstances, a Securityholder may suffer adverse tax 
consequences. The Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Securityholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Securityholder.  
Risks Relating to the Security Trustee 
The Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a Class and will not have 
regard to the consequences of the exercise of its functions for individual Securityholders. As a result, a 
decision made by the Security Trustee in the exercise of its functions may have adverse consequences for 
an individual Securityholder, including, for example, if the exercise of discretion resulted in a delay in the 
redemption of the Gold Securities or a delay in receiving the Metal Entitlement per Security or its pro rata 
share of the sale proceeds following a Gold Sale.  In such circumstances, a Securityholder may suffer 
adverse tax consequences. The Security Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Securityholder 
be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Securityholder.  
Modifications to the Programme  
The Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee, may agree to amendments to the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party if, in its opinion such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or is necessary or desirable for the operational functioning of the 
Programme. In making such determinations, the Trustee or, as applicable the Security Trustee, is not 
under an obligation or a duty to take into account the interests of any individual Securityholder and so there 
may be circumstances where a Securityholder is adversely affected by a decision of the Trustee or the 
Security Trustee.  
The Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee, may also agree to any other modification, and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions 
of any Programme Document to which the Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee, is a party that is 
in the opinion of the Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Securityholders, or, in the case of the Security Trustee, Securityholders of the relevant 
Class. 
All other matters affecting the interests of the Securityholders (including any modifications of the Gold 
Securities) must be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, which Extraordinary 
Resolution will be binding on all Securityholders of the relevant Class, including any Securityholders who 
did not vote in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
A Securityholder might therefore be adversely affected by a decision of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, 
the Issuer and/or other Securityholders where it did not consent to or agree with such a decision.  
E. 
Risks Relating to Security 
Limited Recourse  
Subject always to the Security Deed in respect of a Class, the Securityholders will have recourse only to 
the Secured Property in respect of a Class, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following

--- Page 23 ---
M-58409406-6 
23 
 
realisation in full of the Secured Property relating to the relevant Class and application of available assets, 
any outstanding claim against the Issuer relating to such Class remains unsatisfied, then such outstanding 
claim will be extinguished and no obligation will be owed by the Issuer in respect of such claim.  
Subsequently, neither the Securityholders nor any other person acting on their behalf (or on behalf of any 
of them) will be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its directors, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or agents to recover any further sum in respect of such claim and no obligation 
will be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such outstanding sum. 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in 
respect of any Security Deed or any Security Document. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not 
recognise the security granted by such Security Deed or other Security Document, such security may not 
be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction and/or such assets may be subject to 
claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Deed or other Security Document. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the security granted by a Security Deed or other Security 
Document in a jurisdiction that does not recognise such security (or in which it has not been perfected) 
there may be delays in enforcing the security or it may not be possible to enforce such Security which 
could result in losses to Securityholders of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Security Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security 
on behalf of a Securityholder if it is directed to do so by the Trustee and provided the Trustee has been 
instructed by a specified portion of the Securityholders and indemnified, secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. These circumstances include where (i) the Issuer has failed to comply with certain payment 
obligations in respect of the Redemption of any Gold Securities (subject to certain remedies), or (ii) the 
Issuer fails to comply with one or more of its obligations under a Programme Document, or (iii) the Issuer is 
subject to an insolvency event. 
In circumstances where the Security Trustee is not directed to enforce the Security, a Securityholder will 
have no right to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of its 
investment. 
Risks Relating to the Subordination of Securityholders' Claims on Enforcement of Security  
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority waterfall set out in the section 
entitled Application Of Proceeds On Enforcement Of Security in Condition 6 (Security) (as set out in 
Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities), meaning that the claims of the Securityholders rank 
behind applicable payments to the Custodian, the Security Trustee and the Trustee, as described below. 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security constituted by the Security Documents in accordance with the priority waterfall set out in Condition 
6.3 (Application of Proceeds on Enforcement Of Security), in accordance with which all moneys received or 
recovered by the Trustee under the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of 
the assets by the Security Trustee that are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security 
Documents, in each case in relation to the Gold Securities of the relevant Class, will be applied as follows:  
(a) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security Documents 
(which shall include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee and/or the 
Security Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s 
and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the

--- Page 24 ---
M-58409406-6 
24 
 
Security constituted by the Security Documents and the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s 
remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the 
Security Deed); 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts due pursuant to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and Account Bank Agreement (including payment of any 
amounts owing for reimbursement in respect of any proper payment of amounts paid to 
Securityholders and default interest (if any) made to the Securityholders); 
(c) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably;  
(d) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Joint Investment Managers; and 
(e) 
fifthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return 
the full amounts due to Securityholders who may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold 
Securities as a result.  
Enforcement of the Security 
The Security Trustee may enforce the Security in its discretion, at the direction of the Trustee, if an Event 
of Default Event occurs with respect to the Gold Securities. When exercising its right in this regard, the 
Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders, which may have an adverse impact on 
certain Securityholders more than others. 
F. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and its Legal Structure  
The Issuer  
The Issuer expects that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying companies as set 
out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (Section 110), and as such should 
be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other revenue 
expenses due to be paid by the Issuer subject to the Issuer meeting all relevant conditions of Section 110. 
If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110, or any of its 
expenses are not deductible for tax purposes, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could 
have tax effects not contemplated in the cashflows connected with the Gold Securities and as such could 
adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently the payments on the Gold Securities. 
Other than the Gold held in respect of the Gold Securities (to the extent not applied in discharge of certain 
establishment expenses of the Issuer), the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than a small amount 
of profit received by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Gold Securities and in respect of the 
Gold Securities, any rights, property, sums or other assets on which such Gold Securities issued under the 
Programme are secured. 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities, 
insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. In particular, the Issuer is not and will not be 
regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Gold Securities. 
There can be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more other jurisdictions will not 
determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered or authorised under the prevailing securities, 
banking or commodities laws of that jurisdiction or that legal or regulatory requirements in this respect will 
not change so as to bring the Issuer's activity relating to the Gold Securities within the scope of such laws. 
Any such regulatory requirement or change could trigger a Compulsory Redemption Event and result in the

--- Page 25 ---
M-58409406-6 
25 
 
early redemption of the Gold Securities which in turn could result in a Securityholder suffering a loss if the 
value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been 
redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the date of the early Redemption.  
No Guarantee by any other Party  
The Gold Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
entity other than the Issuer. Aside from the Issuer, no Programme Party, or any other person (including any 
Affiliate of the Issuer) is required to make payments on the Gold Securities of any Class. Specifically, the 
Gold Securities:  
(a) 
will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection 
scheme, including but not limited to the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank 
or any client money protection scheme;  
(b) 
are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body; and 
(c) 
by virtue of the issue of the Gold Securities, the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank. 
Consequently, if the Issuer were to fail to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities, the 
Securityholders would have no recourse to any other person or ability to require any other person to make 
payments on behalf of the Issuer and in such circumstances, a Securityholder could suffer a loss of some 
or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Insolvency  
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of Gold Securities and related and/or 
incidental matters. Any issue of Gold Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties in respect of such Gold Securities to be limited to the proceeds 
of the assets on which such Gold Securities are secured. 
In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Programme Parties bringing insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer. Subject to such provisions being upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer 
could become insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the limited recourse and non-petition provisions, should the Issuer have 
outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to discharge or should the limited recourse or non-
petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer 
becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its 
assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the validity of the claims of Securityholders and 
may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights with respect to any Gold Securities held by it or 
delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Security Trustee in respect of such Class of Gold 
Securities may be set aside or ranked behind certain other creditors and the assets subject to such 
Security may be transferred to another person free of such Security. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions, the rights of the Security Trustee to enforce the Security created pursuant 
to any Security Document may be limited or delayed by such procedures. 
Unconnected Liabilities of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a special purpose company but it is not a regulated fund with statutory segregated liability 
between sub-funds with each sub-fund having separate assets and liabilities. Accordingly, the Issuer uses 
contractual limited recourse and non-petition provisions to achieve segregated liability and to prevent

--- Page 26 ---
M-58409406-6 
26 
 
assets held in relation to any particular Class of Gold Securities being made available to satisfy the claims 
of holders of a different Class of Gold Securities.  While assets held in relation to any particular Class of 
Gold Securities are not available to satisfy the claims of holders of a different Class of Gold Securities, 
there is a risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect of the 
Gold Securities or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition 
limitations. If this were to happen it could increase the likelihood of the Issuer entering insolvency 
proceedings.  If the Issuer were to enter insolvency proceedings, an Event of Default would occur in 
respect of each Class of Gold Securities which would result in the Gold Securities being redeemed at short 
notice. This may result in the Gold Securities being redeemed on an earlier date than a Securityholder 
would otherwise have chosen. In these circumstances, the Securityholder may suffer a loss if the value of 
the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a 
day chosen by the Securityholder and may even lose all of their investment in the Gold Securities.  
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that 
are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Securityholders and other Secured 
Parties, the Securityholders (and other Secured Parties) may suffer losses as a result of their subordinated 
status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish 
company, such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may 
have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of 
preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These 
preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the 
company (which may include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company's requirements for 
the duration of his appointment) which have been approved by the relevant Irish courts (see Examinership 
below). 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include 
the Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of 
debts due to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of 
the security within 21 calendar days of its creation, the holder's liability is limited to the amount of certain 
outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising 
after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners' notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether 
the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of 
holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a 
person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by 
the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the 
assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or 
appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such 
liberty is given to the Issuer any charge constituted by the Security Deed may operate as a floating, rather 
than a fixed charge. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary 
to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account

--- Page 27 ---
M-58409406-6 
27 
 
and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the credit of 
such account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that 
the fixed security over the relevant charged assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating 
charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees 
and certain taxes on winding-up even if crystallised prior to the commencement of winding-up; 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
Centre of Main Interests 
Article 3(1) of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on 
Insolvency Proceedings (recast) (the EU Insolvency Regulation) is in force in Ireland since 26 June 2017 
and applies to "insolvency proceedings" opened after 26 June 2017. Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency 
Regulation provides that the centre of main interests (COMI) shall be "the place where the debtor conducts 
the administration of its interests on a regular basis and which is ascertainable by third parties" and in the 
case of a company, such as the Issuer, the place of the registered office shall be presumed to be the COMI 
in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the registered office has not been moved from 
another member state of the EU (a Member State) within the 3 month period prior to the request for the 
opening of "insolvency proceedings". 
In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, 
the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on 
Insolvency Proceedings, that the place of a company's registered office is presumed to be the company's 
COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if "factors which are both objective and 
ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists which is different 
from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect". This is consistent with Recital 30 to 
the EU Insolvency Regulation. 
Recital 28 to the EU Insolvency Regulation further indicates that in assessing whether a company's centre 
of main interests is ascertainable to third parties for these purposes, "special consideration should be given 
to the creditors and to their perception as to where a debtor conducts the administration of its interests". As 
the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has not moved its registered office from another Member 
State to Ireland within the 3 month period prior to a request for the opening of "insolvency proceedings", 
has an Irish corporate services provider, has Irish directors and is registered for tax in Ireland, the Issuer 
does not believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this would ultimately be a 
matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked 
to make that decision. If the Issuer's COMI is not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different 
jurisdiction within the European Union, main insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland.

--- Page 28 ---
M-58409406-6 
28 
 
Accordingly, pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Insolvency Regulation and as the Issuer is an Irish 
incorporated company and has its registered office in Ireland there is a rebuttable presumption that the 
Issuer's COMI is in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable to it would 
be governed by Irish law. 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival of Irish 
companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be 
unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition to the relevant Irish court under 
Section 509 of the Companies Act 2014. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the 
voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the 
company after this appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the 
company prior to this appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed 
charge. However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge 
for the amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the 
proceeds of the sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish court when at least one class of 
creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals 
are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals 
and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee or Security Trustee represented the 
majority in number and value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee or Security Trustee 
would be in a position to reject any proposal not in favour of the Securityholders. The Trustee or Security 
Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant Irish court hearing at which the proposed scheme of 
arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the Securityholders, 
especially if such proposals included a writing down to the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders. 
The fact that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and that all of its liabilities should be of a limited 
recourse nature means that it is unlikely that an examiner would be appointed to the Issuer. 
However, if, for any reason, an examiner was appointed while any amounts due by the Issuer under the 
Gold Securities were unpaid, the primary risks to the Securityholders are as follows: 
(a) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing 
down or rescheduling of the debt due by the Issuer to the Securityholders as secured by the Trust 
Deeds, Security Deeds and/or Security Documents; 
(b) 
the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties, would not 
be able to enforce rights against the Issuer during the period of examinership; 
(c) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Gold Securities 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the 
examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and

--- Page 29 ---
M-58409406-6 
29 
 
(d) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner's remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by 
the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over 
the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the 
Issuer to each of the Secured Parties under the Gold Securities or the Programme Documents. 
G. 
VAT and Tax Risks Relating to an Investment in the Gold Securities  
Taxation and no gross-up 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments in respect 
of the Gold Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to 
receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a 
result of any such withholding or deduction. 
The tax treatment of the Gold Securities, including but not limited to the question of whether the Gold 
Securities should be treated as debt securities or units in a collective investment scheme for tax purposes, 
is fundamentally unclear in some jurisdictions. Prospective investors' attention is therefore drawn to the 
section entitled "Taxation" of this Base Prospectus and the other tax disclosures in this Base Prospectus. 
Transfers of Gold to or from the Issuer or transfers of the sale proceeds of Gold to the Issuer under the 
Investment Management Agreement in relation to a Class may be subject to charges, withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, Taxes (including VAT). In such circumstances the sums available to the 
Issuer (and/or the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee) to pay the Optional Redemption or the Compulsory 
Redemption may not be sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders and all creditors whose 
claims rank in priority to those of the Securityholders. 
Where the Issuer is, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will be, required by any applicable law to 
make a payment in respect of VAT, register for VAT or be otherwise required to account for VAT in 
connection with a delivery of Gold in respect of a Subscription or a Redemption, or the Issuer has become 
liable, or become aware that it is liable, for VAT in respect of a prior delivery of Gold (in each case whether 
or not such VAT is recoverable), the Gold Securities may become subject to early redemption. 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Gold Securities. You 
should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your own 
tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any Gold Securities. 
Imposition of unanticipated Taxes on Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that under current Irish law, any fees payable to the Joint Investment 
Managers for their services should be exempt from VAT in Ireland as consideration paid for portfolio 
management services provided to a "qualifying company" for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA. This 
is based upon Article 135(1)(g) of Council Directive 2006/112/EC on the Common System of Value Added 
Tax (the Directive), which provides that EU member states shall exempt the management of "special 
investment funds" as defined by EU member states. The Value-Added Tax Consolidation Act 2010 of 
Ireland, in the provisions implementing Article 135(1)(g) of the Directive, specifically lists, in the categories 
of undertakings to whom supplies of management services are exempt from VAT, undertakings which are 
"qualifying companies" for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA. The Issuer has been advised that it will 
be such a "qualifying company", therefore management services supplied to it are exempt from VAT in 
Ireland under current law. On 9 December 2015 the European Court of Justice handed down its judgment 
in the case of Staatssecretaris van Financiën v Fiscale Eenheid X NV cs Case C-595/13 which concerned 
Dutch law on VAT, in particular the Dutch interpretation of the term "special investment fund" under the 
Directive, and could suggest that the exemption had been enacted by some EU member states more

--- Page 30 ---
M-58409406-6 
30 
 
broadly than is permitted by the Directive. The Issuer is not, however, aware of any proposal to amend Irish 
domestic law to remove the exemption from VAT on portfolio management fees for entities such as the 
Issuer. 
Irish taxation position of the Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying 
companies as set out in Section 110, and as such should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit 
after deducting all amounts of interest and other revenue expenses due to be paid by the Issuer. If, for any 
reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110, then profits or losses could 
arise in the Issuer which could have tax effects not contemplated in the cashflows for the transaction and 
as such adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently the payments on the Gold 
Securities. 
VAT 
It is not expected that any Irish VAT would be due on any supplies of Gold that are made to or by the 
Issuer on the basis of current Irish legislation and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners on the 
basis that the Gold will be physically located outside of Ireland. 
H. 
Risk Factors Relating to Legal Matters  
Regulatory Risk 
Government or regulatory intervention in the financial markets could result in the Issuer or any other 
Programme Party being unable to perform its obligations in relation to the Gold Securities; and/or a 
Securityholders being unable to hold Gold Securities. If, due to a change in any applicable law or 
regulation, it becomes illegal for the Issuer, a Programme Party or a Securityholder to perform its 
obligations in relation to the Gold Securities, the Gold Securities of the relevant Class may fall for 
Compulsory Redemption. 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities,  
commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and (subject to the requirements of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any related rules issued by the Central Bank) will operate without supervision 
by any authority in any jurisdiction. However, the regulatory requirements as to licensing, registration or 
authorisation in Ireland could change thereby requiring the Issuer to obtain such a status. Regulatory 
authorities in one or more other jurisdictions may regard such laws as being applicable to the Issuer and 
may require the Issuer to be licensed, registered or authorised. Any such regulatory requirement or change 
could trigger a Compulsory Redemption Event and result in the early redemption of the Gold Securities 
which in turn could result in a Securityholder suffering a loss if the value of the Gold Securities is lower than 
it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, 
rather than on the date of the early Redemption.  
Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, the Issuer may be unable to comply with the 
requirements imposed by the regulatory authorities of any such jurisdiction. The taking of an alternative 
view by such regulatory authority could therefore have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the holders 
of Gold Securities including, without limitation, the Issuer consequently determining that a Compulsory 
Redemption Event has occurred in respect of any affected Gold Securities. The Gold Securities may 
therefore be redeemed early, which may result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than 
their initial investment. 
Change of Law

--- Page 31 ---
M-58409406-6 
31 
 
The Conditions are governed by Irish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Gold Securities. It 
is possible that a judicial decision or change to Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of 
the relevant Gold Securities will occur which may affect such Gold Securities.  
It is not possible to predict the consequences of any such changes; it could have a significant adverse 
effect on the price and liquidity of the Gold Securities and/or the Issuer may, as a result of such change, 
determine that a Compulsory Redemption Event has occurred and the Gold Securities may be redeemed 
early. As a result of such Redemption, Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their 
initial investment. 
Legality of Purchase 
The purchase of the Gold Securities by any prospective purchaser may be subject to investment laws, 
regulations and/or restrictions or review by certain authorities (including controls and/or position limits on 
the Relevant Stock Exchanges). The Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Authorised Participants, 
any other Programme Party or any Affiliate of such persons are not responsible for compliance by a 
prospective purchaser of the Gold Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any third 
party) with such investment laws, regulations and/or restrictions.  
If a Securityholder acquires Gold Securities in contravention of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions 
and breach of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions, this may result in adverse consequences 
(including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor outside of the Programme 
(notwithstanding the Issuer's right to effect a Compulsory Redemption for Cause in accordance with 
Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause), which would result in the early Redemption of the 
affected Gold Securities).  
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFMD) became effective on 22 July 
2013 and provides, amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds (AIFs) must have a 
designated alternative investment fund manager (AIFM) with responsibility for portfolio and risk 
management. 
The application of the AIFMD to special purpose vehicles such as the Issuer is unclear. The Issuer does 
not operate in the same manner as a typical alternative investment fund. However, the definition of AIFs 
and AIFM in the AIFMD is broad and there is only limited guidance as to how such definitions should be 
applied in the context of a special purpose vehicle such as the Issuer. Were the Issuer to be found to be an 
AIF, or were any person acting in any capacity of the Gold Securities found to be acting as an AIFM with 
respect to the Issuer, both the Issuer and the person found to be acting as the AIFM would need to be 
appropriately regulated. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that either 
the Issuer or the manager could fully comply with the requirements of AIFMD. In such circumstance, the 
Issuer would be likely to determine that a Compulsory Redemption Event had occurred and the Gold 
Securities will be redeemed early and Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their 
initial investment. 
Risk of Re-characterisation  
The Gold has been issued in the form of debt securities and are not units in an authorised collective 
investment scheme. It is possible that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction may re-
characterise the Gold Securities as units in a collective investment scheme. Any such re-characterisation 
may have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor. 
In addition, as a result of such re-characterisation, the Issuer may determine that a Compulsory 
Redemption Event has occurred. The Gold Securities may therefore be redeemed early, which may result 
in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than their initial investment.

--- Page 32 ---
M-58409406-6 
32 
 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for 
collective investment in transferable securities subject to the Directive of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (2009/65/EC) (the Recast UCITS 
Directive), as amended, need to satisfy themselves that any investment in the Gold Securities will comply 
with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the Recast UCITS Directive and any 
laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives.  
Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS which is a  Securityholder, to be in breach of 
its compliance obligations under the Recast UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national 
regime. 
UCITS are Prohibited Metal Holders. Consequently, redemption is only permitted to UCITS by way of Gold 
Sale, as further detailed under Section 1 - Description of the Programme and Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) and 
UCITS cannot be delivered Gold under any circumstances. 
Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS which is a  Securityholder, to be in breach of 
its compliance obligations under the Recast UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national 
regime.

--- Page 33 ---
M-58409406-6 
33 
 
SECTION 3 – DEFINITIONS  
All terms and expressions not defined in this Section 3 – Definitions, which have defined meanings in Section 11 – 
Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities shall have the same meanings in this Base Prospectus.  
With respect to this document (other than Section 11– Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities), the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
 
Affiliate  
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with that person; and for this purpose, 
"control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person;   
BaFIN 
means the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the German Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority; 
Bar List 
means that list of bars of Gold held in Secured Allocated Accounts, published by the 
Issuer on the Issuer's Website; 
Bullion Class 
means all of the Individual Securities of a Class under which the Issuer’s obligations 
to make payment or deliver Gold;  
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions on and subject to which Gold Securities as set out 
in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities; 
Directors 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the Prospectus Date persons whose 
names are listed as such in Section 5 – Description of the Issuer; 
EEA State 
means a member of the European Economic Area; 
EU 
means the European Union; 
Euro or € 
means the euro currency; 
FCA 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom and any successor 
thereto; 
Fixing 
means in relation to gold on any day on which the Relevant Market is open for 
business, the price fixing process or processes conducted under or for the purposes 
of the rules and procedures of the Relevant Association to determine a price for gold 
on that day at that Fixing or any successor price fixing process or processes 
established or authorised by or on behalf of the Relevant Association; 
Fixing Price 
means, in relation to any Fixing for gold, the price determined by the Fixing;

--- Page 34 ---
M-58409406-6 
34 
 
Forward Counterparty 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A, with registered office at 18, rue de Hesse, 1204 
Geneva, Switzerland;  
FSMA 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom; 
Gold  
means the gold held in the Secured Allocated Accounts, which backs the Gold 
Securities; 
Gold Forward Contracts 
means an agreement on transactions on standards and over-the-counter derivatives 
entered into between the Issuer and the Forward Counterparty, together with any 
credit support documentation (including pledges or credit facilities) entered into in 
pursuant to the terms thereof, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time;  
Good Delivery 
means the refining standard and weights of Gold set by the Relevant Association; 
Hedging Fee 
means in respect of a Class of Gold Security where FX hedging is intended to be 
used, the per annum fee payable by the Issuer to the FX Counterparty;  
ICSD 
means an International Central Securities Depositary; 
Individual Securities 
means Gold Securities of a particular Class; 
Issuer Bank Account 
means, in respect of a Class, each cash account established by the Issuer with an 
Eligible Account Bank into which amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer for 
the purpose of effecting Redemptions (including the Issuer Redemption Cash 
Account); 
Metal Reference Price 
means, in respect of Gold, the price of Gold (expressed in USD) published by the 
Relevant Association in respect of such Relevant Association's official London 
pricing time for the Gold or, if there is more than one official pricing time for the Gold, 
the a.m. price or the p.m. price, as applicable; 
MiFID2 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive), 
as amended; 
On-Exchange 
means the trading of Gold Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange; 
OTC Market 
means the global over-the-counter market for the trading of Gold; 
ounces or oz 
means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grams; 
PRA  
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom and any 
successor thereto; 
Programme  
means the programme for the issue of Gold Securities; 
Prospectus  
means this base prospectus of the Issuer;

--- Page 35 ---
M-58409406-6 
35 
 
Prospectus Date  
means the date on which this Base Prospectus is approved by the Central Bank, as 
set out on the first page hereof; 
Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended from time to time; 
PR Regulation  
means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended from time to time; 
Refinery 
means an industrial installation where gold is refined, where the following conditions 
are satisfied: 
(a) the head office of the refinery is located in an OECD country;  
(b) the refinery is a member of the London Bullion Market Association; and 
(c) the refinery sources its gold for the Issuer exclusively from mining 
companies that are World Gold Council members.  
 
Registered Office  
means the registered office of the Issuer being 3rd Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland; 
Regulated Market  
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID2, as amended and/or FSMA, 
as applicable; 
Relevant Market  
means, in respect of gold, the London Metal market; 
RTS Regulation 
means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council with regard to regulatory technical standards on key financial information in 
the summary of a prospectus, the publication and classification of prospectuses, 
advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, and the notification 
portal, as amended from time to time; 
Secured Allocated 
Custody Agreement  
means a secured allocated custody agreement between the Issuer and the 
Custodian, and in respect of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) 
Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities means the Secured 
Allocated Custody Agreement; 
United Kingdom or UK  
means United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
United States or US  
means the United States of America; 
VAT 
means value added tax; 
Vault  
means the secure vault(s) of the Custodian for the secure storage and custody of 
gold located in Geneva, Switzerland; and 
zero coupon  
means a debt instrument with no periodic coupon payments. 
References in this document to a particular time are, unless otherwise stated, references to the time applicable in 
Dublin, Ireland.

--- Page 36 ---
M-58409406-6 
36 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or documents include a 
reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any statute or 
any provision of any statute include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any 
statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or any such modification or re-enactment, in each case 
in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
M-58409406-6 
37 
 
SECTION 4 – PRECIOUS METAL MARKET OVERVIEW  
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
gold, its storage, trade associations or relevant legislation. Prospective purchasers of Gold Securities are 
advised to conduct their own independent investigation of gold or consult with their relevant advisors as 
to the prospects and consequences of a purchase of Gold Securities linked to gold. 
A. 
Description of Physical Gold  
Properties  
Gold is a dense, lustrous, yellow precious metal that has been used for a long period of time as a store of 
value, as a unit of exchange and in jewellery. It is the most malleable and ductile metal known to man such 
that a single gram of gold can be beaten into a sheet of one square metre or a wire one mile long. Gold is a 
good conductor of heat and electricity, and it is unaffected by air, heat, moisture and most solvents. It is 
occasionally found in nuggets, but occurs more commonly as minute grains between mineral grain 
boundaries. Historically, gold was obtained by panning stream beds, but modern extraction techniques can 
economically recover gold from ore grades as low as 0.5 parts per million. Gold was used as a benchmark 
for the world monetary system between 1944 and 1971, when the Bretton Woods agreement fixed the 
world's paper currencies to the U.S. dollar, which in turn was fixed to the price of gold. The collapse of this 
system at the end of 1971 heralded not only freely floating exchange rates but also freely floating gold 
prices. 
Major producers  
Since 1905, South Africa had been the world's largest producer of gold. However, in 2007 China surpassed 
South African production. South African production has suffered from declining ore grades, maturing 
mines, power disruption and labour unrest during the past decade. Today, China, Russia, Australia, the 
United States and Canada account for more than 40 per cent. of the world's annual gold mine production 
(Source: World Gold Council, Metals Focus, 15/6/21). 
Major holders  
Global central banks remain a powerful community in terms of the world gold market. According to 
statistics published by the World Gold Council in June 2021, their combined holdings amounted to 30,778 
tonnes.   
According to those statistics, the largest holder of gold reserves is the United States with 8,133 tonnes, 
equivalent to 78.7 per cent. of the United States' total reserves. The average gold to total reserve ratio 
across all central banks is 14.2 per cent. However, in Europe ratios are significantly higher (with Portugal 
holding the highest gold to total reserve ratio at 78.93 per cent.). 
Major uses  
The majority of gold consumption comes from the jewellery sector, alloys of gold with silver, copper and 
other metals are often used because pure gold is often too soft for ordinary use. When used in jewellery, 
the quality of gold is measured in karats (k), with pure gold being 24k, and lower numbers indicating higher 
copper or silver content, for example. Gold has some industrial uses due to its electrical conductivity, 
resistance to corrosion, reflectiveness, and other physical and chemical properties. It is used in electrical 
connectors and contacts, electronics, restorative dentistry, medical applications, chemistry and 
photography. 
The data referred to in the above sections is sourced from the World Gold Council, 2020

--- Page 38 ---
M-58409406-6 
38 
 
B. 
Operation of the precious metals markets 
Precious metals including gold, silver, platinum and palladium generally trade in the OTC Market on a 24-
hour per day continuous basis. The OTC market includes spot, forwards, options and other derivatives 
transactions. There is also a developed market for exchange traded futures and options on precious 
metals, the most significant futures exchanges being the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade, and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange. 
OTC trades are conducted directly between counter-parties who negotiate (a) their own terms and 
conditions and (b) risk and settlement arrangements. Market makers and other OTC market participants 
trade with each other and clients on a principal-to-principal basis, using relatively flexible terms for quotes, 
price, size, delivery point and other factors. 
The main OTC centres are London, Zurich and New York. Market participants including central banks, 
mining companies, jewellery manufacturers, investors and speculators typically transact in one of these 
markets. Most of the world's bullion dealers are members or associate members of the LBMA and LPPM. 
Gold is not a traded security or other traded obligation, but is a commodity traded over-the-counter and so 
no information can be provided on its terms and conditions.  
OTC liquidity varies throughout the 24-hour trading day. Typically, liquidity is greatest when trading in 
European and US time zones overlaps, which also coincides with futures and options trading on COMEX. 
This period lasts for approximately four hours each New York business day morning. 
C. 
Trading Location  
Although the market for physical gold and silver is distributed globally, most OTC market trades are cleared 
through London. Amongst other things, the LBMA is the trade association that co-ordinates the activities 
conducted in the London bullion market, and acts as the principal point of contact between the market and 
its regulators. The LBMA: 
(a) 
sets refining standards by maintenance of the London Good Delivery Lists (which are the lists of 
the LBMA accredited smelters and assayers of gold and silver);  
(b) 
co-ordinates market clearing and vaulting; 
(c) 
promotes good trading practices; and 
(d) 
develops standard documentation. 
The LBMA publishes a list of specifications for a gold or silver bar to be accepted for trading in the London 
bullion market. This list of specifications is called the "London Good Delivery List" and these requirements 
are set out in "The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars" published by the LBMA. 
D. 
Good Delivery  
The LBMA "Good Delivery List" is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the 
quality of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an 
applicant must satisfy in order to be listed.  
Trading Units  
(a) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.

--- Page 39 ---
M-58409406-6 
39 
 
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become:  
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces  
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces  
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams.  
For gold, this is one fine troy ounce. The unit represents pure gold irrespective of the purity of a 
particular bar. Generally, in relation to gold, all references to ounces mean fine troy ounces.  
(b) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of gold in a bullion bar. It therefore defines the purity of a 
gold bar.  
(c) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The fineness of gold jewellery is usually 
expressed in carats (parts of fine gold per 24). Eighteen-carat jewellery is therefore 750 fine in 
bullion market terms. 
E. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Gold  
The unit for delivery of loco London gold is the London Good Delivery gold bar (LGD gold bar). It must 
have a minimum fineness of 995.0 and a gold content of between 350 and 430 fine troy ounces with the 
bar weight expressed in multiples of 0.025 of an ounce (which is the smallest weight used in the market). 
Bars are generally close to 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms. The LBMA document The Good Delivery Rules 
for Gold and Silver Bars describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Gold 
bars are weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a gold bar, it must "turn the scale" when the 
correct weight is placed on the scale. If a bar does not "turn the scale," then the recorded weight is reduced 
by 0.025 of an ounce.  
"Turn the scale" means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 
0.002 ounce each in favour of the bar.  
Fine gold content refers to the actual quantity of pure gold in a bar and is expressed to three decimal 
places. The fine gold content is calculated by multiplying the recorded gross weight by the fineness (to one 
decimal place). Rounding of the third decimal in the resulting figure is allowed if the fourth decimal prior to 
any rounding is a nine.  
Additionally, each gold bar must bear the following markings:  
(a) 
the serial number;  
(b) 
the assay stamp of refiner;  
(c) 
the fineness (to four significant figures); and  
(d) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits).  
LGD gold bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD gold bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all gold bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform to 
the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA.  
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on https://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery/about-good-delivery.

--- Page 40 ---
M-58409406-6 
40 
 
F. 
Storage 
Allocated Accounts  
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients' names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bars of gold "allocated" to a specific client and segregated from other gold held in the 
vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this gold with the dealer holding it on the client's behalf as custodian. Gold in an 
allocated account does not form part of a gold dealer's assets. Clients' holdings will be identified in a weight 
list of bars showing the unique bar number, gross weight and the assay or fineness of each bar and its fine 
weight. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation of bars to or from the client's 
segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be overdrawn.  
For a description as to how allocated accounts are used in the Programme, see Section 1 – Description of 
the Programme. 
G. 
The Fixing Price 
The London market provides a metal pricing service whereby the fixing price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in each of the Relevant 
Markets took place by telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. Since 2014, 
a number of changes have been implemented to the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion to introduce new 
auction processes. 
Gold  
On 20 March 2015, ICE Benchmark Administration began administering the operation of an electronic, 
tradable and auditable, over-the-counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US Dollars, Euros 
or Sterling for LBMA-authorised participating gold bullion banks or market makers. This auction establishes 
a reference gold price for that day's trading. This auction is the gold valuation replacement selected by the 
LBMA for the "London Gold Fix" previously determined by the London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. that was 
discontinued on 19 March 2015. The new auction process, like the previous gold fixing process, 
establishes and publishes fixed prices for fine troy ounces of gold twice each London trading day during 
fixing sessions beginning at 10.30a.m. and 3:00p.m. (together the LBMA Gold Price). 
Documentation  
London Precious Metals Clearing Limited (the LPMCL) published the standard form of Allocated Precious 
Metals Accounts Agreement (latest versions dated 7 July 2008) setting out the standard terms on which 
custodians hold precious metals in allocated accounts on behalf of clients. These LPMCL standard forms 
have superseded the earlier versions published by the LBMA.  
The LBMA has published a number of other standard documents and agreements which cover the terms 
and conditions for dealing in spot, forward, options and derivatives transactions in the OTC gold market. In 
all dealings in gold the Issuer will, to the extent possible, use the standard LPMCL and LBMA 
documentation, amended as required in connection with the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; Class B (EUR) 
Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities. 
H. 
Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. The PRA at the Bank of England (website: http://www.bankofengland.co.uk) 
is responsible for prudential banking regulation of most of the financial firms that are active in the bullion

--- Page 41 ---
M-58409406-6 
41 
 
market. The PRA works closely with the FCA (website: http://www.fca.org.uk) which is responsible for 
consumer and competition issues. 
Under FSMA, all United Kingdom based banks, together with other investment firms, are subject to a range 
of requirements including capital adequacy, liquidity and systems and controls. Conduct of business in the 
London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type of business. The FCA is 
responsible for "investment business" as defined under FSMA, which for the bullion market covers 
derivatives.  
The requirements upon firms in their dealings with market professionals include those required under 
MiFID2, which became effective on 1 January 2018. For spot, forwards and deposits in gold which are not 
covered by FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of business are set out in The London Code of Conduct for 
Non-Investment Products (the London Code). This London Code has been drawn up by market 
practitioners representing the foreign exchange, money and bullion markets in conjunction with the Bank of 
England. It sets out the standards of conduct and professionalism expected between market practitioners 
and their clients.  
In June 2014, the UK HM Treasury announced a review in relation to the way in which wholesale financial 
markets operate. Following this review the FCA published a policy statement implementing the regulatory 
and supervisory regime for seven additional benchmarks in the fixed income, commodity and currency 
markets to be treated as "regulated benchmarks" in the UK. This included the LBMA Gold Price and 
became effective as of 1 April 2015. The consequence of this meant that administrators responsible for 
these benchmarks will need to be regulated and comply with the relevant FCA regulations. However, this 
did not mean participants involved in auction rounds during the price setting process will be regulated by 
the FCA as they are not considered to be price submitters. 
I. 
Index 
The Metal Entitlement of the Gold Securities is calculated by reference to the Index.  
The conversion into each of Norwegian Krone and Euro respectively is done at a spot price for gold.

--- Page 42 ---
M-58409406-6 
42 
 
SECTION 5 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND ASSOCIATED PROGRAMME PARTIES 
A. 
Information Contained in this Section  
No Programme Party aside from the Issuer has verified the accuracy of the information contained in this 
section. Prospective investors in Gold Securities should conduct their own due diligence on the Issuer.  
B. 
General Information about the Issuer  
The Issuer, EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company, was incorporated in Ireland on 06 
April 2022 as a public limited company under Irish law with registration number 716946. The Issuer has 
been incorporated for an indefinite period. The Issuer is a special purpose company which was established 
for the purpose of issuing asset-backed securities, including Gold Securities backed by the Gold, and 
entering into agreements relating to the Gold Securities and the Gold and such other asset-backed 
exchanged traded securities and the underlying assets thereof.  
The registered office of the Issuer is 3rd Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. The telephone 
number of the Issuer is + 353 1 619 2300. 
The LEI code of the Issuer is 635400PGVHBIRWVOPD40. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of 
the board of the Issuer passed on 01 July 2022.  
C. 
Shareholders and Share Capital  
The shares in the Issuer are all held by Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited, a company 
incorporated in Ireland, and the ownership in the shares is subject to an open trust. Further details of 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited are set out at the section entitled "Administrator", below.  
No other party to the Programme owns or controls the Issuer and the Issuer does not have any subsidiary 
undertakings.  
As at the Prospectus Date, the authorised share capital of the Issuer is €25,000.00 divided into 25,000 
ordinary shares of €1.00 each, of which 6,250 have been issued and paid up to the amount of €6,250.00 
and are held by Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited on trust for charitable purposes. 
D. 
Operations of the Issuer  
The Issuer has been incorporated on 06 April 2022. The end of the Issuer's financial year is 31 December 
and the annual audited accounts will be published each year by 30 April. Half-yearly unaudited account for 
periods ending 30 June will be published annually by the 30 September. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there are three Classes of Gold Securities issued under this programme: the Class A (USD) 
Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities.  
The Issuer has no prior operating history or revenues upon which may be used to evaluate its likely 
performance and the performance of the Gold Securities.  
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Gold Securities will be 
assigned credit ratings. 
The business of the Issuer is limited to the performance of its obligations under any Gold Securities issued 
under the Programme, as detailed in clause 8.22.1(a) of the Master Trust Deed.

--- Page 43 ---
M-58409406-6 
43 
 
Other than the subscription monies received in respect of the issued share capital (to the extent not applied 
in discharge of certain establishment expenses of the Issuer), the Issuer has, and will have, no assets 
other than a small amount of profit received by the Issuer in connection with the issue of each Class of 
Gold Securities.  
The Gold Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and are not guaranteed in any way by any other 
party. 
E. 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer (as at the Prospectus Date) are described below:  
• 
Matthew Tracey; 
• 
Andrew Murphy;  
• 
Catriona Ryan; 
• 
Caroline Gardiner; and 
• 
Tor Andre Svelland. 
F. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer has not been subject to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (or any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since the date of its 
incorporation, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the issuer's financial 
position. 
G. 
Administrator  
The information set out in this section has been obtained from Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
(the Administrator). Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware 
and able to ascertain from information published by the Administrator, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall 
not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Administrator since the 
Prospectus Date, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time 
subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer has appointed the Administrator, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement to carry 
out certain operation functions on behalf of the Issuer with respect, in particular, to the settlement process 
on a Subscription for, or Redemption of, Gold Securities, including the giving of instructions to the 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to transfer Gold into and out of a Secured Account. 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited acts as the corporate administrator of the Issuer. Its duties 
include the provision of directorships and shareholder services, accounting and reporting, regulatory and 
tax compliance and certain transaction management services. The business address of the Administrator is 
Unit 10 & 11, Cahir Road, Cashel, Co. Tipperary, Ireland. 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited also acts as the company secretary of the Issuer.  
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited was incorporated on 27 November 2009 and is licensed by the 
Department of Justice as Trust or Company Services Provider. The company is part of the Waystone 
Group, a global financial services organisation specialising in governance and compliance services that 
retains a focus on high client service levels delivered locally. With over 20 years’ experience and a

--- Page 44 ---
M-58409406-6 
44 
 
comprehensive range of specialist services to its name, Waystone is now servicing assets in excess of 
$1Tn, with over 600 staff across 16 offices in 9 jurisdictions globally, including core jurisdictions of Ireland, 
Luxembourg and the Cayman Islands. Waystone provides a full suite of products surrounding its core 
offering across fund solutions, corporate solutions, and financial solutions.  
H. 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer has appointed the Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited (the Calculation Agent) pursuant 
to the terms of the Administration Agreement to carry out certain calculation functions on behalf of the 
Issuer as more particularly set out in Condition 10.4. 
I. 
Joint Investment Managers 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA, with registered office at 18, rue de Hesse, 1204 Geneva, is a Swiss 
société anonyme incorporated in Switzerland on May 26, 1924. Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA is a 
bank authorized and supervised by the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority FINMA. Its principal business 
is the provision of financial services, including, but not limited to, discretionary portfolio management 
services, investment advisory services and receipt and transmission of orders in relation to financial 
instruments. As a Bank, it is also authorized to operate as manager of collective investment schemes. 
Svelland Capital (UK) Limited 
Svelland Capital (UK Limited, founded in 2016 by Mr Tor Andre Svelland, is a commodities focused 
investment manager with a track record of delivering superior risk-adjusted long term returns with a low or 
negative correlation to equity, fixed income, commodities indices, and a wider basket of hedge funds.  
Svelland Capital (UK) Limited provides commingled and bespoke solutions to institutional investors looking 
to navigate and capture opportunities from structural tailwinds driving value in the commodities sector. 
These include an inexorable transition to a renewable energy future and managing geopolitical shocks and 
risk in energy interdependence.  
J. 
Financial Information  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no financial statements has been produced on the basis that the 
Issuer was incorporated on 06 April 2022. 
The Issuer shall prepare its financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards. 
The Issuer will publish half-yearly financial statements for the period to 30 June and yearly financial 
statements to 31 December for each financial year.  
The Issuer will publish its unaudited half-yearly financial statements by 30 September in each year. The 
Issuer will publish its audited yearly financial statements by 30 April in each year. 
The auditor of the Issuer is EY Ireland with an address at EY Building, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, being a member of Chartered Accountants Ireland.  
The Issuer is a "public-interest entity the business of which is to act as issuer of asset-backed securities" 
(as such term is used in Directive 2006/43/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (the 
Accounts Directive). As noted in "Operations of the Issuer" above, the business of the Issuer consists of 
(i) the issue of Gold Securities and related activity relevant to its obligations towards making payments in 
respect of the Gold Securities. The Issuer is not therefore an operating business and, in accordance with

--- Page 45 ---
M-58409406-6 
45 
 
Article 41.6(c) of the Accounts Directive, does not consider it appropriate to have either an audit committee 
or an administrative or supervisory body entrusted to carry out the functions of an audit committee. 
K. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Andrew Murphy is also a director of Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited, a provider of services to 
the Issuer and the sole shareholder of the Issuer. Matthew Tracey and Catriona Ryan is each an employee 
of Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited.   
While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors do not believe that, as at the 
Prospectus Date, there are any actual conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors and/or 
members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and 
the private interest and/or other duties that such persons may have. Waystone Corporate Services (IE) 
Limited has in place conflicts of interest policies that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest arising 
and mitigate the effect of conflicts of interest, should they arise. 
Caroline Gardiner is also an employee of one of the Joint Investment Managers, being Edmond de 
Rothschild (Suisse) SA. 
Tor Andre Svelland is also a director of one of the Joint Investment Managers, being Svelland Capital (UK) 
Limited. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. In addition, there are no conflicts of interest between members of the administrative, 
management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer and the private interest of such members.  
L.  
Conflicts of Interest involving other Programme Parties  
The role of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. as both Forward Counterparty and (one of the Joint) 
Investment Manager may give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of 
Securityholders. Nevertheless, Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. shall endeavour, so far as they are 
reasonably able, to ensure that any conflict of interest that arises shall be resolved fairly and in the 
interests of Securityholders.

--- Page 46 ---
M-58409406-6 
46 
 
SECTION 6 – DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENTS  
The following is a summary of the key provisions of the main Programme Documents:  
(a) 
the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement; 
(c) 
the Security Deed; 
(d) 
each Authorised Participant Agreement; 
(e) 
the Administration Agreement; 
(f) 
the Investment Management Agreement; 
(g) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement; and 
(h) 
the Account Bank Agreement.  
The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Programme documents and do not purport to be complete 
and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Programme documents. This Base Prospectus, the Trust 
Deed, and the constitutional documents of the Issuer are available in printed form for inspection by Securityholders 
and potential investors at the Registered Office of the Issuer at 3rd Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland, during normal business hours on any Business Day: 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the documents impacts on 
Securityholders is contained throughout this Base Prospectus including in Section 1 – Description of the 
Programme.  
A. 
Trust Deed 
Each Class of Gold Securities will be constituted by a master trust deed dated on or about the Programme 
Effective Date between the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee for the holders of the Gold Securities and the 
other persons specified therein (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, 
(the Master Trust Deed).  
The Master Trust Deed may from time to time be supplemented and/or amended by a supplemental trust 
deed relating to that Class and made between the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time, a Supplemental Trust Deed). The Master Trust Deed and any 
Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Class of Gold Securities are referred to together as the Trust 
Deed. 
Each Trust Deed sets out the obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee in respect of the relevant Class.  
In respect of the Issuer, the Trust Deed sets out, amongst other things: 
(a) 
the Issuer's covenants to pay and to deliver;  
(b) 
provisions relating to the Issuer's duty to provide, prepare and display certain information; 
(c) 
the extent to which the Issuer may delegate its obligations; 
(d) 
the Issuer's duties with respect to its obligations under the Gold Securities; and

--- Page 47 ---
M-58409406-6 
47 
 
(e) 
the Issuer's capacity only to do such things as are contemplated in the Trust Deed.  
In respect of the Trustee, the Trust Deed sets out, amongst other things:  
(a) 
the basis for the Trustee's remuneration; 
(b) 
the indemnification of the Trustee in respect of its duties; 
(c) 
that the Trustee may delegate all or any of its functions in respect of the Gold Securities when it 
considers it expedient and in the interests of the Securityholders; 
(d) 
the conditions for the Trustee's appointment, removal and retirement; and 
(e) 
provisions supplemental to certain statutory provisions which set out the extent of the Trustee's 
powers and its duties. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee is not liable for any loss of, 
diminution in value or theft of the Gold Securities and/or the Gold. 
B. 
Custody Agreements 
The Issuer and the Custodian will enter into a Swiss law governed custody agreement relating to the 
Secured Allocated Accounts for each Class.  
In respect of one or more Classes, the Secured Allocated Account will be established pursuant to the 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement. The Issuer may enter into one Secured Allocated Custody 
Agreement with a Custodian in respect of more than one Class.  
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement 
The Secured Allocated Custody Agreement set out the duties of the Custodian in relation to the relevant 
Class, including (without limitation) the obligation to:  
(a) 
establish and maintain segregated accounts in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant 
Class for the deposit of Gold in allocated form to be held for the Issuer and to facilitate certain 
deposits of Gold into, and withdrawals of Gold out of, such accounts in accordance with the terms 
of the Custody Agreement; and 
(b) 
to segregate the Gold transferred to it or keep any Gold deposited pursuant to the relevant 
Custody Agreement separately identified from that deposited with it in relation to any other Class 
of Gold Securities;  
each such account being part of the Secured Allocated Account. 
Further information about the Custodian and the storage and insurance of the Gold is set out under the 
heading "Contract Structure" in Section 1– Description of the Programme. 
In respect of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) 
Gold Securities, the Issuer and Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. (as Custodian) have entered into the 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, pursuant to which Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. will hold 
the Gold in a Secured Allocated Gold Account.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the Custodian is under no duty or 
obligation to provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the Gold held in the Secured 
Accounts.

--- Page 48 ---
M-58409406-6 
48 
 
Instead, the Custodian will make such insurance arrangements for its own benefit in connection with its 
custodial obligations under the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement as it considers appropriate. The 
Custodian (and not the Issuer) will be solely responsible for all costs, fees and expenses (including any 
relevant taxes) in connection with any such insurance policy. 
C. 
Security Deed 
In respect of each Class, the Issuer and the Security Trustee will enter into an Irish law governed Security 
Deed, creating Security over all of the Secured Property attributable to the Gold Securities for the benefit of 
the Security Trustee and the Securityholders and other Secured Parties.  
The Security Deed will set out, among other things, provisions relating to the creation and enforcement of 
the Security, the appointment of receivers and the rights of the Security Trustee in relation to the Secured 
Property.  
The Security Deed (by reference to the Trust Deed) also contains provisions relating to the Trustee's 
application of the net proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement). 
For further information, please see Section 9 – Security Arrangements and Condition 6 (Security). 
D. 
Authorised Participant Agreements  
The Issuer may enter into authorised participant agreements (to be governed by either English, Irish or 
Norwegian law) with Authorised Participants in relation to each Class of Gold Securities. These 
agreements will set out the terms on which each Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in 
relation to a Class of Gold Securities.  
In particular, an Authorised Participant Agreement will specify the terms on which the relevant Authorised 
Participant may submit Subscription Forms and Redemption Forms and will also set out the terms on which 
an Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver Gold Securities and contains certain representations, 
warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto.  
Each Authorised Participant Agreement will also include indemnities from the relevant Authorised 
Participant relating to the representations and warranties given by it in such agreement. 
Only an Authorised Participant may submit a Subscription Form and the Issuer will only accept any such 
Subscription Form if it is made by an Authorised Participant and all conditions to Subscription are satisfied.  
E. 
Administration Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an Irish law governed Administration Agreement with the Administrator relating 
to the provision of administration services in respect of the Programme and the Gold Securities. 
The Administration Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Administrator in relation to the 
Gold Securities and the basis for its remuneration, liability and indemnification. It also sets out the standard 
of service expected of the Administrator, the procedure for the remediation of any breaches and the 
compensation payable by the Administrator in respect of such breaches. 
Services provided by the Administrator under the terms of the Administration Agreement include: 
(a) 
transaction processing services (including account opening, customer due diligence and the 
processing of Subscriptions);

--- Page 49 ---
M-58409406-6 
49 
 
(b) 
valuation services (including calculation of the Metal Entitlement per Security and the reduction of 
the Metal Entitlement each day by the deduction of the Daily Adjustment). 
Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator is required to provide its services with reasonable 
skill, care and diligence. 
The Administrator will be liable for any losses suffered by the Issuer to the extent arising from the 
negligence, wilful default, bad faith or fraud on the part of the Administrator or any of its officers, 
employees, agents or delegates. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Issuer indemnifies 
the Administrator against, and holds it harmless from all liabilities, damages, costs, claims, and expenses 
(including and without limitation reasonable and properly vouched legal expenses) incurred by the 
Administrator in the performance of any of its obligations or duties under the Administration Agreement.  
Each of the Issuer and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement by giving at least six 
(6) months prior written notice.  
On the termination of the Administration Agreement for any reason, the Administrator will cooperate with 
the Issuer and any replacement service provider, acting in good faith, and provide such reasonable 
assistance and information as may be necessary or appropriate in order to facilitate and implement an 
orderly transition of the administration services. 
F. 
Investment Management Agreement 
The Investment Management Agreement between the Issuer and the Joint Investment Managers sets out 
terms on which the Joint Investment Managers undertake to provide certain management services to the 
Issuer in connection with the Gold Securities.  
These services include:  
(a) 
such services as are required by the Issuer and requested of and accepted by the Joint 
Investment Managers from time to time in connection with the Programme; 
(b) 
in connection with the issue of the Gold Securities, advising on the structural features of such Gold 
Securities, including advising on the structure, drafting and content of any Programme 
Documents, related service agreements, and any other arrangements in connection with the 
operation and establishment of the Programme and the issue of Gold Securities under such 
Programme;  
(c) 
liaising with and coordinating, as appropriate, with any service provider to the Issuer in respect of 
the issue Gold Securities from time to time including but not limited to professional such as legal 
advisors and accountants; 
(d) 
recommending potential Custodians, Authorised Participants and Metal Agents to the Issuer and 
arranging for such counterparties to enter into transactions with the Issuer including negotiation of 
the terms of such transactions; 
(e) 
assisting the Issuer in applying for and attaining any requisite approvals, consents and 
authorisations required in relation to marketing, offering, selling and trading the Gold Securities, 
including assisting the Issuer in applying for approval of this Base Prospectus from the Central 
Bank of Ireland; passporting the approved Prospectus to other EEA competent authorities; and 
listing the Gold Securities; 
(f) 
the purchasing and selling of Gold (including the negotiation of all contracts relating thereto);

--- Page 50 ---
M-58409406-6 
50 
 
(g) 
maintenance of the relevant product pages for any Gold Securities issued, as well as the issue of 
investor communications for any Gold Securities issued; and 
(h) 
the making of certain calculations and determinations in relation to the Gold Securities and the 
giving of such notices of the outcome thereunder as expressly required to be performed under the 
Programme including: 
(i) 
determination of a Disruption Event in accordance with terms of the Programme, without any 
obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(ii) 
notification of the end of a Suspension Period as require under the Programme.  
(i) 
The Issuer acknowledges that the Joint Investment Managers are not authorised by the Central 
Bank of Ireland in connection with its provision of the services pursuant to the Investment 
Management Agreement and the Issuer will not require the Joint Investment Managers to provide, 
and the Joint Investment Managers shall not provide or agree to provide to the Issuer, any 
services which would require it to be so authorised unless and until such authorisation has been 
obtained.  
On the termination of the Investment Management Agreement for any reason, each of the Joint Investment 
Managers will cooperate with the Issuer and any replacement service provider, acting in good faith, and 
provide such reasonable assistance and information as may be necessary or appropriate in order to 
facilitate and implement an orderly transition of the services provided for in the Investment Management 
Agreement. 
G. 
Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement 
The Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent sets out terms on which the Issuing and Paying Agent is appointed for the Programme and the 
duties and obligations of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
These duties include: (i) acting as the paying agent of the Issuer with respect to such payments on 
Redemption or any other payments in respect of the Gold Securities notified to the Issuer; (ii) maintaining 
independent records of securities; (iii) communicating information to the relevant International Central 
Securities Depositary; (iv) issuing and authenticating new securities for transfer of securities as a result of a 
subscription; and (v) maintaining ownership record for registered notes. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement provides that payment in respect of the Gold Securities will be 
made through the relevant International Central Securities Depositary in accordance with the standard 
practices of the applicable International Central Securities Depositary. 
The Issuer shall provide the Issuing and Paying Agent with all information in relation to the Gold Securities 
that is required for the Issuing and Paying Agent to perform its duties, including providing payment 
instructions. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement can be terminated by any party upon not less than 60 days' 
written notice. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been appointed as 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
H. 
Account Bank Agreement 
Under and in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, the Account Bank has opened 
and will maintain accounts for the Issuer for the purpose of receiving proceeds from a Gold Sale in the

--- Page 51 ---
M-58409406-6 
51 
 
event of an Optional Redemption or Compulsory Redemption by way of Gold Sale. Such accounts 
constitute Secured Property under the Security Deed. 
The Account Bank Agreement can be terminated by any party upon not less than 30 days' written notice. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been appointed as 
Account Bank.

--- Page 52 ---
M-58409406-6 
52 
 
SECTION 7 – USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Class of Gold Securities will be an amount of Gold which will ultimately 
be held in the Secured Accounts in respect of such Class. Such Gold shall be used to meet the Issuer’s 
obligations under such Class of Gold Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
M-58409406-6 
53 
 
SECTION 8 – DETERMINING THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN GOLD SECURITIES  
A. 
Rights of Securityholders  
Each Gold Security benefits from equal rights and payment and equal security, without any preference 
amongst themselves. 
Each Gold Security has a face value known as the "Principal Amount". A Securityholder may elect to 
receive an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount instead of the amount otherwise specified on a 
Redemption, as detailed in Condition 4 (Constitution and Status). The Principal Amount in respect of a 
Class of Gold Securities will be set out in the Final Terms. For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
the Principal Amount of each Gold Security of a Class shall be regarded as the minimum Denomination of 
such Gold Security.  
B. 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Class has a separate Metal Entitlement per Security. The Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of 
the Initial Tranche of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class 
C (NOK) Gold Securities shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms for each issuance of each tranche of 
Gold Securities. The issue price is the Metal Entitlement per Security and will be determined before filing of 
the applicable Final Terms of each Class based on the prevailing market conditions. 
Each Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to receipt of the Metal Entitlement per Security.  
The value of a Securityholder's investment is equivalent to the amount in fine troy ounces of Gold that they 
would receive upon a Redemption (i.e. the applicable Metal Entitlement). This is calculated by multiplying 
the Metal Entitlement per Security by the number of Gold Securities to be redeemed (less applicable fees). 
C. 
Calculation of the Metal Entitlement per Security 
The Metal Entitlement per Security on a calendar day is calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
MEi,t = MEi,t-1 x (DHVi,t – DAt) 
 
MEi,t 
is the Metal Entitlement for a Gold Security of the relevant class on the day on which the Metal 
Entitlement is calculated; 
MEi,t–1 
is the Metal Entitlement for a Gold Security of the relevant class on the previous day on which a 
Metal Entitlement was calculated; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Gold Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated; 
t-1 
refers to the previous day on which a Metal Entitlement was calculated; 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Gold Securities of the relevant class on the day on 
which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated; and 
DAt 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Gold Securities of the relevant class on the day on 
which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated. 
The resultant figure is calculated to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 fine troy ounces rounded 
upwards, and subject to a floor of zero. During the term of a Class of Gold Securities, the Issuer will publish

--- Page 54 ---
M-58409406-6 
54 
 
on the Issuer's Website the Metal Entitlement per Security on each calendar day up to and including the 
relevant Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of all Outstanding Gold Securities of such Class.  
D. 
The Daily Hedging Variation element of the formula 
The Daily Hedging Variation is a number calculated each day in accordance with the formula set out in 
Condition 5.3. It is a positive or negative adjustment expressed in metal terms on a particular day which 
represents the change in the level of the index which tracks the variation in the exchange rate between US 
Dollars and the currency of denomination of the relevant Class of Gold Securities (the Index). 
So, if on one day the level of the Index were to decrease from 10,000 oz. to 9,900 oz. the Daily Hedging 
Variation would be: 
 
This fall in the Index would result from a fall in the exchange rate of the relevant currency against the US 
Dollar but there could also have been an increase in the level of the Index had there been an increase in the 
exchange rate of the relevant currency against the US Dollar. Pricing will be published through the 
Relevant Stock Exchange and through Bloomberg.  
E.  
The Daily Adjustment element of the formula  
The Daily Adjustment is also calculated each day, using the formula set out in Condition 5.4. The effect of 
this formula is to determine the amounts in respect of fees attributable to a particular Class of Gold 
Securities to be deducted on a particular day or for the period of days between the calculation and the last 
time the Metal Entitlement was calculated (for example, the calculation of the Daily Adjustment on a 
Monday would include amounts in respect of the fees which were applicable on Saturday and Sunday). 
It does this by adding together the Management Fee (payable by the Issuer to the Investment Managers) 
and (if applicable) the Hedging Fee (payable by the Issuer to the FX Counterparty) for the relevant day(s). 
The Management Fee is converted into a daily rate by taking the Management Fee and dividing it by the 
number of days in the year. 
The Hedging Fee for the relevant days(s) is represented by the Daily Hedging Rate. This is an amount that 
will be published on the website of the Issuer each day and is calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5 
based on the Hedging Fees charged by the FX Counterparties (at present there are no FX Counterparties). 
The Daily Adjustment is obtained by multiplying the sum of the daily management fee and the Daily 
Hedging Rate by the number of days since the last Metal Entitlement was calculated. 
So, if the Management Fee was 0.25 per cent. per annum, the Daily Hedging Rate was 0.00068 per cent., 
the Metal Entitlement was last calculated yesterday and there were 365 days in the calendar year in which 
the calculation was being carried out, then the Daily Adjustment for today would be: 
 
Converting Metal Entitlement into a price

--- Page 55 ---
M-58409406-6 
55 
 
Whilst Gold Securities are constituted, issued and redeemed by the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement, it is 
also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Gold Securities in US Dollars was on a particular day. 
This is done using the spot price on that day. 
The spot price and Metal Entitlement are then used in the following formula to convert the Metal 
Entitlement into a price: 
P(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
To calculate the price on a particular day (represented in the formula above by P(i,t)) the spot price 
(represented in the formula by S(i,t)) is multiplied by the Metal Entitlement that day to create a figure in US 
Dollars. For example, if the spot price of gold on that day was $1,200 and the Metal Entitlement was 0.01, 
then applying these figures to the calculation above would create a price of $12. 
Worked Example of the Calculation of the Metal Entitlement  
In order to calculate the Metal Entitlement on a particular day (day t), if the Metal Entitlement of a "Class X" 
Gold Security on the previous day (day t-1) was 1oz, and on the day the Metal Entitlement is being 
calculated (day t) the Daily Hedging Variation is 0.9900 and the Daily Adjustment is 0.0015 per cent., then 
the Metal Metal Entitlement of "Class X" Gold Security would be calculated using the formula as follows: 
MEi,t = MEi,t–1 X (DHVi,t – DAt ) 
If: 
MEi,t–1 = 1 
DHVi,t = 0.9900 
DAt = 0.000015 
Then:  MEi,t = 0.989985 
The Metal Entitlement of "Class X" Gold Security on day t is therefore 0.989958 oz.  
The Metal Entitlement for each class of Gold Security in issue will be published on the Issuer’s website 
along with the Daily Hedging Rate to enable an investor to calculate the Metal Entitlement for a particular 
day. 
How the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is affected by the changes in the value of the 
underlying Bullion 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a Gold Security is affected under 3 
different examples of normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future 
performance of the Gold Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have 
been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Gold Security for one day; 
• 
1 Gold Security is bought from a broker at a price of €1,000; 
• 
The spot price of the physical gold on the day the security is bought is USD$1,000; 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Gold Securities during the investment 
period; and

--- Page 56 ---
M-58409406-6 
56 
 
• 
The Metal Entitlement on the next day (being the day the security is sold) is 0.999985. 
Scenario 1: Example of how the price of a Gold Security is affected if the value of the Bullion increases 
On the next day (being the day that the security is sold): 
• 
The spot price of the physical gold increases to $1,100.  
• 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Gold Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
Price(i,t) = 1100 x 0.999985 
Price(i,t) = €1,099.98 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has gained €99.98 from his/her initial investment the previous day.  
Scenario 2: Example of how the price of a Gold Security is affected if the value of the Bullion decreases 
On the next day (being the day that the security is sold): 
• 
The spot price of the physical gold decreases to $900.  
• 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Gold Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
Price(i,t) = 900 x 0.999985 
Price(i,t) =  €899.99 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has lost €100.01 from his/her initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the price of a Gold Security is affected if the value of the Bullion remains the 
same 
On the next day (being the day that the security is sold): 
• 
The spot price of the physical gold remains at $1,000.  
• 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Gold Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
Price(i,t) = 1000 x 0.999985 
Price(i,t) = €999.98

--- Page 57 ---
M-58409406-6 
57 
 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has lost €0.02 from his/her initial investment the previous day.  
F. 
Interest  
The Gold Securities are entitled to a return equal to the Metal Entitlement per Security.  
G. 
Redemption Fee 
With the exception of an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder (in which 
case the Non-AP Securityholder must pay the Redemption Fee (and, where applicable, the Administrative 
Fee) prior to the Trade Date in accordance with Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms)), it is a condition that 
the Issuer, in performance of its obligation to Redeem Gold Securities, may deduct the Redemption Fee 
from the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds or other amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. The 
calculation of the Redemption Fee is dependent on the type of Securityholder that is redeeming and/or the 
type of Redemption.  
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant, 
the Redemption Fee will be the amount specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
On a Compulsory Redemption for Cause in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for 
Cause), the Redemption Fee payable by the Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the cost to the 
Issuer incurred in respect of the Compulsory Redemption. The Redemption Fee will be notified to the 
relevant Securityholder(s) at the time of the Compulsory Redemption, and shall not be greater than 2% of 
the gold value or such other amount as may be notified in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Redemption Fee payable 
by the Non-AP Securityholder shall be an amount equal to: 
(a) 
in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form relating (or 
Redemption forms, over a single period of three months, which cumulatively relate) to an amount 
of Gold being greater than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the 
Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the 
gold value being redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the Administrative Fee, which may be waived at the discretion of the Issuer.  
(b) 
in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form relating to 
an amount of Gold being equal to or less than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the 
Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the 
gold value being redeemed. 
Subject to the below in respect of a Gold Sale, any such Redemption Fee shall be payable in cash and 
shall not be capable of being set-off against any amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. 
On a Gold Sale, the Issuer may set-off the amount of the Redemption Fee payable under Condition 7.5 
(Redemption Fee) against the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or other amount due to 
the Securityholder on Redemption. If Issuer fails to do so, the Securityholder shall pay the Redemption Fee 
in cash in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee).  
H. 
Metal Agent Deductions

--- Page 58 ---
M-58409406-6 
58 
 
On a Gold Sale, the Metal Agent is permitted to deduct the following from the Actual Redemption Sale 
Proceeds:  
(a) 
taxes arising from or in connection with the sale of the Gold; and  
(b) 
any other amounts properly incurred by it in connection with such sale; and 
(and in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management Agreement will not be liable to account 
for anything except the actual proceeds of any such sale received by it after such deduction).

--- Page 59 ---
M-58409406-6 
59 
 
SECTION 9 – SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS  
Qualifications  
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary of certain 
provisions of the Security Deed and Security Documents relating to the Gold Securities, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of those agreements.  
The following summary does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors in Gold Securities must refer to 
the Security Deed and the Security Documents and the detailed information contained in such documents. 
Security 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of a Class of Gold Securities are secured by the Security created by the 
Security Deed. The Security created by the Security Deed in respect of the Gold Securities is granted to the 
Security Trustee as continuing security for the payment of the relevant Secured Liabilities (as such term is 
described in the Security Deed). 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the obligations of the Issuer relating to each Class of Gold Securities shall be 
secured in favour of the Security Trustee acting for and on behalf of the Securityholders and the other Secured 
Parties, by: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit present and future 
in, to and under each Gold Forward Contracts, the Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreements, the 
Investment Management Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Issuer Bank Account (the 
Agreements and the Issuer Bank Accounts ) (such assignment being the Security Assignment);  
(b) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the Security Assignment) first fixed charge 
for the benefit of the Secured Parties all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to 
the Agreements and the Accounts, such charge to take effect by way of first fixed security (the Fixed 
Charge); and 
(c) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the Security Assignment or charged by way 
of the Fixed Charge) first floating charge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties all 
the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the Agreements and the Accounts, such 
charge to take effect by way of first floating security. 
Enforcement of Security  
The Security constituted by a Security Deed shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
(such events being set out in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default).  
At any time after the Security constituted by a Security Document has become enforceable, the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
may at its discretion; and  
(b) 
shall, if so directed by the Trustee following the occurrence of at least one of the following events: 
(i) 
a direction in writing to the Trustee by the holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold 
Securities of the relevant Class; or  
(ii) 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders of the relevant Class;

--- Page 60 ---
M-58409406-6 
60 
 
(in each such case subject to it having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified (without 
prejudice to any further demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection 
with acting on such directions); 
enforce the Security constituted by such Security Document. 
To enforce the Security, the Security Trustee may, at its discretion: 
(a) 
enforce any relevant Programme Document relating to the Gold Securities of such Class in 
accordance with its or their terms; and/or 
(b) 
take action against the Issuer; and/or  
(c) 
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured Property; and/or 
(d) 
sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of such Secured Property 
in such manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual 
Securityholders. 
When exercising its right in this regard, the Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the relevant 
Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Securityholders, which may have an adverse impact on certain Securityholders more than others. 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or recovered from such 
enforcement action of the Security Trustee and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the 
subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Documents in the applicable order of priority set out in 
Condition 6.3 (Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) (as replicated below). 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets 
that are the subject of the Security constituted by the Security Documents in accordance with the priority waterfall 
set out in Condition 6.3 (Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), in accordance with which all monies 
received or recovered by the Trustee under the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the 
realisation of the assets by the Security Trustee that are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant 
Security Documents, in each case in relation to the Gold Securities of the relevant Class, will be applied as 
follows:  
(a) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts properly 
incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the Security Trustee or any 
receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security Documents (which shall include, 
without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee (other than 
any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s 
remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security 
Documents and the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or 
realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security Deed); 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts due pursuant to the Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement and Account Bank Agreement (including payment of any amounts owing 
for reimbursement in respect of any proper payment of amounts paid to Securityholders and default 
interest (if any) made to the Securityholders); 
(c) 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably;  
(d) 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to the Joint Investment Managers; and

--- Page 61 ---
M-58409406-6 
61 
 
(e) 
fifth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 62 ---
M-58409406-6 
62 
 
SECTION 10 – WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE FINAL TERMS?  
In this section the expression "necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Gold Securities of 
any Class, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Gold 
Securities.  
In relation to any Gold Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to 
include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to such Gold 
Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Gold Securities. 
Any information relating to any Gold Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Gold Securities will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of each Tranche of Gold Securities, the related Final Terms must, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Gold Securities are the Conditions, as completed by the related Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
M-58409406-6 
63 
 
SECTION 11 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF GOLD SECURITIES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented, modified or varied in accordance with the provisions of the Final Terms relating to a particular 
Class or Tranche of Gold Securities, will be applicable to the Gold Securities of such Class or Tranche and which 
will be attached to or endorsed on such Gold Securities in definitive form (or, in the case of Registered Securities, 
on the Individual Certificates relating to such Registered Securities).  
Unless the context requires otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to "Gold Securities" are to the 
Gold Securities of one Class only, not to all Gold Securities which may be issued under the Programme from time 
to time. 
The Gold Securities are issued under the Physical Gold Securities Programme of the Issuer (the Programme). In 
respect of a Class of Gold Securities, the Gold Securities of such Class will be constituted by (i) a master trust 
deed dated on or about the date hereof and made between, amongst others, Waystone Corporate Services (IE) 
Limited and the Issuer (the Trustee, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)), as trustee for the holders of the Gold Securities and the other 
persons specified therein (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the Master 
Trust Deed); and (ii) any supplemental trust deed in respect of such Class of Gold Securities which shall be dated 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Gold Securities of such Class and made between, among others, the Issuer 
and the Trustee (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, a Supplemental Trust 
Deed). The Master Trust Deed and any Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Class of Gold Securities are 
referred to together as the Trust Deed. These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.  
The obligations of the Issuer under each Class of Gold Securities are secured by way of a security deed in respect 
of that Class of Gold Securities over the Secured Property that relates to that Class of Gold Securities between, 
among others, the Issuer and Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited acting in its capacity as the security 
trustee (the Security Trustee, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the security trustee or 
security trustees under the applicable Security Deed (as defined below)) (each, as amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time, a Security Deed). 
Copies of the Master Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, each Security Deed and each Custody 
Agreement (as defined below) are available for inspection during business hours by prior appointment at the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
The Securityholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, each 
Custody Agreement, each Security Deed, and each of the other Programme Documents (as defined below) which 
are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms (as defined below) issued in respect of a 
Class or Tranche of Gold Securities held by such Securityholders. 
The terms and conditions of a Class of Gold Securities will be the terms and conditions as set out below and as 
completed by the Final Terms applicable thereto (as defined below). Such Final Terms may specify other terms 
and conditions which will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these terms and conditions, 
replace and/or modify these terms and conditions for the purposes of that Class of Gold Securities. References 
herein to the Conditions of the Gold Securities are to these terms and conditions as so replaced and/or modified 
by the Final Terms applicable to that Class of Gold Securities. 
1 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:

--- Page 64 ---
M-58409406-6 
64 
 
Account Bank means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, and any Eligible Account Bank that 
has entered into an Account Bank Agreement with the Issuer; 
Account Bank Agreement means an agreement dated the date hereof between the Account Bank and 
the Issuer governing the operation of the Issuer Redemption Cash Account; 
Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds means with respect to a Gold Sale, an amount in the Relevant 
Currency equal to the total sale proceeds received for the Gold sold in connection with a Gold Sale; 
Adjustment Sum means an amount (being an amount not equal to nor greater than one kilogram) of Gold 
in monetary terms (denominated in the currency of the relevant Class of Gold Securities) calculated as of 
the Trade Date, that the relevant Securityholder is not entitled to, where the quantity that the Securityholder 
is entitled to is calculated in accordance with the Metal Entitlement per Security (calculated in accordance 
with clause 5.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Gold Securities) and represents the amount of Gold 
between the entire quantity of Gold to which the Securityholder is entitled and the nearest whole kilogram;   
Administration Agreement means the administration agreement dated on or about the date hereof 
between the Issuer and the Administrator as may be amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from 
time to time;  
Administrative Fee means a monetary fee, for the account of the Joint Investment Managers, equal to 5% 
(five per cent) of the value of the Gold Securities being redeemed as valued on the Trade Date;    
Administrator means Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited and any successor or replacement 
thereto or any other entity appointed as administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement; 
Agent Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.1 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Agents means any Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Administrator, any Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Metal Agent, the Calculation Agent or any of them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time 
to time in relation to the Gold Securities under any Administration Agreement, any Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement, or any other agreement with the Issuer under which an agent is appointed from time to 
time in relation to the Gold Securities, as applicable, and any successor or replacement and Agent means 
any of them; 
Authorised Participant means any bank or financial institution that is party to an Authorised Participant 
Agreement;  
Authorised Participant Agreement means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as may be amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant; 
Balancing Sum means an amount (being an amount not equal to nor greater than one kilogram) of Gold in 
monetary terms (denominated in the currency of the relevant Class of Gold Securities) calculated as of the 
Trade Date, that the relevant Securityholder is entitled to, where the quantity that the Securityholder is 
entitled to is calculated in accordance with the Metal Entitlement per Security (calculated in accordance 
with clause 5.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Gold Securities) and represents the amount of Gold 
between the entire quantity of Gold to which the Securityholder is entitled and the nearest whole kilogram;   
Bearer Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Business Day means, in respect of any Gold Securities, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
public holiday) on which commercial banks are open to settle payments in Dublin and Geneva;

--- Page 65 ---
M-58409406-6 
65 
 
Certificated or Certificated Form means not in uncertificated form; 
CGN means a Global Security in classic global note form;  
Class means all Gold Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including the Initial 
Tranche and any Further Tranche; 
Class Issue Date means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Class of Gold Securities, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Clearing System Business Day means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for the 
purpose of effecting settlement of Gold Securities; 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any successor thereto; 
Common Depositary means, in relation to a Class of Gold Securities issued in CGN form, the common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, appointed in respect of such Class; 
Common Safekeeper means, in relation to a Class of Gold Securities issued in NGN form or in the new 
safekeeping structure, the common safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, appointed in respect of such 
Class; 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a Class of Gold 
Securities, the number of Outstanding Gold Securities of that Class, which, in relation to each Business 
Day on which Gold Securities of that Class are required to be Redeemed by Gold Sale in accordance with 
Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process) with the sale of Gold taking place on that day, shall be; 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Sale Number is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each case of the 
relevant Class), the Compulsory Sale Number; 
(b) 
otherwise, the amount shall be the Redemption Limit on the first and each successive Business 
Day thereafter except on the last such Business Day when the amount shall be the Compulsory 
Sale Number minus the sum of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number for each preceding 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date for that Class in relation to the Compulsory Redemption; 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date means in respect of any Gold Securities and a Compulsory Redemption, the 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date and each required successive Business Day on which the Compulsory 
Daily Sale Number is a number greater than zero; 
Compulsory Redemption means a Redemption of Gold Securities in accordance with Condition 8 
(Compulsory Redemption); 
Compulsory Redemption Date means the date designated as such in accordance with Condition 8.1 
(Issuer Call Redemption Event), Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events), Condition 8.3 (Events of 
Default) or Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) (as the case may be); 
Compulsory Redemption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.6 (Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date); 
Compulsory Sale Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a Class of Gold Securities, 
where such Compulsory Redemption Date is designated in accordance with:

--- Page 66 ---
M-58409406-6 
66 
 
(a) 
Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event), the total number of Gold Securities of that Class 
Outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory 
Redemption Date or such other number of such Gold Securities as may be called for Redemption 
in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice; 
(b) 
Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events) or Condition 8.3 (Events of Default), the total 
number of Gold Securities of that Class Outstanding as at the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(c) 
Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the total number of Gold Securities of that 
Class held by the Securityholder where the Issuer notifies the Securityholder that Gold Securities 
of such Class are to be subject to Compulsory Redemption;  
Conditions means these terms and conditions as may be replaced and/or modified by the Final Terms 
applicable to that Class of Gold Securities; 
Custody Agreements means such agreements providing for the custody of Gold relating to each Class of 
Gold Securities entered into by the Issuer and a Custodian as such Custody Agreement may amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time; 
Custody Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption Events); 
Daily Adjustment in respect of a class of Gold Securities and a Pricing Day is the value determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.4; 
Daily Hedging Rate in respect of a class of Gold Securities and a Pricing Day is the value determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.5; 
Daily Hedging Variation in respect of a class of Gold Securities and a Pricing Day is the value determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.3; 
Default Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default); 
Denomination means, in respect of a Gold Security, an amount equal to its Principal Amount; 
Definitive Securities means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement Gold 
Security issued pursuant to these Conditions; 
Calculation Agent means, in respect of a Class, any entity appointed as calculation agent in accordance 
with the terms of the Administration Agreement and, as at the date hereof, means Waystone Corporate 
Services (IE) Limited; 
Calculation Agent Breach has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6.2 (Calculation Agent); 
Custodian means Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. and any successor or replacement thereto; 
Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 (Disruption Events); 
Eligible Account Bank means any reputable bank, financial institution or credit institution operating in the 
EEA; 
EUI means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCO Limited) incorporated in 
England and Wales under number 2878738;

--- Page 67 ---
M-58409406-6 
67 
 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto; 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default); 
Exchange Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1 (Exchange of Bearer Securities); 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Master Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, 
provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate number of the Gold Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
held in accordance with the Master Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Master Trust Deed; 
Final Terms means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the Gold Securities; 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date means in respect of any Gold Securities and a Compulsory 
Redemption, the fifth Business Day following the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Gold 
Securities;  
Further Tranche means any Tranche of a Class of Gold Securities issued after the Class Issue Date in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Issue of Further Tranches and Classes of Gold Securities); 
FX Agreement means an FX agreement entered into between the Issuer and an FX Counterparty relating 
only to those Classes of Gold Securities where FX hedging is intended to be used;  
FX Counterparty means the FX counterparty relating only to those Classes of Gold Securities where FX 
hedging is intended to be used;  
Global Bearer Security means the Gold Securities in bearer form represented by a global security; 
Global Registered Certificate means a global certificate representing Gold Securities in registered form; 
Global Security means a Global Bearer Security or a Global Registered Certificate; 
Gold Delivery means in relation to a Redemption of any Gold Securities, settlement of the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Redemption by delivery of an amount of Gold equal to the Metal Entitlement 
of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the nearest kilogram); 
Gold Sale means in relation to the Optional Redemption (by one or more Securityholders) or the 
Compulsory Redemption of any Gold Securities, settlement of the Issuer's obligations in respect of such 
Redemption by sale of an amount of Gold equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Gold Securities and 
payment of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds as more particularly provided for in Condition 7.8 (Gold 
Sale) or Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process) (as the case may be);  
Gold Sale Date means: 
(a) 
with respect to an Optional Redemption to be effected by Gold Sale pursuant to Condition to 
7.8.2(a) to 7.8.2(b) (Gold Sale), the second Business Day following the Trade Date;  
(b) 
with respect to an Optional Redemption to be effected by Gold Sale pursuant to Condition 7.8.1(c) 
(Gold Sale), the second Business Day following the Business Day on which the Metal Entitlement 
per Security is determined; and  
(c) 
with respect to a Compulsory Redemption, each Compulsory Gold Sale Date;

--- Page 68 ---
M-58409406-6 
68 
 
Gold Securities means the Class of Gold Securities (and each a Gold Security) to which these 
Conditions relates or, as the context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme; 
Individual Certificate means, in respect of Registered Securities, a definitive certificate in registered form 
representing such Registered Securities; 
Index means in respect of a Class of Gold Securities, the LBMA Gold Price Fix at 3p.m. London time;  
Index Business Day means in respect of the Index a day on which the Index is scheduled to be, and has 
been, published; 
Index Disruption means a Pricing Day where the Index has not been published; 
Initial Metal Entitlement means, in respect of a Class of Gold Securities, the Metal Entitlement on the 
Class Issue Date which will be specified in relevant Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities for 
such Class; 
Initial Tranche means the first Tranche of a Class of Gold Securities issued; 
Investment Management Agreement means the agreement between the Issuer and the Joint Investment 
Managers dated on or about the date hereof in respect of the provision of discretionary management 
services by the Joint Investment Managers to the Issuer in connection with the Programme, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time or any replacement agreement which the Issuer may enter into from 
time to time, in respect of the provision of such services; 
Issue Date means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final Terms relating to 
such Tranche; 
Issuer means EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company, a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with company number 716946 whose registered office is at 3rd Floor, 
76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland; 
Issuer Call Redemption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption 
Event); 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption 
Event); 
Issuer Insolvency Event means each of the Events of Default set out at Condition 8.3.3 (Events of 
Default) and Condition 8.3.4 (Events of Default);  
Issuer Redemption Cash Account means in respect of a Class of Gold Securities, an account or 
accounts opened with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer and operated by the Issuer into which 
amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purpose of effecting Redemptions and Compulsory 
Redemptions are paid from time to time including any Net Redemption Sale Proceeds; 
Issuer Redemption Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.4 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Issuer's 
Website 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com or such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and 
notified to Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices);

--- Page 69 ---
M-58409406-6 
69 
 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Issuer that provides for 
the appointment of any person as Issuing and Paying Agent; 
Issuing and Paying Agent means in respect of a Class, any entity appointed as issuing and paying agent 
of the Issuer in respect of such Class; 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association and any replacement or successor thereto;  
Loss means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs and 
expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, 
fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim;  
Management Fee means the management fee payable by the Issuer to Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) 
S.A. and Svelland Capital (UK) Limited in accordance for the provision of discretionary management 
services and the administration services (including (but not limited to) the operation of the Gold Forward 
Contracts) in relation to the Programme, as set out in the Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted 
from time to time;  
Metal Agent means, as at the date hereof, in relation to each Class of Gold Securities, Edmond de 
Rothschild (Suisse) S.A.; 
Metal Entitlement means in respect of a calendar day and a number of Gold Securities of a Class, a 
return which is equal to an amount of Gold equal to the Metal Entitlement per Security with respect to that 
Class multiplied by that number; 
Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of a Class of Gold Security, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5 (Metal Entitlement per Security); 
Net Redemption Sale Proceeds means in respect of a Gold Sale, an amount denominated in the 
Relevant Currency equal to the sum of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds less all amounts which the 
Metal Agent is entitled to deduct from the proceeds of sale in accordance with Condition 7.8.6 (Gold Sale) 
or Condition 8.5.6 (Compulsory Redemption Process) (as the case may be); 
NGN has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Non-AP Securityholder means a Securityholder that is not also an Authorised Participant; 
Non-Disrupted Day means each day that is a Business Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which 
falls within a Suspension Period; 
Notice Deadline means 3.00p.m. (Dublin) time, provided that the Notice Deadline in respect of any Class 
of Gold Securities may be adjusted by agreement between the Issuer and the Custodian with effect from 
the fifth calendar day following the date on which notice of such adjustment is given to the holders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); 
Obligor means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property; 
Optional Redemption means the Redemption of Gold Securities at the option of one or more 
Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7 (Redemption); 
Outstanding means, for the purposes of the Conditions, Trust Deed and Security Deed, in relation to the 
Gold Securities and a day: 
(a) 
on the Class Issue Date, the Gold Securities issued on such day; and

--- Page 70 ---
M-58409406-6 
70 
 
(b) 
on any day thereafter, all the Gold Securities issued on or prior to such day except: 
(i) 
those that have been Redeemed in accordance with Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption);  
(ii) 
those that have been cancelled for any reason;  
(iii) those in respect of which the date for Redemption has occurred and the Redemption monies 
have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent and which remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Gold Securities;  
(iv) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(v) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised 
Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not delivered in 
full the relevant Subscription Amount under the Authorised Participant Agreement;  
(vi) those in respect of which a Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date or Redemption 
Settlement Date has occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be) has received in full Gold from the Custodian 
or cash from the Metal Agent (as applicable and as the case may be);  
(vii) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8.1 (Issuer 
Call Redemption Event);  
(viii) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Bearer Securities;  
(ix) (for the purpose only of determining how many Gold Securities are Outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Securities alleged to have been 
lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Gold Securities have been 
issued; and  
(x) 
any Global Bearer Security to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the purposes of (1) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the 
determination of how many Gold Securities are Outstanding for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and each Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, 
power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by 
reference to the interests of the Securityholders, those Gold Securities that are beneficially 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be 
deemed not to remain Outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, Gold Securities (if any) 
which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such day to Redeem but in respect of which the 
Metal Entitlement or Net Redemption Sale Proceeds has not yet been delivered to or paid in 
full to the Issuer (or the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable) shall be 
deemed to be "Outstanding" on such day and Gold Securities (if any) which the Issuer has 
agreed on or prior to such day to issue but in respect of which delivery of the relevant 
Subscription Amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) 
and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be 
deemed to be "Outstanding" on such day; 
Payment Business Day means, in respect of any Gold Securities, any day (i) which is a Clearing System 
Business Day and (ii) which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency);

--- Page 71 ---
M-58409406-6 
71 
 
Price Source Disruption means in relation to any Index and any Pricing Day for a particular Class of Gold 
Securities either (i) the Index is not published and available on the relevant display page of the Bloomberg 
or Reuters Monitor Money Rates service, or any successor, at 5.00 p.m. on such Pricing Day; or (ii) the 
Administrator determines that the level of the Index displayed on the relevant display page of the 
Bloomberg service, or any successor, on such Pricing Day is manifestly incorrect; 
Pricing Day means, in respect of Gold Securities of any Class, an Index Business Day;  
Principal means the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds; 
Principal Amount means, in respect of any Gold Security, the principal amount in the Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms; 
Proceedings has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.2 (Jurisdiction); 
Programme Document means each of the Trust Deed, the Administration Agreement, each Custody 
Agreement, each Security Deed, each Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, and each Authorised 
Participant Agreement and Programme Documents means all such documents;  
Programme Effective Date means the date on which the Prospectus in respect of the Programme is 
approved by the relevant competent authority; 
Programme Maximum Number of Gold Securities means 10,000,000,000; 
Programme Party means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer); 
Prohibited Metal Holder means a UCITS or other person prohibited by applicable law or regulation from 
owning or taking delivery of the Gold; 
Prohibited Physical Redemption means in respect of a Redemption that the Issuer would be prohibited 
by virtue of legal or regulatory reasons from making a delivery of Gold to the Securityholder; 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended; 
Record Date means the Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment; 
Redeeming Securityholder means a Securityholder whose Gold Securities are the subject of a 
Redemption;  
Redemption means the redemption of Gold Securities (i) by Optional Redemption or (ii) by a Compulsory 
Redemption, and "Redeem" and "Redeemed" shall be construed accordingly; 
Redemption Fee mean a fee payable by the Securityholder on the Redemption of Gold Securities 
pursuant to Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee); 
Redemption Form means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary depending on whether the 
Securityholder is an Authorised Participant or a Non-AP Securityholder and on the Redemption 
Mechanism) prescribed by the Issuer from time to time for the purpose of requesting Redemption of Gold 
Securities; 
Redemption Limit means with respect to a Class, a limit per Business Day on the Redemption of Gold 
Securities with a Metal Entitlement that has a market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
exceeding such limit, as such limit may be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17

--- Page 72 ---
M-58409406-6 
72 
 
(Notices). As of the Programme Effective Date, the Redemption Limit, in respect of the relevant Class of 
Gold Securities shall be: 
(a) 
the market value (in USD) of the Metal Entitlement of the Outstanding Gold Securities on the Gold 
Sale Date (or in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, the first Compulsory Gold Sale Date) 
divided by 15; or 
(b) 
USD 400 million, 
whichever is higher; 
Redemption Mechanism means each of: 
(a) 
Gold Delivery; and 
(b) 
Gold Sale; 
Redemption Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption), has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7.10 (Redemption Settlement Date); and 
(b) 
in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date; 
Register means a register maintained by a Registrar of persons holding the Gold Securities; 
Registered Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Registrar means any such person appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the registers of 
persons holding the Gold Securities; 
Relevant Association means the LBMA; 
Relevant Clearing System means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, or (iii) any other recognised clearing 
system in which Gold Securities of a Class may be cleared; 
Relevant Currency means with respect to a Class of Gold Securities, the currency in which the Principal 
Amount of a Gold Security of that Class is denominated, as specified in the Final Terms; 
Relevant Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Prescription); 
Relevant Provisions means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the Administration 
Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Authorised Participant Agreement and the Conditions; 
Relevant Stock Exchange means Euronext Dublin, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Euronext Oslo 
Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange on which Gold Securities of a Class may be listed; 
RIS means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the Gold 
Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time; 
Secured Accounts means with respect to a Class of Gold Securities, the Secured Allocated Account with 
respect to that Class and Secured Account shall be construed accordingly; 
Secured Allocated Account means with respect to the relevant Class of Gold Securities, the secured 
allocated account as more particularly set out in the Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
M-58409406-6 
73 
 
Secured Liabilities, with respect to a Class of Gold Securities, has the meaning given to it in the Security 
Deed in respect of that Class; 
Secured Parties, with respect to a Class of Gold Securities, has the meaning given to it in the Security 
Deed in respect of that Class and will include, without limitation, the Security Trustee, the Securityholders 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent;  
Secured Property means, with respect to a Class of Gold Securities, the assets that are the subject of the 
security constituted by each applicable Security Deed and any other Security Document;  
Securities Act means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended;  
Security means a mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any 
obligation of the Issuer or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect; 
Security Document means any security document relating to a Class of Gold Securities pursuant to which 
Security over the Secured Property is created or perfected (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Security Deed) and any other document designated as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, 
supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time; 
Securities Delivery Obligation has the meaning given to in Condition 7.6.3 (Redemption Obligation); 
Securityholder and holder mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name a 
Registered Security is registered (as the case may be); 
Securityholder Cash Account means, in respect of a Securityholder and the Redemption of Gold 
Securities by Gold Sale, a bank account to receive payments of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in 
respect of the Redemption of such Gold Securities, which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer (or the Trustee as the case may be) from time to time; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Compulsory Redemption the bank account notified by a Securityholder to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process); 
Securityholder Metal Account means, in respect of a Securityholder and the Redemption of Gold 
Securities by Gold Delivery, which account shall be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Authorised Participant, the bullion account notified in writing for such purposes by 
the Authorised Participant to the Issuer (or the Trustee as the case may be) from time to time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Non-AP Securityholder, the bullion account specified in the Redemption Form. 
Subscription means an offer by an Authorised Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Gold Securities, 
being an offer on terms referred to in a Subscription Form and this document and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Subscribe and Subscribing shall be 
construed accordingly; 
Subscription Amount means, in relation to a Subscription Form, an amount per Gold Security equal to 
the Metal Entitlement per Security as at the relevant Trade Date;

--- Page 74 ---
M-58409406-6 
74 
 
Subscription Fee means the fee payable by an Authorised Participant on a Subscription of Gold 
Securities as specified in the Authorised Participant Agreement, being a monetary amount not greater than 
1% of the sum payable by an Authorised Participant in connection with its subscription for Gold Securities;  
Subscription Form means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to issue Gold 
Securities; 
Subscription Minimum means a minimum of Gold Securities that may be applied by the Issuer at any 
time for a subscription of Gold Securities as more set out in the Final Terms. As at the Prospectus Date, 
the Subscription Minimum in respect of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold 
Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities is 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Gold Securities; 
Subscription Settlement Date means the second Business Day after the Trade Date; 
Subscription Suspension Event means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent stating that with effect from 
the date specified in such notice subscription of the Gold Securities shall be suspended;  
Suspended Day and Suspension Period have the respective meanings given to them in Condition 9.2.1 
(Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices); 
Suspension Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and 
Suspension Notices); 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) system or any successor thereto; 
Tax means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, any tax 
on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other similar 
tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable tax 
authority or jurisdiction; 
Market Value Event Date has the meaning give to it in Condition 7.9.1 (Suspension of Redemptions); 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of a Class, the date specified in the Final Terms for that 
Class, subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 9.3.1 (Postponement relating to the 
Redemption of the Gold Securities), and provided that is such date is not a Business Day, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall be the next following Business Day;  
Trade Date means: 
(a) 
subject to Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices), in respect 
of an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities, the Business Day immediately following the day on 
which a Redemption Form is determined to be valid; and 
(b) 
subject to Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices), in respect 
of a subscription of Gold Securities, the Business Day immediately following the day on which a 
Subscription Form is determined to be valid;  
Tranche means, in relation to a Class of Gold Securities issued on any date, the Gold Securities that are 
issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount; 
Transfer Agent means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as appointed pursuant 
to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement;

--- Page 75 ---
M-58409406-6 
75 
 
UCITS means an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities that is established in 
accordance with the European Parliament and Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of 
laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities (UCITS) (No 2009/65/EC), as amended; and 
US Dollar or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
1.2.1 
headings to Conditions, paragraphs and other provisions of these Conditions shall not affect the 
interpretation of these Conditions; 
1.2.2 
any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity; 
1.2.3 
words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa; 
1.2.4 
any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference to 
these Conditions or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
1.2.5 
any reference to a statute, statutory provision, regulation, directive or rule of any regulatory 
authority shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to such 
statute, statutory provision, regulation, directive or rule as the same may from time to time be 
amended, modified, extended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced; and 
1.2.6 
unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to the 
prevailing time in Dublin, Ireland. 
2 
FORM AND TITLE 
The Gold Securities may be issued in: 
2.1.1 
bearer form (including in new global note (NGN) form and in CGN form) and serially numbered 
(Bearer Securities); or 
2.1.2 
registered form (including in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure and in 
CGN form (Registered Securities). 
in each case in the Denomination specified in the Final Terms.  
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of some or all of the Gold Securities is Bearer, such Gold 
Securities are Bearer Securities. If it is so stated that the form of some or all of the Gold Securities is 
Registered, such Gold Securities are Registered Securities.  
In respect of Bearer Securities relating to a Class to be issued in global form, such Bearer Securities, will 
(a) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating to 
such Class, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream; and (b) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, as stated in the Final 
Terms relating to such Class be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream.

--- Page 76 ---
M-58409406-6 
76 
 
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Class to be issued in global form, the Global Registered 
Certificate in respect of such Registered Securities will (a) if the Registered Securities are intended to be 
issued in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure, be registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a Common Safekeeper on behalf of, Euroclear 
and Clearstream; and (b) if the Registered Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, be registered 
in the name of a nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a Common Depositary on 
behalf of, Euroclear and Clearstream. 
All Registered Securities of the same Class shall have the same Denomination.  
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by 
registration in the Register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Gold Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Gold 
Security for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, 
whether or not such Gold Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or 
loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
3 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SECURITIES  
3.1 
Exchange of Bearer Securities  
The Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on 
or after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the Global Bearer Security is 
held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do so. 
Exchange Date means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global Bearer 
Security surrendering the Global Bearer Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In 
exchange for the Global Bearer Security, the Issuer shall deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed 
and authenticated Definitive Securities in an aggregate number equal to the number of Gold Securities 
represented by the Global Bearer Security submitted for exchange, security printed in accordance 
substantially in the form required under the Trust Deed. 
Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities and Bearer Securities of one Relevant 
Currency may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities of another Relevant Currency. Bearer Securities 
may not be exchanged for Registered Securities. 
3.2 
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar) of the Individual Certificate representing such Registered Securities to be transferred, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on such Individual Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in 
the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed 
by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar may reasonably 
require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities represented by one 
Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred

--- Page 77 ---
M-58409406-6 
77 
 
shall be issued to the transferor. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Securityholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available 
by the Registrar to any Securityholders upon request. 
3.3 
Exercise of options or partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or a Securityholder's option in respect of, or a Redemption of a 
part of, a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single Individual Certificate, a new Individual 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the holding not subject to the exercise 
of such option or, as the case may be, Redeemed. New Individual Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Individual Certificates to the Registrar. 
3.4 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3.2 (Transfer of Registered Securities 
in definitive form) and 3.3 (Exercise of options or partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities) 
will be available for delivery within five Business Days of surrender of the relevant Individual Certificate 
and, if applicable, receipt of the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or notice of exercise 
together with such other evidence (if any) as may be required pursuant to the relevant Condition. Delivery 
of new Individual Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Registrar to whom surrender of 
such Individual Certificate and, if applicable, delivery of such request, form of transfer or notice of exercise 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender as aforesaid and 
as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, notice of exercise or otherwise in writing, 
shall be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Individual Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified.  
Exchange and transfer of Gold Securities on registration or transfer (as contemplated by this Condition 3.4) 
may be subject to a charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, or 
any relevant agent of the Issuer and/or payment by the relevant Securityholder (or the giving by the 
relevant Securityholder of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect thereof) of any tax or 
other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
3.5 
Closed periods 
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered (i) during the period of 
15 calendar days ending on the due date for Redemption of that Gold Security, (ii) during the period of 15 
calendar days prior to any date on which Gold Securities may be  Redeemed pursuant to Condition 7 
(Redemption) (as applicable) or by the Issuer at its election pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call 
Redemption Event), (iii) after any such Gold Security has been drawn for Redemption in whole or in part, or 
(iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.  
4 
CONSTITUTION AND STATUS 
Each Class of Gold Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by the applicable 
Security Deed and each applicable Security Document. The Gold Securities of each Class are secured, 
limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 (Security) and recourse in respect of which is 
limited in the manner described in Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition). Each Gold Security 
has a Principal Amount set out in the Final Terms and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Redemption) but subject always to the provisions of Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition), a 
Securityholder may elect to receive on Redemption an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount in lieu 
of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 7 (Redemption). The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust 
Deed its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal Amount.

--- Page 78 ---
M-58409406-6 
78 
 
5 
METAL ENTITLEMENT PER SECURITY 
5.1 
Calculation and publication of Metal Entitlement per Security 
The Administrator shall determine the Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of each calendar day and 
each Class of Gold Security, and the Issuer shall publish such Metal Entitlement per Security in respect of 
each calendar day during the term of the Gold Securities on the Issuer's Website up to (and including) the 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of all of the Outstanding Gold Securities of such Class. 
5.2 
Calculation of Metal Entitlement per Security 
The Metal Entitlement in respect of a Class of Gold Securities and any calendar day shall be a return in 
an amount per Gold Security determined by the Administrator as follows: 
5.2.1 
if the relevant calendar day is the Class Issue Date, the Metal Entitlement shall be equal to the 
Initial Metal Entitlement; 
5.2.2 
in relation to any subsequent calendar day, the Metal Entitlement shall be an amount calculated 
by the Administrator in accordance with the formula below: 
MEi,t= ME i,t–1 x (DHVi,t – DAt) 
Where: 
 
MEi,t 
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i for Pricing Day t with an initial 
value as provided in Condition 5.1;  
 
MEi,t-1 
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i for Pricing Day t-1; 
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Gold Security; 
 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.3; and 
 
DAi,t 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.4. 
 
5.3 
The Daily Hedging Variation in respect of each class of Gold Securities for any Pricing Day shall be 
the amount (expressed as a decimal) determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Where: 
 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t;  
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Gold Security;

--- Page 79 ---
M-58409406-6 
79 
 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
 
IMi,t 
is the closing settlement level in metal terms of the Index applicable to Individual 
Securities of class i for Pricing Day t, provided that, if such Pricing Day is a day in respect 
of which Price Source Disruption or Index Disruption has occurred in relation to such 
Index, Condition 5.6 shall apply; and 
 
IMi,t-1 
is the closing settlement level in metal terms of the Index applicable to Individual 
Securities of class i for Pricing Day t-1, provided that, if such Pricing Day is a day in 
respect of which Price Source Disruption or Index Disruption has occurred in relation to 
such Index, Condition 5.6 shall apply. 
 
5.4 
The Daily Adjustment in respect of each Class of Gold Securities for any Pricing Day shall be the 
amount (expressed as a decimal and calculated to five decimal places with 0.000005 rounded 
upwards) determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Where: 
 
DAi,t 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Gold Securities of class i on Pricing Day t;  
i 
refers to the relevant class of Gold Security; 
 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
 
MFi,t 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Gold Securities of Class i on Pricing Day 
t, expressed as a decimal (so that 39 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0039 and 
49 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0049); 
 
N 
is the number of calendar days between the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t and Pricing 
Day t; and 
 
D  
is the number of calendar days in the calendar year in which Pricing Day t falls; and 
DHRi,t refers to the Daily Hedging Rate for Individual Securities of class  i  on Pricing Day 
t calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5. 
 
5.5 
The Daily Hedging Rate in respect of each class of Individual Securities for any Pricing Day shall be the 
amount (expressed as a decimal and calculated to five decimal places with 0.000005 rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Where: 
 
DHRi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Rate for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t;  
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Gold Security;

--- Page 80 ---
M-58409406-6 
80 
 
 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
 
D 
is the number of calendar days in the calendar year in which Pricing Day t falls; 
 
n 
refers to the number of FX Counterparties with whom the Issuer has entered into an FX 
Agreement in respect of class i as at Pricing Day t;  
 
u 
refers to a particular FX Counterparty; 
 
HTu,i,t-1 
is the total number of FX Agreements that have been entered into with FX Counterparty u 
in respect of Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t-1; and 
 
HRu,i,t 
the per annum Hedging Rate applicable to FX Agreements of class i on Pricing Day t 
under the FX Agreement with FX Counterparty u expressed as a decimal (so that 30 
basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0030 and 40 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0040). 
 
5.6 
If, in consequence of Price Source Disruption or Index Disruption in respect of the Index applicable to the 
Gold Securities of any class and of any Pricing Day, a value calculated by the Administrator in respect of 
any corresponding FX Agreement is used in place of the closing settlement level of the Index for that 
Pricing Day for the purposes of calculating the Gold Equivalent of such corresponding FX Agreement, then: 
5.6.1 
if there is only one FX Counterparty in respect of such corresponding FX Agreements, such 
value shall be used in place of the closing settlement level of the Index for that Pricing Day in 
Condition 5.3; or 
5.6.2 
if there is more than one FX Counterparty in respect of such corresponding FX Agreements, a 
weighted (by Gold Equivalent) average of the value used (whether a value determined by the 
Administrator or the actual closing settlement level of the Index for that Pricing Day) for the 
purposes of calculating the Gold Equivalent of all the FX Agreements corresponding to Gold 
Securities of that Class shall be used in place of the closing settlement level of the Index for that 
Pricing Day in Condition 5.3, with the intent that the aggregate Gold Equivalent of all such 
corresponding FX Agreements should remain the same as the aggregate Metal Entitlement of all 
such Gold Securities on such Pricing Day as it was on the preceding Pricing Day.  
6 
SECURITY 
6.1 
Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents  
The Security constituted by the applicable Security Documents in respect of each Class shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
6.2 
Realisation of Security constituted under each Security Document 
At any time after the Security constituted by any Security Document has become enforceable, the Trustee 
may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by (i) the holders of at least one-fifth in number of 
the Gold Securities of the relevant Class then Outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Class, in each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or secured 
and/or indemnified (without prejudice to any further demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which 
may be incurred in connection with acting on such directions, direct the Security Trustee to enforce the 
Security constituted by the relevant Security Document. 
To do this, the Security Trustee may, at its discretion and once directed to do so by the Trustee, (i) enforce 
any relevant Programme Document relating to the Gold Securities of such Class in accordance with its or

--- Page 81 ---
M-58409406-6 
81 
 
their terms and/or take action against the relevant Obligor(s), (ii) take action against the Issuer, and/or (iii) 
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the assets over which the Security constituted by the 
relevant Security Document shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call in, collect 
and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such terms as it 
thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard 
to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders. 
The Security Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver or receivers over all or part of the assets over 
which the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document shall have become enforceable and may 
remove any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay or waiver of the right to 
exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Neither the Security Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Security 
Trustee shall, by reason of taking possession of any assets or any other reason and whether or not as 
mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable for any loss 
or damage arising from the realisation of such assets or from any act or omission to such assets or 
otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own fraud, gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct. 
The Security Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by a 
Security Document which may be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or cause it to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) in the 
performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded (without prejudice to any further demand) to its satisfaction 
against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection with such action. 
6.3 
Application of proceeds on enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or recovered under 
the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject 
of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Documents (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) as follows: 
6.3.1 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security Documents 
(which shall include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee and/or the 
Security Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s 
and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the 
Security constituted by the Security Documents and the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s 
remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the 
Security Deed); 
6.3.2 
second, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts due pursuant to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and Account Bank Agreement (including payment of any 
amounts owing for reimbursement in respect of any proper payment of amounts paid to 
Securityholders and default interest (if any) made to the Securityholders); 
6.3.3 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably;  
6.3.4 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to the Joint Investment Managers; and 
6.3.5 
fifth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 82 ---
M-58409406-6 
82 
 
6.4 
Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in connection with any relevant Class of Gold Securities or 
otherwise (whether arising under the relevant Trust Deed, the Programme Documents, the general law or 
otherwise), the Programme Parties and the Securityholders shall have recourse only to the Secured 
Property in respect of such relevant Class of Gold Securities, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, 
following realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 6 (Security), the Trust Deed and any 
Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding claim against the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, 
remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer 
in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Programme Parties, the 
Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to 
recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such 
persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
None of the Programme Parties or the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, 
at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets (other than in respect of the Secured 
Property in respect of the Gold Securities in question), and none of them shall have any claim arising with 
respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer (save 
for any further securities which form a single Class with the Gold Securities). 
The provisions of this Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition) shall survive notwithstanding any 
Redemption of the Gold Securities or the termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
6.5 
Issuer's rights as beneficial owner of Secured Property 
Notwithstanding Condition 14.1 (Meetings of Securityholders), unless otherwise directed in a Security 
Document at any time before the Security constituted by a Security Document in respect of a Class of Gold 
Securities becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, without the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and 
without the prior written consent of the Trustee or Security Trustee: 
6.5.1 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the Gold Securities as may not be 
prohibited by the Programme Documents; and 
6.5.2 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the assets which are the subject of the Security 
constituted by the relevant Security Document and are exercisable by the Issuer and, in 
particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in 
respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests in respect of such 
property, 
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it would be prejudicial to 
any Security in respect of such Gold Securities or if it is directed to the contrary by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. If such direction is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such 
direction. 
7 
REDEMPTION 
7.1 
Redemption right 
Each Gold Security shall carry:

--- Page 83 ---
M-58409406-6 
83 
 
7.1.1 
if Gold Delivery applies, a right on Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption) to 
delivery in Gold of an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement per Security (rounded down to the 
nearest kilogram), together with the Balancing Sum, as further specified in Condition 7.7 (Gold 
Delivery); and 
7.1.2 
if Gold Sale applies, a right on Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption) or 
pursuant to a Compulsory Redemption to payment of any amount equal to the pro-rata share in 
respect of that Gold Security in the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds of the Gold Sale, minus the 
Adjustment Sum, as further specified in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) or Condition 8.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption Process) (as the case may be). 
7.2 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Securityholder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject to these Conditions) require the Issuer 
to Redeem all or any part of its holdings in Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form. Gold 
Delivery shall apply to such Redemption save that Gold Sale will apply in the circumstances specified in 
Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale). 
7.3 
Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders 
A Non-AP Securityholder may (subject to these Conditions) require the Issuer to Redeem all or any part of 
its holdings in Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form. Gold Delivery shall apply to such 
Redemption save that:   
7.3.1 
if the Issuer has given notice under Condition 17 (Notices) that there are no Authorised 
Participants and that notice remains in effect, the Non-AP Securityholder may elect that Gold 
Sale shall apply to such Redemption; and 
7.3.2 
Gold Sale shall apply in the circumstances specified in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale).  
7.4 
Redemption Forms 
7.4.1 
A Redemption Form: 
(a) must be in writing; 
(b) must specify the number and Class of any Gold Securities to be Redeemed; 
(c) must: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by a Non-AP Securityholder, be signed by 
the Securityholder or by an authorised signatory on behalf of it; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by an Authorised Participant, be 
authenticated by such other method as described in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement;  
(d) is irrevocable once it has been submitted to the Issuer. 
7.4.2 
A Redemption Form shall only be valid if: 
(a) it is in the form specified by the Issuer with respect to the type of Securityholder 
(Securityholder that is also an Authorised Participant or Non-AP Securityholder) and the 
applicable Redemption Mechanism;

--- Page 84 ---
M-58409406-6 
84 
 
(b) it complies with the requirements of Conditions 7.4.1(a) (Redemption Forms) to 7.4.1(c) 
(Redemption Forms); 
(c) the Redemption does not constitute a Prohibited Physical Redemption; 
(d) it is received by the Issuer between 8.00am (Dublin time) and the Notice Deadline on any 
Business Day (save that the Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion decide to treat a 
Redemption Form received on a Business Day after the Notice Deadline as if it had been 
received before the Notice Deadline); 
(e) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Securityholder has paid the 
Redemption Fee (and, where applicable, the Administrative Fee) referred to at Condition 7.5 
(Redemption Fee); 
(f) it is confirmed as valid by the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on behalf of the Issuer) by 
3.45p.m. on the Business Day on which it is received (or deemed to be received); 
(g) the Securityholder has complied with all compliance and identification checks reasonably 
required by the Issuer; 
(h) the Redemption Form is received or is deemed to have been received before the occurrence 
of a Compulsory Redemption Event; 
(i) it is not invalid by virtue of a suspension of Redemptions pursuant to Condition 7.9 
(Suspension of Redemptions);  
(j) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder by Gold Delivery, the Redemption 
Form specifies a Securityholder Metal Account (if applicable) into which the relevant Metal 
can be deposited; and 
(k) such Redemption Form is submitted by a Securityholder on any Business Day and no other 
Redemption Form has been submitted by that Securityholder on or in respect of such 
Business Day in respect of the same Class (unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its 
absolute discretion). 
7.4.3 
The Issuer shall be deemed to have received a Redemption Form at such time as the 
Administrator has notified the Calculation Agent that it has received it.  
7.4.4 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Form is valid, it shall confirm that fact to the 
Securityholder as soon as reasonably practicable. No Gold Securities may be Redeemed 
pursuant to a Redemption Form that the Issuer has not confirmed as valid. 
7.4.5 
Once it has received a valid Redemption Form from a Securityholder in relation to Gold 
Securities and confirmed that fact to the Securityholder, the Issuer shall take all steps necessary 
to give effect to such Redemption Form as required by this Condition 7 (Redemption). 
7.4.6 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Forms on not 
less than five days' prior notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
7.5 
Redemption Fee 
7.5.1 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Securityholder which is also an Authorised 
Participant, the Redemption Fee payable by a Securityholder shall be the amount specified in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.

--- Page 85 ---
M-58409406-6 
85 
 
7.5.2 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Redemption Fee 
payable by the Securityholder shall be an amount equal to: 
(a) in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form 
relating (or Redemption forms, over a single period of three months, which cumulatively 
relate) to an amount of Gold being greater than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to 
the Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 
2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be notified in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
the Administrative Fee, which may be waived at the discretion of the Issuer.  
(b) in such circumstances where the Non-AP Securityholder submits its Redemption Form 
relating to an amount of Gold being equal to or less than 25 kilograms: 
(i) 
the Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to 
the Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 
2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be notified in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
7.5.3 
The Issuer may agree to receive such Redemption Fee (and/or, where applicable, the 
Administrative Fee) in a currency other than the Relevant Currency converted at the then 
prevailing exchange rate. Any such Redemption Fee (and/or, where applicable, the 
Administrative Fee) shall be payable in cash and shall not be capable of being set-off against 
any amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. 
7.5.4 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Gold Securities by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.4 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the Redemption Fee payable by the Securityholder shall 
be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in respect of the Redemption, being an 
amount not greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be 
notified in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders 
of Gold Securities subject to such Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs and 
their allocation to particular Securityholders at the time of the Redemption. The Issuer may agree 
to receive such Redemption Fee in a currency other than the Relevant Currency converted at the 
then prevailing exchange rate available to, and as certified by, the Issuer. Any such Redemption 
Fee shall be payable in cash and shall not be capable of being set-off against any amount due to 
the Securityholder on Redemption. No Redemption Fee is payable with respect to a Compulsory 
Redemption save pursuant to Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause). 
7.5.5 
Save where Condition 7.5.2 (Redemption Fee) applies, it is a condition to the performance by the 
Issuer of its obligation to Redeem Gold Securities where Gold Sale applies that the Issuer may 
deduct the Redemption Fee from the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or 
other amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption and that if it does not so deduct the 
Redemption Fee from such amount the Securityholder shall pay the Redemption Fee in 
accordance with this Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee). Save where Condition 7.5.2 (Redemption 
Fee) applies, the Issuer may set-off the amount of the Redemption Fee payable under this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee) against the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale 
Proceeds or other amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. 
7.6 
Redemption Obligations 
7.6.1 
Upon a valid Redemption Form having been submitted and its validity having been confirmed by 
the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) in respect of Gold Securities, those Gold Securities

--- Page 86 ---
M-58409406-6 
86 
 
may not be transferred by the Securityholder except where such transfer is to the Issuer, and the 
Issuer may refuse to recognise any other purported transfer. 
7.6.2 
Where a Redemption Form has been submitted for the Redemption of Gold Securities, the 
Securityholder of the Gold Securities subject to the Redemption must, (if the Gold Securities 
subject to the Redemption are in Certificated Form), deliver the Gold Securities to be Redeemed 
and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer may agree. 
7.6.3 
In order for the Issuer to effect a Redemption on the Redemption Settlement Date, the 
Securityholder must have complied in full with its obligations under Condition 7.6.2 (Redemption 
Obligations) (its Securities Delivery Obligation) by 3.00p.m. Dublin time on the second 
Business Day following the Trade Date. Any failure by the Securityholder to comply with its 
Securities Delivery Obligation by that time shall not cause the Redemption of such Gold 
Securities to be invalid but the Securityholder shall not be entitled to deliveries or payments in 
connection with the Redemption unless and until the Securities Delivery Obligation has been 
complied with. No interest or other amount shall be payable in connection with late deliveries or 
payments resulting from a failure to comply with the Securities Delivery Obligation. 
7.6.4 
If Gold Securities are Redeemed in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption) or Condition 
8 (Compulsory Redemption), the Issuer shall have the right to cancel the entry in the Register in 
respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed upon: (i) delivery of the Metal Entitlement to the 
relevant Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed, or (ii) payment of the 
amount due to the relevant Securityholder pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) or Condition 8.5 
(Compulsory Redemption Process). 
7.6.5 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Securityholder that the Issuer may have to withhold or 
deduct from any payment (if applicable) that corresponds to the Redemption Form  an amount 
for or on account of, any present or future Taxes as required by law (as modified by the practice 
of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any 
form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Gold Securities that may allow the 
Issuer to make such payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding 
or deduction at a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the 
relevant Securityholder or if it is not the beneficial owner of the Gold Securities held by such 
Securityholder and which are to be Redeemed, then any such payment will be reduced (and the 
matching obligation of the Issuer to deliver or to procure the delivery of the Metal Entitlement per 
Security), or other amount due to that Securityholder will also be reduced, by the amount of the 
withholding or deduction.  
7.7 
Gold Delivery 
7.7.1 
If Gold Securities of a Class are required to be Redeemed by Gold Delivery in accordance with 
this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption 
Form and satisfaction of the Securities Delivery Obligation instruct: 
(a) the Custodian to make available (for collection by the Redeeming Securityholder) Gold in at 
least an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the 
nearest kilogram), calculated as of the Trade Date. This Gold will be made available for 
collection by the Redeeming Securityholder from the relevant Secured Accounts on the 
Redemption Settlement Date; and 
(b) the Administrator to transfer the Balancing Sum into the Securityholder Cash Account. 
7.7.2 
A Redeeming Securityholder may request that the Issuer instruct the Custodian, in respect of the 
Gold being redeemed, to be delivered to, and deposited into, its Securityholder Metal Account. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, and at the cost of the Redeeming Securityholder, accede

--- Page 87 ---
M-58409406-6 
87 
 
to such a request, at which point a separate contractual agreement for the delivery of the Gold 
will be entered into between the relevant parties.  
7.7.3 
If Gold Securities are Redeemed by Gold Delivery, all title to and risk in such Gold shall pass to 
the Redeeming Securityholder on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date (being the third 
Business Day following the applicable Trade Date). Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be 
liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect a collection (or delivery, where applicable) of the 
required Gold in accordance with the Issuer's instructions. If such failure occurs, the Issuer shall 
to the extent reasonably practicable assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in respect 
of such Gold in satisfaction of all claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities 
to be Redeemed and the Securityholder shall have no further claims in respect of such 
Redemption against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
7.8 
Gold Sale 
7.8.1 
Gold Sale will apply if: 
(a) a Non-AP Securityholder elects for Gold Sale to apply in accordance with Condition 7.3.1 
(Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders); 
(b) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Securityholder does not certify 
in the Redemption Form that it is not a Prohibited Metal Holder; or 
(c) the Gold to which the Securityholder is entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered 
to the Securityholder (unless this results from the fault of the Issuer) and is not claimed by 
such Securityholder by the 30th calendar day after the Redemption Settlement Date 
(whereupon the Gold Entitlement per Security will be determined as of the first Business Day 
following the expiry of such 30 day period). 
7.8.2 
If Gold Sale is the applicable Redemption Mechanism to the Optional Redemption of Gold 
Securities by one or more Securityholders, the Issuer will: 
(a) give notice to the Metal Agent under the Investment Management Agreement to sell on the 
Gold Sale Date an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property 
equal to the Metal Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities to be sold by Gold Sale on 
such Gold Sale Date; and 
(b) direct the Custodian to deliver such amount of Gold to, or to the order of, the Metal Agent on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Gold Sale Date equal to the Metal 
Entitlement (rounded up to the nearest kilogram) in respect of the number of Gold Securities 
of each relevant Class to be sold by Gold Sale on such Gold Sale Date so as to sell such 
Gold to give effect to the Redemption. 
7.8.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents in respect of each Class, the Security in respect 
of the Metal described in Condition 7.8.2(a) (Gold Sale) shall automatically be released without 
further action on the part of the Security Trustee to the extent necessary to give effect to the sale 
of such Metal, provided that nothing in this Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) shall release the charges 
and other security interests over the proceeds of the sale of such Gold. 
7.8.4 
The Metal Agent shall (acting as agent of the Issuer) sell the Gold in a timely fashion on the Gold 
Sale Date in accordance with the Investment Agreement. 
7.8.5 
In selling the Gold, the Metal Agent is authorised under the Investment Management Agreement 
to take such steps as, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate in 
order to effect an orderly sale of the Gold in a timely fashion (taking into account the

--- Page 88 ---
M-58409406-6 
88 
 
circumstances at the time and the amount of Gold to be sold) and to effect such sale at any time 
or from time to time on the Gold Sale Date and may do so in one or more transactions.  
7.8.6 
The Metal Agent shall be permitted promptly to deduct from the Actual Redemption Sale 
Proceeds (i) any Taxes arising from or connected with any such sale of Gold; and (ii) any other 
amounts properly incurred by it in connection with any such sale; and it shall not be liable to 
account for anything except the actual proceeds of any such sale received by it after such 
deductions. 
7.8.7 
On the first Business Day following the Gold Sale Date, the Metal Agent shall notify the Issuer 
(and, as the case may be, the Trustee) of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds received in 
respect of any Gold that has been sold on such Gold Sale Date (and the details of each sale of 
Gold including the price, volume and date of each such sale). 
7.8.8 
Immediately following deduction of any Taxes or other amounts in accordance with Condition 
7.8.6 (Gold Sale), the Metal Agent shall pay the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds to the Issuer 
Redemption Cash Account and in any event by no later than 2.00p.m. Dublin time (or such later 
time as the Issuer may agree) on the second Business Day following the Gold Sale Date. Once it 
has received the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in full cleared funds, the Issuer will remit its pro-
rata share of those proceeds (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 7.5) 
(Redemption Fee), minus the Adjustment Sum, to each relevant Securityholder through the 
Relevant Clearing System or to the Securityholder Cash Account). 
7.8.9 
If Gold Sale applies, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities being Redeemed acknowledges 
and agrees: 
(a) to accept the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds less both: 
(i) 
the Adjustment Sum; and  
(ii) 
any unpaid Redemption Fee  
in full settlement of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Redemption of such Gold 
Securities; 
(b) that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the price at 
which Gold will be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Gold; 
and 
(c) that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay, failure or misconduct by 
the Metal Agent in respect of any sale of Gold pursuant to the Investment Management 
Agreement, but in the event of any such failure, delay or misconduct, the Issuer shall to the 
extent practicable assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in relation to such Gold 
in satisfaction of all claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities to be 
Redeemed and the Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the 
Secured Property. 
7.9 
Suspension of Redemptions 
7.9.1 
If on any Business Day (a Market Value Event Date) the Calculation Agent determines that the 
market value of the Metal Entitlement per Security has fallen to less than 20% (twenty per cent.) 
of the Issue Price per Gold Security as at the Class Issue Date of such Gold Securities: 
(a) the Issuer may at any time after the Market Value Event Date, for so long as the Calculation 
Agent determines that the market value of the Metal Entitlement per Security continues to be

--- Page 89 ---
M-58409406-6 
89 
 
less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the Issue Price per Gold Security as at the Class Issue 
Date of such Gold Securities, suspend the right to request Redemption of Gold Securities 
pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption); and 
(b) the Issuer shall give notice convening a meeting of Securityholders to take place on a date 
not more than 30 calendar days after the Market Value Event Date for the purpose of 
considering an Extraordinary Resolution which would have the effect of reducing the 
Principal Amount of the Gold Securities to an amount which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not less than 2 per cent. of the market value of the Metal Entitlement per 
Security as at the time of suspension of Redemptions, in which event the suspension will 
cease only if such Extraordinary Resolution is passed, 
in each case, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Issuer may at its 
discretion terminate any such suspension at any time. 
7.9.2 
If, in any thirty day period, an amount of Gold, across any number of Classes of the Gold 
Securities, equal to, or greater than, 500kg has been redeemed (by way of Gold Sale or Gold 
Delivery), the Issuer reserves the right to suspend the right of Securityholders to request 
Redemption of Gold Securities pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption). 
7.9.3 
The following provisions shall apply where Redemptions have been suspended pursuant to 
Condition 7.9.1 and 7.9.2 (Suspension of Redemptions): 
(a) the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the parties to the relevant Programme Documents and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to 
give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(b) any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 days, and, in the case of a 
suspension under Condition 7.9.1, may continue thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer if 
the Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Condition 7.9.1(b) (Suspension of Redemptions) 
above has not been passed; and 
(c) any suspension shall not affect any Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Form confirmed 
as valid on a date which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any 
Redemption Form in respect of Gold Securities submitted or deemed to be received on a 
Business Day when the right to request Redemption of the Gold Securities pursuant to 
Condition is suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.9 (Suspension of Redemptions) shall be 
invalid. 
7.10 
Redemption Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Redemption Settlement Date 
will be the third Business Day following the applicable Trade Date, provided that in the case of Redemption 
by Gold Sale the Redemption Settlement Date shall be the third Business Day following receipt by the 
Issuer in full cleared funds of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds with respect to the Gold Sale (and if such 
day is not also a Payment Business Day, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the next Payment 
Business Day). 
8 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION 
8.1 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the relevant Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), elect to Redeem all or some only of the Gold Securities of a Class and designate a

--- Page 90 ---
M-58409406-6 
90 
 
Compulsory Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Compulsory 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than 30 calendar days following the date of the relevant notice (such 
notice an Issuer Call Redemption Notice). In the event that the Issuer elects to Redeem only some of the 
Outstanding Gold Securities of a Class pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro-rata portion of 
each Securityholder's Gold Securities of such Class shall be subject to such Redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events), a Compulsory Redemption Event in 
the form of an "Issuer Call Redemption Event" will occur on the Compulsory Redemption Date designated 
in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Business Day on the first following Business 
Day). The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the relevant Programme 
Parties on the same date as such notice is given to the Securityholders. 
8.2 
Compulsory Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be a compulsory Redemption event in respect of the Gold Securities of a 
Class (each a Compulsory Redemption Event): 
8.2.1 
Threshold Redemption Event: if on any Business Day falling on or after the 60th calendar day 
following a Market Value Event Date, the market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
of the Metal Entitlement per Gold Security of a Class is less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the 
Issue Price per Gold Security as at the Class Issue Date of such Gold Securities, the Issuer shall 
designate a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of the Class of Gold Securities; 
8.2.2 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: if any of the Calculation Agent, 
the Administrator, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Metal 
Agent in relation to a Class of Gold Securities, the Account Bank in relation to a Class of Gold 
Securities or all of the Authorised Participants in relation to the Gold Securities resign their 
appointment or their appointment is terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement 
has been appointed at the time that such resignation or termination takes effect in accordance 
with the applicable Programme Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an Agent Redemption 
Event Notice) to the relevant Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), a Compulsory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth 
Business Day after the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
8.2.3 
Termination of Custody Agreement: if any Custody Agreement is terminated and no replacement 
Custody Agreement has been entered into at the time that such termination takes effect in 
accordance with the applicable Programme Document,  and the Issuer gives notice (an Custody 
Redemption Event Notice) to the relevant Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), a Compulsory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth 
Business Day after the date of the Custody Redemption Event Notice; 
8.2.4 
Change in law or regulation Redemption Event: if on or after the Class Issue Date (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure 
(including, without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of 
any applicable regulatory authority, tax authority and/or any exchange), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority):  
(a) it has (or the Issuer reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Gold Securities; or 
(b) the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, any increase in any

--- Page 91 ---
M-58409406-6 
91 
 
applicable Taxes, any decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or 
liability to Tax of the Issuer relating to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation), 
the Issuer may give the relevant Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) notice that the Gold Securities are to be Redeemed and 
designate a Compulsory Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated 
as the Compulsory Redemption Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Business Day following the 
date of the relevant notice (such notice an Issuer Redemption Notice); 
8.2.5 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 
8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event). 
8.3 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or will if 
so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities of a Class then 
Outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of a Class of Gold Securities (provided that in 
each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), 
give notice to the Issuer (copied to each relevant Programme Party) (such notice a Default Redemption 
Event Notice) that such relevant Class of Gold Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due 
and payable: 
8.3.1 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of a Class of Gold Securities or any 
of them for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
8.3.2 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a 
payment obligation) under a Class of Gold Securities, the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or any 
other Programme Document relating to that Class, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in 
the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such 
longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation 
shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act 
or thing by a particular time); 
8.3.3 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
8.3.4 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer; 
8.3.5 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Custodian in respect of that Class of Gold Securities, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
8.3.6 
the Custodian in respect of that Class of Gold Securities seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets. 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, after receipt of a Default Redemption Event Notice, give 
notice thereof to the applicable Securityholders of such Class.

--- Page 92 ---
M-58409406-6 
92 
 
8.4 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Securityholder that any Gold 
Securities of a Class held by that Securityholder are to be subject to Compulsory Redemption and 
specifying a Business Day (being not less than seven days and not more than fourteen days following the 
date of the notice) to be the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Gold Securities, if the Issuer 
considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Gold Securities are or may be owned or held directly or 
beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such 
person is not qualified to own those Gold Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding or  continued 
ownership or holding of those Gold Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other 
circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause 
a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders which it or they might not 
otherwise have suffered or incurred. 
8.5 
Compulsory Redemption Process 
8.5.1 
If a Compulsory Redemption Date is designated in accordance with these Conditions, the Gold 
Securities shall be Redeemed by Gold Sale and the provisions of this Condition 8.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption Process) shall apply. 
8.5.2 
The Issuer (or in the case of a Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Events of 
Default) the Trustee acting on the Issuer's behalf) shall: 
(a) no later than 8.00am on the First Compulsory Gold Sale Date and on each successive 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), publish the 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number of Gold Securities of each relevant Class to be sold by Gold 
Sale on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date;  
(b) give notice to the Metal Agent under the Investment Management Agreement to sell on each 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured 
Property equal to the Metal Entitlement in respect of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number of 
Gold Securities of each relevant Class to be sold by Gold Sale on such Compulsory Gold 
Sale Date; and 
(c) direct the Custodian to deliver such an amount of Gold to, or to the order of, the Metal Agent 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date 
equal to the Metal Entitlement in respect of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number of Gold 
Securities of each relevant Class to be sold by Gold Sale on such Compulsory Gold Sale 
Date so as to sell such Gold to give effect to the Redemption. 
8.5.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents in respect of each Class, the Security in respect 
of the Gold described in Condition 8.5.2(b) (Compulsory Redemption Process) shall 
automatically be released without further action on the part of the Security Trustee to the extent 
necessary to give effect to the sale of the Gold, provided that nothing in this Condition 8.5 
(Compulsory Redemption Process) shall release the charges and other security interests over 
the proceeds of the sale of the Gold. 
8.5.4 
Upon each Compulsory Gold Sale Date, the Metal Agent shall (acting as agent of the Issuer) sell 
the Gold referred to in the notice under Condition 8.5.2(b) (Compulsory Redemption Process) in 
a timely fashion on the applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date in accordance with the Investment 
Management Agreement. 
8.5.5 
In selling such Gold, the Metal Agent is authorised under the Investment Management 
Agreement to take such steps as, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers 
appropriate in order to effect an orderly sale of the Gold in a timely fashion (taking into account

--- Page 93 ---
M-58409406-6 
93 
 
the circumstances at the time and the amount of Gold to be sold) and to effect such sale at any 
time or from time to time on the applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date and may do so in one or 
more transactions.  
8.5.6 
The Metal Agent shall be permitted promptly to deduct from the Actual Redemption Sale 
Proceeds (i) any Taxes arising from or connected with any such sale of Gold, and (ii) any other 
amounts properly incurred by it in connection with any such sale, and it shall not be liable to 
account for anything except the actual proceeds of any such sale received by it after such 
deductions.  
8.5.7 
On the first Business Day following each Compulsory Gold Sale Date, the Metal Agent shall 
notify the Issuer and Trustee of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds received in respect of any 
Gold that has been sold on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date (and the details of each sale of 
Gold including the price, volume and date of each such sale). 
8.5.8 
Immediately following deduction of any Taxes or other amounts in accordance with Condition 
8.5.6 (Compulsory Redemption Process), the Metal Agent shall immediately pay the Net 
Redemption Sale Proceeds to the Issuer Redemption Cash Account, as applicable, and in any 
event by no later than 5.00p.m. Dublin time (or such later time as the Issuer may agree) on the 
day falling one Business Day after its receipt in full of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds. 
Once it has received the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in full cleared funds, the Issuer will 
remit its pro-rata share of those proceeds (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee) to the relevant Securityholder through the Relevant Clearing 
System or to the Securityholder Cash Account). 
8.5.9 
If Gold Sale applies, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities being Redeemed acknowledges 
and agrees: 
(a) to accept the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds less any unpaid Redemption Fee in full 
settlement of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Redemption of such Gold 
Securities; 
(b) to, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption, notify the Issuer of the Securityholder Cash 
Account so as to enable payment by the Issuer of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds;  
(c) that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the price at 
which Gold will be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Gold; 
and 
(d) that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay, failure or misconduct by 
the Metal Agent in respect of any sale of Gold pursuant to the Investment Management 
Agreement, but in the event of any such failure, delay or misconduct, the Issuer shall to the 
extent practicable assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in relation to the Gold in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities to be 
redeemed and the Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the 
Secured Property.  
8.6 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date 
In relation to any Compulsory Redemption, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date shall be the 
second Payment Business Day following the receipt by the Issuer in full cleared funds of the Net 
Redemption Sale Proceeds with respect to the Gold Sale provided that if such day is not also a Payment 
Business Day, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date will be the next Payment Business Day.

--- Page 94 ---
M-58409406-6 
94 
 
9 
DISRUPTION EVENTS 
9.1 
Disruption Events 
The Calculation Agent (or, in the case of a service provider disruption in respect of the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 9.1.2 (Disruption Events), the Issuer) may (but is not obliged to), with respect to 
any day, determine that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on such day 
with respect to a Class of Gold Securities (each such event a Disruption Event): 
9.1.1 
Gold Trading Disruption: either: 
(a) trading and/or settlement in Gold is subject to a material suspension or material limitation on 
the over-the-counter market participated in by members of the Relevant Association or any 
other primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of Gold; or  
(b) the over-the-counter market participated in by members of the Relevant Association or any 
other primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of the Gold is not open for trading for 
any reason (including a scheduled closure); or 
(c) trading in Gold on such over-the-counter market participated in by members of the Relevant 
Association or any other primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of Gold has been 
permanently discontinued or has disappeared; 
9.1.2 
Service Provider Disruption: save as otherwise agreed in the relevant Programme Document(s), 
if any of the Calculation Agent, all of the Custodian(s), the Administrator, all of the Authorised 
Participants, the Account Bank and/or the Metal Agent resigns or their appointment is terminated 
for any reason and a successor or replacement has not yet been appointed, for such time until a 
successor or replacement has been appointed or an Agent Redemption Event Notice has been 
given under Condition 8.2.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events) (or a Custody Redemption Event 
Notice has been given under Condition 8.2.3 (Compulsory Redemption Events)); and/or  
9.1.3 
Secured Accounts Disruption: any Gold held as Secured Property with respect to a Class has 
been lost or is inaccessible, other than where permitted in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Programme Documents. 
9.2 
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices 
9.2.1 
If the Calculation Agent, on any day, determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists 
with respect to a Class, it may (but shall not be obliged to) on the immediately following Business 
Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(a) any request for the Subscription and/or Redemption of Gold Securities of such Class; 
(b) the settlement of any Subscription and/or Redemption of Gold Securities of such Class; 
and/or 
(c) any Compulsory Redemption Date (whether or not such date has yet been designated), any 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date and/or the delivery of any Gold or the payment of 
any amount (including any Net Redemption Sale Proceeds) in connection therewith, 
to the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Administrator, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee and the Custodian, specifying: 
(i) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant day;

--- Page 95 ---
M-58409406-6 
95 
 
(ii) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such Disruption Event will be 
in respect of a single day (a Suspended Day) or for as long as the Disruption Event 
continues (a Suspension Period); and 
(iii) which of the dates and/or events set out in Conditions 9.2.1(a) (Determination of 
Disruption Events and Suspension Notices) to 9.2.1(c) (Determination of Disruption 
Events and Suspension Notices) will be postponed and/or suspended on such 
Suspended Day or during such Suspension Period, as applicable (and, in determining 
this, the Calculation Agent shall consider whether the relevant Disruption Event would 
disrupt the actions required to be performed by the Issuer, any Authorised Participant 
and/or any other Programme Party in connection with a subscription of Gold Securities 
and/or a Redemption of Gold Securities), 
(such notice, a Suspension Notice). If the Suspension Notice is in respect of a Suspension 
Period, such period will end when the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants, the Administrator, the Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Administrator that such 
suspension and/or postponement is over. 
9.2.2 
The Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event 
has occurred or is continuing on any day with respect to a Class of Gold unless a Suspension 
Notice has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the Calculation Agent's 
obligation to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will continue until it has determined that such 
Disruption Event has ceased (following which it will give notification of the end of the Suspension 
Period in accordance with Condition 9.2.1) (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension 
Notices). The Calculation Agent shall have no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, any Custodian, any Securityholder, any Authorised Participant or any other person for 
any determination or non-determination that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of 
a Disruption Event. 
9.2.3 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Suspension Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
9.3 
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Gold Securities 
9.3.1 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent has specified in the related Suspension 
Notice that the Trade Date, Compulsory Redemption Date, Gold Sale Date and/or Redemption 
Settlement Date (a Disruption Postponable Date) shall be postponed until following the end of 
the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if any Disruption Postponable Date does occur 
on the Suspended Day or during the Suspension Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall 
be deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if 
no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 10th Business Day following such 
Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, shall determine an appropriate method for Redeeming the Gold Securities 
and determining the Trade Date, Compulsory Redemption Date, Gold Sale Date and/or 
Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable, for the purposes of such Redemption of the Gold 
Securities (a Disrupted Redemption Method). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Disruption 
Postponable Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition 9.3.1, then any other dates or 
periods determined by reference to such Disruption Postponable Date that have yet to occur or 
conclude as at the time of such postponement shall also be postponed or adjusted accordingly.  
9.3.2 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of any Disrupted 
Redemption Method, notify each relevant Programme Party and the relevant Securityholders of 
the details of such Disrupted Redemption Method in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).

--- Page 96 ---
M-58409406-6 
96 
 
9.3.3 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Authorised Participant or any 
Securityholder in connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with Condition 9.3.1 (Postponement relating to the 
Redemption of the Gold Securities), of Redemption of the Gold Securities. 
10 
PAYMENTS, CALCULATIONS, AGENTS AND RECORDS 
10.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Gold Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments or deliveries in respect of the Gold Securities, the 
Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to 
compensate for any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such 
withholding or deduction. 
10.2 
Payments 
10.2.1 
Payments of Principal in respect of Definitive Securities will, subject to Condition 10.3 (Payments 
subject to fiscal laws), be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Gold 
Securities at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent outside the United States, by a 
cheque payable in the Relevant Currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to, 
an account denominated in such currency with a Bank. Bank means a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the currency of payment or, in the case of euros, a city in which banks in 
general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
10.2.2 
For as long as the Gold Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a 
Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a Common Depositary, 
Common Safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments or deliveries in respect of the 
Gold Securities will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global 
Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Security. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning Gold Securities 
represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his 
share of any payment made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security. 
Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning 
any Gold Security represented by the Global Security shall be subject to and made in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
10.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments and/or deliveries (as applicable) in respect of the Gold Securities are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
10.4 
Calculations 
10.4.1 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such time 
as the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Administration Agreement and the 
Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations as are 
required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
10.4.2 
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good faith

--- Page 97 ---
M-58409406-6 
97 
 
and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties. 
10.5 
Calculation by an alternative agent 
If at any time after the Security in respect of a Class of Gold Securities has become enforceable pursuant 
to Condition 6.1 (Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents) and the Calculation 
Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Metal Entitlement per Security or any Redemption 
amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the Programme Documents then the Issuer will 
appoint an alternative agent on its behalf to make any calculation in place of the Calculation Agent. Any 
such calculation shall, for the purposes of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed to 
have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the provisions of 
the Conditions and/or the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall not be liable (whether 
directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any Programme 
Party for any calculations (or any delay or failure in making any calculation) so made and will not be 
obliged to make such determination itself. 
10.6 
Calculation Agent 
10.6.1 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Administration Agreement, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent for so long as 
any of the Gold Securities are Outstanding. If the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is 
terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity 
that provides services of a similar type to those required of the Calculation Agent under the 
Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures and 
options or index options market) that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of making the 
calculation(s) required to be made by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act 
as such in its place. 
10.6.2 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or 
otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other person for 
any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by 
the Calculation Agent of its obligations under the Administration Agreement, the Conditions and 
the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the Calculation Agent from any 
Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of 
the Calculation Agent (any such act or omission, a Calculation Agent Breach). 
(a) If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6.2, be held liable for 
any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall 
nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party 
or any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) 
the failure by any other Programme Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which 
such Programme Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant 
Programme Document  or Security Document, or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other 
Programme Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Programme Party is 
required or permitted to give to the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document. 
(b) If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6.2, be held liable for 
any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall 
nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party 
or any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from the

--- Page 98 ---
M-58409406-6 
98 
 
reliance by the Calculation Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation 
or determination notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any 
relevant Programme Document or Security Document which is made by another Programme 
Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Programme Document 
or Security Document. 
10.6.3 
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with any 
Securityholder. 
10.6.4 
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
Conditions, the Administration Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and no implied or 
inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Administration Agreement against 
or on the part of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, 
assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Programme Document or Security Document unless 
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
10.7 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Administration Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, the Investment Management 
Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Administrator, the Calculation Agent, 
the Metal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent or any Registrar or Transfer Agent and to appoint additional 
or other Registrars, Transfer Agents, Administrators, Issuing and Paying Agents, Metal Agents or 
Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of 
an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant 
Programme Documents or Security Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times 
maintain (i) an Administrator, (ii) a Metal Agent, (iii) a Calculation Agent, (iv) an Issuing and Paying Agent, 
and (v) such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Gold Securities may be 
listed, in each case, as approved by the Trustee. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the 
specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default has occurred in relation to 
the Gold Securities, the Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer, the Administrator, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agent,  the Metal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, require 
any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable 
law to (a) act as agent of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the Gold Securities mutatis mutandis on 
the terms of the Administration Agreement, Investment Management Agreement, or Issuing and Paying 
Agent Agreement, as applicable (with consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the 
Trustee's liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall 
be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in respect of the Gold Securities on the 
terms of the Trust Deed and which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant order of 
priority set out in Condition 6.3 (Application of proceeds of enforcement of Security) to discharge such 
liability); or (b) deliver the Gold Securities and all monies, documents and records held by them in respect 
of the Gold Securities to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice, and (ii) by 
notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the Gold Securities 
to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the Administrator and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) with 
effect from the receipt of any such notice by the Issuer.

--- Page 99 ---
M-58409406-6 
99 
 
10.8 
Business day convention and non-Payment Business Days 
10.8.1 
If any date for payment in respect of any Gold Security is not a Payment Business Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
10.8.2 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day. 
10.9 
Records 
For so long as the Gold Securities are represented by a Global Security in NGN form, the records of the 
Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 10.9 (Records) means the records that 
each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers' 
interests in the Gold Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the Gold Securities 
represented by the Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing 
System (which statement shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of Gold 
Securities represented by the Global Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
10.10 Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
If the Gold Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security, the Global Bearer 
Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
10.10.1 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee all 
rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations appertaining 
hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
10.10.2 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous 
holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable or deliverable upon Redemption or 
otherwise payable or deliverable in respect of the Global Bearer Security and the Issuer waives 
as against such holder and any previous holder of the Global Bearer Security all rights of set-off 
or counterclaim that would or might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations 
evidenced by the Global Bearer Security; and 
10.10.3 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a good discharge 
against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Bearer Security. 
10.11 Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (i) 
all amounts of Gold to be delivered to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce in 
the case of Gold, (ii) all amounts of Gold to be delivered by the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 
0.001 fine troy ounce in the case of Gold (iii) all amounts of cash in the Relevant Currency to be paid to the 
Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest USD 0.01 (if the Relevant Currency is USD) or as specified in the 
Final Terms (if the Relevant Currency is not USD), and (iv) all amounts of cash in USD to be paid by the 
Issuer shall be rounded down to the nearest USD 0.01 (if the Relevant Currency is USD) or as specified in 
the Final Terms (if the Relevant Currency is not USD), in each case as may be adjusted by the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent on its behalf) from time to time, including to reflect changes in rounding conventions 
in the trading of Gold or payments in the Relevant Currency.

--- Page 100 ---
M-58409406-6 
100 
 
11 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any of the Gold Securities of any Class remain Outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee and Joint Investment Managers: 
11.1 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of the following 
activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
11.1.1 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all or 
some only of the Gold Securities of any Class under the Programme as may be provided in these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Programme Documents and in connection therewith 
enter into or amend any Programme Documents or Security Documents accordingly; 
11.1.2 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured Property for a 
Class of Gold Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its 
obligations under such Class, and any relevant Programme Document or Security Document 
relating to such Class; 
11.1.3 
perform its respective obligations under any Gold Securities issued under the Programme, and 
any relevant Programme Document or Security Document entered into by it in connection with 
such Class, and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any such Class 
of Gold Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Class of Gold Securities 
issued under the Programme; 
11.1.4 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property or any other Programme Document or 
Security Document contemplated or permitted by the Conditions or such Programme Document 
or Security Document relating to any Class of Gold Securities; 
11.1.5 
subject as provided in the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed and in the 
Conditions relating to any Class of Gold Securities enforce any of its rights whether under the 
relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed, any other Programme Document, Security 
Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to any Class of Gold 
Securities or any Secured Property relating to any such Class; 
11.1.6 
issue unsecured debt securities, on the conditions that (i) the proceeds of such debt securities 
shall be used by the Issuer to disburse loans to the holder(s) of such debt securities; and (ii) the 
holder of such debt securities shall have no right to enforce the obligations of the Issuer 
thereunder; and 
11.1.7 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above (which shall 
include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other administrative or 
management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to keep it operating and/or to 
comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it); 
11.2 
cause or permit the terms of the Security granted under the Trust Deed or the applicable Security Deed 
and the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the applicable Security Deed, as 
applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust 
Deed, Security Deed, and/or the Conditions relating to such Class of Gold Securities); 
11.3 
release any party to the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed or any other relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document relating to a Class of Gold Securities from any existing 
obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Deed, and/or the 
Conditions relating to such Class of Gold Securities); 
11.4 
have any subsidiaries;

--- Page 101 ---
M-58409406-6 
101 
 
11.5 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Security constituted by the Trust 
Deed or each relevant Security Deed or any other part of the Secured Property in respect of any Class of 
Gold Securities or Secured Property or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any 
charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent it relates to the Issuer) except 
in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Gold Securities of any such Class, the Investment 
Management Agreement, the relevant Trust Deed for any such Class, the applicable Security Deed and 
any other Programme Document relating to any such Class as may be applicable; 
11.6 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of any of 
the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, any Security Deed or any other Programme Document or Security 
Document relating to any Class of Gold Securities (other than as contemplated or permitted by the 
Conditions and the relevant Programme Documents or Security Documents); 
11.7 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, any Security Deed and 
the Conditions for any Class of Gold Securities); 
11.8 
have any employees; 
11.9 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the time of its 
incorporation) or make any distribution to its shareholders; 
11.10 declare any dividends; 
11.11 open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such account (i) relates 
to a Class of Gold Securities, a Custody Agreement, any Secured Property relating to a Class of Gold 
Securities or any party thereto and the Issuer's interest in such account is simultaneously charged in favour 
of the Security Trustee,  so as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating to such Class of Gold 
Securities, or (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and management of the Issuer and only 
moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
11.12 purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities); 
11.13 guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter into 
any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of such entity or 
person or any other entity or person; 
11.14 acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any agreements 
whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
11.15 except as contemplated by any relevant Programme Document, Security Document, the Conditions 
relating to a Class of Gold Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by Condition 11.6 (Restrictions) 
above, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, property or 
other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Class of Gold Securities, to any other entity or 
person; 
11.16 subject as provided in paragraph 11.1 above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other 
than (subject to Conditions 6 (Security) and 16 (Issue of Further Tranches and Classes of Gold Securities)) 
issuing further Gold Securities under the Programme (which may or may not form a single Class with the 
Gold Securities of any Class and may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring 
further obligations relating to such Gold Securities, provided that: 
11.16.1 
if such further Gold Securities are not to form a single Class with any other Class of Gold 
Securities, such further Gold Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other

--- Page 102 ---
M-58409406-6 
102 
 
than (i) the assets which are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Trust Deed 
relating to any other Class of Gold Securities, and (ii) the Issuer's share capital; and 
11.16.2 
such further Gold Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets which are 
the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document relating to the Class of 
Gold Securities with which such Gold Securities are to form a single Class, all in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Issue of further Tranches and Classes of Gold Securities) of the relevant Class of 
Gold Securities, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the Trustee is 
obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as 
specified in its memorandum and articles of association. 
12 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the Gold Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of Principal 
in respect of the Gold Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount Outstanding was made or (if earlier) 
the date 7 days after that on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the Relevant Date) save that if 
the Gold Securities are in global bearer form claims in respect of Principal in respect of the relevant Global 
Bearer Security shall become void unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a 
period of 10 years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13 
ENFORCEMENT 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
direct the Security Trustee to take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, as it 
may think fit to enforce the rights of the holders of the Gold Securities against the Issuer whether the same 
arise under general law, the Trust Deed or the Gold Securities, any other relevant Programme Document 
or otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless, in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities then Outstanding and it shall have 
been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. Each Class of Securityholders shall 
act independently in directing the Trustee to take such action as set out in this Condition 13 (Enforcement), 
and any action so taken by the Trustee shall relate only to the right of the Securityholders of such 
applicable Class of Gold Securities. 
None of the holders of the Gold Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Security Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Security Deed, fails 
or is unable to do so within 60 days following such direction and provision of prefunding and/or security 
and/or indemnity neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
None of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Security 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the applicable Security Deed, 
fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The Securityholders acknowledge and agree that only the Security Trustee, may enforce the Security over 
the Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed and each relevant 
Security Deed. 
The Security Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by any 
Security Deed which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation, or (ii) cause it to

--- Page 103 ---
M-58409406-6 
103 
 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) in the 
performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
14 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND 
RESTRICTIONS  
14.1 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders to each Class of Gold 
Securities to consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the relevant class of Gold Securities (including these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust 
Deed insofar as the same may apply to such Class of Gold Securities). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Securityholders of the relevant Class of Gold Securities of the relevant Class of Gold Securities or agents 
present in person holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the number of the 
Gold Securities of such Class for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or 
more Securityholders of the relevant Class of Gold Securities or agents present in person being or 
representing Securityholders of such Class, whatever the number of the Gold Securities of such class so 
held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on 
all the Securityholders, of such class whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution 
proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or Redemption of the Gold Securities of such Class, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the Principal Amount payable on Redemption of, the Gold Securities of such Class, 
(iii) to change any method of calculating the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or Metal Entitlement per 
Security, (iv) to change the currency or currencies of payment or Principal Amount of the Gold Securities, 
(v) to take any steps which as specified in the Trust Deed may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, (vi) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders of such Class or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this 
exception, or (viii) to modify any other provisions specifically identified for this purpose in the Trust Deed, or 
an applicable relevant Security Deed, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Securityholders of 
such Class, the quorum at which shall be two or more Securityholders of the relevant such Class of Gold 
Securities or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent. 
of the number of Gold Securities of the relevant such Class of Gold Securities for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, two or more Securityholders of such Class or agents present in 
person being or representing in the aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the Gold 
Securities of such Class so held or represented (provided that at an adjourned meeting convened for the 
purpose of reducing the Principal Amount of the Gold Securities following a Market Value Event Date, the 
quorum shall be two or more Securityholders of the relevant Class of Gold Securities or agents whatever 
the number of Gold Securities so held or represented). The holder of a Bearer Security or Registered 
Security in global form representing all of the Gold Securities for the time being outstanding will be treated 
as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum requirements. A resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Gold Securities of the 
relevant Class of Gold Securities for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Securityholders of such Class. 
14.2 
Modification of the relevant Programme Documents and Security Documents 
14.2.1 
Subject to Condition 14.3.6 (Substitution), each of the Trustee and the Security Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee or, as applicable, the 
Security Trustee is a party which is, in the opinion of the Trustee or, as applicable, the Security 
Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is

--- Page 104 ---
M-58409406-6 
104 
 
necessary or desirable for the operational functioning of the Programme, (ii) any modification to 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee 
or, as applicable, the Security Trustee is a party which is made in connection with the accession 
of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme (an AP Modification) provided that the Issuer 
has certified in writing to the Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee that any such 
modification is (a) in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of any Class of 
Securityholder, and (b) has been drafted solely for the purposes of an AP Modification upon 
which certification the Trustee and/or, as applicable, the Security Trustee may rely without any 
obligation to investigate or verify or form its own opinion, and (iii) any other modification, and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee or, 
as applicable, the Security Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee or, as 
applicable, the Security Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Securityholders and, if the 
Trustee or, as applicable, the Security Trustee so requires, such modification will be notified by 
the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 
14.2.2 
Without prejudice to 14.2.1(ii), the Issuer may agree without the consent of the Trustee and the 
Security Trustee to enter into an Authorised Participant Agreement with a new Authorised 
Participant. 
14.3 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, but subject to the prior consent of each 
Authorised Participant, agree to the substitution, in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents or Security Documents to which it 
is a party and the Gold Securities of each Class, of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) 
(any such substitute company being the Substituted Obligor),if the following conditions are satisfied: 
14.3.1 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, any Security Deed 
and the Gold Securities of each Class (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, each 
Security Deed and the Gold Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
14.3.2 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed and 
any Security Deed and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the Security 
constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was 
originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
14.3.3 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor's financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
14.3.4 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with the 
assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its 
obligations under, the Gold Securities of each Class and any Programme Document and Security 
Document have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the time of 
substitution in full force and effect; 
14.3.5 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that each 
relevant Programme Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as

--- Page 105 ---
M-58409406-6 
105 
 
the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply with such 
other requirements in the interests of the Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
14.3.6 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the Gold Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time governing 
such Gold Securities and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or any 
Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such Securityholders; 
14.3.7 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee may 
direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
14.3.8 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14.3 (Substitution) and the Trust Deed will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed, the Gold Securities and the other relevant Programme Documents and Security Documents. The 
Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of 
the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 14.3 (Substitution) and the Trust Deed, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other 
Programme Documents and Security Documents and the Gold Securities as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Programme 
Documents and Security Documents and the Gold Securities shall be deemed to be amended as 
necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
14.4 
Entitlement of the Trustee and Security Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions under the 
relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a 
Class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the 
Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Securityholders.  
So long as the Gold Securities are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf of the 
Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of Securityholders, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global 
Security and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were the 
holder(s) thereof. 
14.5 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to 
recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes 
such prohibition to void the transfer of such Gold Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem 
any such Gold Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities on behalf 
of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefore or the market value (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Metal Entitlement per Security prevailing at the time such 
transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 14.5 (Prohibition on U.S. persons) have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 106 ---
M-58409406-6 
106 
 
14.6 
ERISA prohibition 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of, 
(a)(i) an Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility 
requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) applies (a Plan), or (iii) an entity whose constituent assets include 
Plan Assets (as determined pursuant to the Plan Assets Regulation issued by the United States 
Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of 
any such Employee Benefit Plan's or Plan's investment in the entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental 
plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation 
that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a Similar Law) 
unless its acquisition and holding and disposition of such Security, or any interest therein, has not and will 
not constitute a violation of such Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise 
any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes such 
prohibition to void the transfer of such Gold Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any 
such Gold Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities on behalf 
of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefore or the market value (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Metal Entitlement per Security prevailing at the time such 
transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 14.6 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
15 
REPLACEMENT OF GOLD SECURITIES 
If a Gold Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London, or such other Agent as the case may be, as may, from 
time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Securityholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Gold Security is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Gold Security) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Gold Securities must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
16 
ISSUE OF FURTHER TRANCHES AND CLASSES OF GOLD SECURITIES 
16.1 
Further Tranches and Classes 
Subject to Condition 6 (Security), the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or 
any Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised Participant 
Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Gold 
Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Class with 
the Gold Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur 
further obligations relating to such securities. 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the Gold Securities 
by delivering a valid Subscription Form subject to and in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Form and issue Gold Securities if: 
16.1.1 
a Subscription Form is determined to be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer;

--- Page 107 ---
M-58409406-6 
107 
 
16.1.2 
the acceptance of such Subscription Form will not cause the Programme Maximum Number of 
Gold Securities to be exceeded;  
16.1.3 
the number of Gold Securities that are the subject of the Subscription Form is greater than the 
Subscription Minimum (defined below); and 
16.1.4 
all other conditions precedent to an issue of the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, 
payment of the Subscription Fee) are satisfied.  
In any event, the Issuer is entitled to reject any Subscription Form at any time, at its discretion. 
Without prejudice to Condition 9 (Disruption Events), the Issuer may suspend the issuance of further Gold 
Securities at any time. If a Subscription Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not accept any 
Subscription Forms for the Gold Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant 
notice to the Calculation Agent and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies 
such Programme Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the Gold Securities. The 
effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the related notice and will be a day not earlier 
than the Business Day following the date of such notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after 
giving any notice of suspension of subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Form which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in respect of 
which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the occurrence of an Event 
of Default, each such Subscription Form shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the 
occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Form which is valid but in respect of which the Gold Securities are pending 
issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Compulsory Redemption Date or the 
date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (due to the Subscription Settlement Date not 
having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised Participant not having delivered in full the relevant 
Subscription Amount on a Subscription Settlement Date falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such 
Subscription Form shall automatically be cancelled with effect from such Compulsory Redemption Date or 
date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not delivered the related Subscription Amount a Compulsory Redemption Event 
occurs or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is delivered, the Gold Securities issued on any such 
Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant shall 
automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Compulsory Redemption 
Date or date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). Gold Securities 
requested for issue and Subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by 
such Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
Any new securities forming a single Class with the Gold Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed relating to such Class will, upon the issue 
thereof by the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed without any 
further formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant 
or other restriction in the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of Gold Securities and shall be 
secured by the Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such 
new securities) and references in these Conditions to Secured Parties, Secured Property, Secured 
Liabilities and Gold Securities shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 108 ---
M-58409406-6 
108 
 
16.2 
Consolidation and division of Tranches and Classes 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Gold Securities into Gold Securities of the same Class but 
with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Metal Entitlement (if applicable). Such 
consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Gold Securities a Securityholder would become entitled to a 
fraction of a Gold Security the Issuer will Redeem such fractional Gold Security. 
17 
NOTICES 
17.1 
All notices to holders of Gold Securities shall be valid if: 
17.1.1 
they are published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to 
have been received by the holders; or 
17.1.2 
for so long as the Gold Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are published 
in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority; or 
17.1.3 
for so long as the Gold Securities are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of the 
Gold Securities represented by a Global Security are given by their being delivered (so long as 
the Global Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing 
System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Security, rather than by publication as required 
above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Gold Securities 
on the Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice was given to 
the Relevant Clearing System. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
18 
RELEVANT CLEARING SYSTEM 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the 
Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
19 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, each relevant Security Deed and the Gold Securities (including any Global Security), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Irish law. 
19.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Gold Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Gold Securities (Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the 
ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of

--- Page 109 ---
M-58409406-6 
109 
 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 110 ---
M-58409406-6 
110 
 
SECTION 12 – TAX  
A. 
General  
The section contains a general discussion of the anticipated tax treatment of Securityholders in certain 
countries in respect of Gold Securities. This section is limited to Ireland, Germany, and Norway. The 
discussion is based on laws, regulations, rulings and decisions (and interpretations thereof) currently in 
effect, all of which are subject to change. Any such change may have retroactive effect. The discussion is 
intended for general information only, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Gold Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the Gold 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under Gold Securities may result in tax consequences to any 
investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction  of 
residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors should 
consult their own professional advisors concerning such possible tax consequences. 
The following statements are by way of a general guide to potential investors only and do not constitute 
legal or tax advice. Potential investors are therefore advised to consult their professional advisors 
concerning the income and other possible taxation consequences of purchasing, holding, selling or 
otherwise disposing of the Gold Securities under the laws of their jurisdiction.  
Shareholders and potential investors should note that the following statements on taxation are based on 
advice received by the Issuer regarding the law and practice in force in the relevant jurisdiction at the 
Prospectus Date and proposed regulations and legislation in draft form. As is the case with any investment, 
there can be no guarantee that the tax position or proposed tax position prevailing at the time an 
investment in Gold Securities is made will endure indefinitely. 
B. 
Taxation – Ireland 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies of 
ownership of the Gold Securities based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. It deals with Securityholders who beneficially 
own their Gold Securities as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain 
classes of taxpayers holding Gold Securities, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc. The summary does 
not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only.   
While it is noted that the Gold Securities do not give rise to periodic interest payments, the below 
provisions should apply were any payments on the Gold Securities to be treated as a payment of interest. 
Prospective investors in the Gold Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Gold Securities and the receipt of any 
return thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile.  
Taxation of Holders of Gold Securities  
Withholding Tax   
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or 
on account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Gold Security so long as interest paid on the 
relevant Gold Security does not come within certain anti-avoidance rules (as described below under the 
heading "Deductibility of Interest") and meets the following conditions:

--- Page 111 ---
M-58409406-6 
111 
 
(i) 
the Gold Securities are quoted Eurobonds i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as 
the Issuer), which are listed on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and which 
carry a right to interest; and  
(ii) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, 
either:  
(a) 
the Gold Securities are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; (DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so 
recognised); or  
(b) 
the holder of the Gold Securities is beneficially entitled to interest payable in respect of the 
Gold Securities, is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person 
(such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form; and  
(iii) 
interest which is profit dependent and which is paid out on the Gold Securities could, under certain 
anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a distribution and subject to dividend withholding 
tax in certain circumstances. However, this should not apply where, at the time the Gold Securities 
were issued, the Issuer was not in possession or aware of any information which could reasonably 
be taken to indicate that interest or other distributions paid on the Gold Securities would not be 
subject, without reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest or other 
distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains 
received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside that relevant territory, where the 
term "relevant territory" means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a 
country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty (each, a Relevant Territory).  
Thus, so long as the Gold Securities continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin, are held in DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and the Issuer satisfies paragraph (iii) above, interest on the Gold 
Securities can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer free of any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the Gold Securities continue to be quoted but cease to be 
held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Gold Securities may be paid without any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent 
outside Ireland and the Issuer has provided the confirmations set out in paragraph (iii) above.   
Deductibility of Interest  
(i) Finance Act 2016 and 2017 anti-avoidance rules 
Anti-avoidance rules restrict the deductibility of interest paid by a qualifying company (such as the Issuer) 
that is profit dependent or exceeds a reasonable commercial return to the extent that the interest is 
associated with a 'specified property business' carried on by that qualifying company. A 'specified property 
business' of a qualifying company means, subject to a number of exceptions, a business of holding 
'specified mortgages', units in an IREF (being a specified form of investment undertaking within the 
meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive their value or the greater part of their 
value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land. A 'specified mortgage' for this purpose is (i) a loan which is 
secured on, and which derives its value from, or the greater part of its value from, directly or indirectly, Irish 
land, (ii) a 'specified agreement' (effectively a profit dependent derivative) which derives its value, or the 
greater part of its value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land or a loan to which (i) above applies, (iii) the 
portion of a specified security (essentially a security in respect of which, if the anti-avoidance rules did not 
apply to it, payments on that security would be deductible under Section 110 of the TCA) that is attributable 
to the specified property business in accordance with the rules or (iv) units in an IREF (being a specified 
form of investment undertaking within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA).  
The legislation treats the holding of such assets as a separate business to the rest of the qualifying 
company's activities. The qualifying company is taxed on any profit that is attributable to that business at

--- Page 112 ---
M-58409406-6 
112 
 
25% and any such interest that is profit dependent or exceeds a reasonable commercial return, subject to a 
number of exceptions, is not deductible and potentially subject to Irish withholding tax at 20%.  
Accordingly, on the basis that the Issuer will not acquire 'specified mortgages' (within the meaning of 
Section 110 of the TCA), units in an IREF (being a specified form of investment undertaking within the 
meaning of Chapter 1B, Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive the greater part of their value, directly or 
indirectly, from Irish land, these rules should not apply to this transaction.  
(ii)  Finance Act 2021 interest limitation rules 
An anti-avoidance rule introduced for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 provides 
that interest costs in excess of the higher of (a) EUR 3,000,000 or (b) 30% of an Issuer's earnings before 
interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation will not be deductible in the year in which they are incurred but 
would remain available for carry forward.   
These interest limitation rules would not have a material impact on the Issuer to the extent that the return 
on gold linked to the Gold Securities constitutes a return which is "interest equivalent" (within the meaning 
of section 835AY of the TCA).  In the absence of guidance from the Revenue Commissioners at this time it 
cannot be confirmed that the return on the underlying gold can be treated as "interest equivalent".   
Irrespective of whether the return on the underlying gold constitutes interest equivalent or not, the 30% 
interest limitation restriction should not apply to the extent that the Issuer: 
(A)  
qualifies as a Single Company Worldwide Group within the meaning of section of 835AY of the 
TCA; 
Broadly the Issuer will constitute a Single Company Worldwide Group where (i) it is not a member of a 
"worldwide group" (i.e. is not included in the same consolidated financial statements as another entity 
under generally accepted accounting practice (GAAP) or an alternative body of accounting standards laid 
down in certain jurisdictions), (ii) it is not a member of an "interest group" (i.e. where no election is made to 
be treated as such) or (iii) it is not a "standalone entity" (i.e. on the basis that the entire share capital in the 
Issuer is held by Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited on trust for charitable purposes).  
(B)  
is not making payments on the Gold Securities or otherwise to an entity with which it is an 
"associated enterprise" within the meaning of section 835AA of the TCA: and 
Broadly, associated enterprises refer to (i) enterprises with at least a 25 per cent equity relationship or 
voting rights (ii) enterprises included in the same consolidated financial statements prepared under 
international accounting standards (IAS) or Irish GAAP (or would be so included if consolidated statements 
were prepared under IAS) subject to certain exceptions or (iii) enterprises where one enterprise has 
significant influence in the management of the other enterprise. 
(C)  
makes an election to operate the "equity ratio" within the meaning of section 835AAL of the TCA. 
Broadly, the "equity ratio" is a measure of the Issuer's equity to assets which, subject to not being a 
consolidated entity under (B) above, should result in the interest limitation restriction not applying to the 
Issuer. 
Encashment Tax  
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 20 per cent. from a payment on any Gold Security 
where such payment is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any 
holder of the Gold Securities. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of 
the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the

--- Page 113 ---
M-58409406-6 
113 
 
encashment agent or bank; or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the 
charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest.  
Income Tax, PRSI and Universal Social Charge  
Notwithstanding that a holder of the Gold Securities may receive interest on the Gold Securities free of 
withholding tax, the holder of the Gold Securities may still be liable to pay Irish income tax with respect to 
payments on the Gold Securities. Holders of the Gold Securities resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland 
who are individuals may be liable to pay Irish income tax, pay related social insurance (PRSI) contributions 
and the universal social charge in respect of income they receive on Gold Securities.   
Income payments on the Gold Securities may have an Irish source and therefore may be within the charge 
to Irish income tax, notwithstanding that the Securityholder is not resident in Ireland. In the case of holders 
of the Gold Securities who are non-resident individuals such holders may also be liable to pay the universal 
social charge in respect of payments they receive on the Gold Securities. Ireland operates a self-
assessment system in respect of tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor 
ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope.  
There are a number of exemptions from Irish income tax available to certain non-residents. Firstly, any 
interest payments made by the Issuer are exempt from income tax so long as the Issuer is a qualifying 
company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA, the recipient is not resident in Ireland and is resident 
in a Relevant Territory and the interest is paid out of the assets of the Issuer. Secondly, interest payments 
made by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business to a company are exempt from income 
tax provided the recipient company is not resident in Ireland and is either resident in a Relevant Territory 
which imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that Relevant Territory by companies 
from sources outside that Relevant Territory or, where the interest is exempted from the charge to Irish 
income tax under the terms of a double tax agreement which is either in force or which will come into force 
once all ratification procedures have been completed. Thirdly, interest paid by the Issuer free of withholding 
tax under the quoted Eurobond exemption is exempt from income tax where the recipient is a person not 
resident in Ireland and resident in a Relevant Territory or is a company not resident in Ireland which is 
under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of person(s) who by virtue of the law of a Relevant Territory 
are resident for the purposes of tax in a Relevant Territory and is not under the control of person(s) who 
are not so resident or is a company where the principal class of shares of the company or its 75% parent is 
substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange. For the purpose of these exemptions 
and where not specified otherwise, residence is determined under the terms of the relevant double taxation 
agreement or, in any other case, the law of the country in which the recipient claims to be resident. Interest 
falling within the above exemptions is also exempt from the universal social charge.  
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which the Gold Securities are held or attributed may have a 
liability to Irish corporation tax on payments received under the Gold Securities.  
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient.  
Income payments on the Gold Securities which do not fall within the above exemptions is within the charge 
to income tax, and, in the case of holders of the Gold Securities who are individuals, the charge to the 
universal social charge.  
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of the Gold Securities will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of the Gold 
Securities unless (i) such holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland or (ii) such holder carries 
on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Gold Securities were used or held 
or (iii) the Gold Securities cease to be listed on a stock exchange in circumstances where the Gold

--- Page 114 ---
M-58409406-6 
114 
 
Securities derive their value or more than 50% of their value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or 
exploration rights.   
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance of Gold Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax (which subject to 
available exemptions and reliefs, is currently levied at 33 per cent) if either (i) the disponer or the 
donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in 
certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the 
donee/successor) on the relevant date or (ii) if the  Gold Securities are regarded as property situate in 
Ireland (i.e. if the Gold Securities are physically located in Ireland or the register of the Notes is maintained 
in Ireland).  
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Gold 
Securities provided the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the 
proceeds of the issuance of the Gold Securities are used in the course of the Issuer's business (on the 
basis of an exemption provided for in Section 85(2)(c) of the Irish Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999).  
D. 
Taxation – Germany  
The following is a brief summary of some important principles of German tax law that may be of relevance 
for Securityholders acquiring, redeeming, holding or selling Gold Securities. The summary does not fully 
cover all aspects of German tax law that may be of relevance to Gold Securities. The summary is based on 
German tax law as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It should also be noted that the taxation of 
Securityholders may change at any time as a result of new legislation, court practice or decrees issued by 
the relevant taxation authorities, potentially with retroactive effect. 
German Securityholders interested in acquiring the Gold Securities should consult their tax advisors with 
regard to any tax consequences that may be involved in acquiring, redeeming, holding, selling or otherwise 
transferring the Gold Securities. Only a tax advisor is able to adequately assess the individual tax situation 
of a specific investor. 
Tax residents 
Natural and legal persons who are resident, have their habitual abode, have their statutory seat or principal 
place of management in Germany are subject to resident taxation in Germany (unbeschränkte 
Steuerpflicht). 
No current income 
There will be no current income in the form of interest or similar payments under the Gold Securities. 
Taxation of capital gains derived from the disposition of Gold Securities or from the redemption of Gold 
Securities held as personal assets 
Private individuals who are tax resident in Germany and who hold the Gold Securities as personal assets 
(Privatvermögen) are subject to German personal income tax (Einkommensteuer) with regard to income 
derived from the Gold Securities as follows: 
On 12 May 2015 the German Federal Fiscal Court (Bundesfinanzhof, BFH) rendered decisions (VIII R 
35/14, BStBl. II 2015, p. 834; VIII R 4/15, BStBl. II 2015, p. 835; VIII R 19/14, BFH/NV 2015, p. 1559) 
stating that the disposition or redemption of securities which represent a claim to receive precious metals 
(including gold, i.e. the Metal Entitlement) is not subject to the German flat tax regime for investment

--- Page 115 ---
M-58409406-6 
115 
 
income (Abgeltungssteuer). These decisions of the 8th Chamber (Senat) of the BFH were confirmed by a 
subsequent decision of the 9th Chamber on 6 February 2018 (IX R 33/17, BStBl. II 2018, p. 525). 
Moreover, on 16 June 2020 the 8th Chamber of the BFH has continued its case law (VIII R 7/17, BStBl. II 
2019, p. 9). 
The BFH has ruled that securitized claims against the issuer for the delivery of physical gold, which reflect 
the current gold price, are not subject to the German flat tax regime for investment income 
(Abgeltungssteuer), provided the issuer is obliged to use almost all of proceed from the issuance for the 
acquisition of gold. Further, the BFH has expressly stipulated that this qualification is not jeopardized if in 
particular situations – e.g. in case of regulatory restrictions for the acquisition of (precious) metals – only a 
claim for repayment of money is available. Moreover, the BFH ruled that this also applies if, according to 
the terms and conditions of the securities, the holder may demand payment of the proceeds from the sale 
of the gold deposited on his behalf instead of delivery of the gold upon termination of the securities, 
because in this case, too, primarily a payment in kind is owed. Finally, the BFH also mentions that it is not 
relevant whether or not the securities are traded on a regulated stock exchange or whether they are 
privately traded only. 
The German tax administration has endorsed this position in the general decree on the application of the 
flat tax on investment income (Abgeltungssteuer) (decree of the Federal Ministry of Finance 
(Bundesfinanzministerium, 
BMF) 
of 
19 
May 
2022, 
published 
online 
by 
the 
BMF: 
https://www.bundesfinanzministerium.de/Content/DE/Downloads/BMF_Schreiben/Steuerarten/Abgeltungst
euer/2022-05-19-einzelfragen-zur-abgeltungsteuer.pdf?__blob=publicationFile&v=3,, Decree). According 
to the Decree a metal entitlement under a security would not qualify as a regular claim for repayment of a 
certain amount of money (Kapitalforderung), which would be subject to the flat tax on investment income 
(Abgeltungssteuer), provided (i) the issuer is obliged to use almost all of the proceeds from the issuance for 
the acquisition of (precious) metal and (ii) there is only (a) a right to delivery of the metal or (b) a right to 
payment of the proceeds from the sale of the metal by the issuer. 
The below summary is based on the assessment that the Gold Securities are not subject to the German 
flat tax regime for investment income (Abgeltungssteuer). It should be noted that no binding tax ruling has 
been issued in this regard and that this assessment is therefore not binding on the German tax 
administration and/or the German tax courts. 
Capital gains 
The sale of the Gold Securities in general qualifies as a taxable event for the investor if such sale of the 
Gold Securities occurs within 12 months after their purchase, sec. 23 para. 1 sent. 1 no. 2 sent. 1 of the 
German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz; EStG; so-called privates Veräußerungsgeschäft). If a 
Securityholder has purchased more than one Gold Security at different dates, the Gold Security first 
purchased will be deemed to be first sold. A sale after the end of the 12 month holding period will not be a 
taxable transaction and profits therefore will be tax free, but losses are not tax-deductible at all. 
According to the case law of the BFH, the delivery of gold in case of redemption of a gold security does not 
qualify as a taxable disposition of the gold securities (judgement of 6 February 2018, IX R 33/17, BStBl. II 
2018, p. 525). The BFH has taken the view that a disposition within the meaning of sec. 23 EStG requires 
the transfer of an asset for consideration. In the case of the redemption, according to the view of the BFH, 
there is no such transfer for consideration because the investor only receives gold already attributed to him 
under the terms and conditions of the gold securities. Commercially the holder is in the same position as 
before the redemption. A taxation of any appreciation of the gold would therefore not be justified. Even 
though the judgement has been officially published by the German tax administration, it is important to note 
that the they have not yet specifically endorsed this particular point and that it might be arguable whether 
they  will follow the BFH in this respect. Therefore, there is a risk that the tax administration might treat the 
redemption as a taxable event if it occurs within the 12 months holding period after the acquisition of the 
Gold Securities.

--- Page 116 ---
M-58409406-6 
116 
 
Should the sale of the Gold Securities qualify as a taxable event because it occurs within the 12 months 
holding period the taxable income (profit or loss) corresponds to the difference between the sales proceeds 
and acquisition cost. Should the German tax administration not follow the above-mentioned BFH ruling, 
then in the case of a redemption during the holding period the taxable income would be determined as the 
difference between the fair value of the gold at the time of redemption and the acquisition cost. A profit is 
generally subject to personal income tax at ordinary progressive rates (up to 45% plus solidarity surcharge 
of 5.5% thereon and church tax, if applicable). 
A profit arising during the holding period will not be taxed if – after off-setting with profits or losses from 
other transactions falling under sec. 23 EStG – it i less than 600 Euro. Losses from transactions falling 
under sec. 23 EStG can only be off-set against profits resulting from other transactions falling under this 
provision in the same calendar year. Under certain conditions and with certain limitations a carry back and 
forward of losses exceeding that threshold is possible. 
Sale of physical gold after delivery 
In the case of delivery of physical gold a profit derived from a subsequent sale of gold generally is subject 
to personal income tax at ordinary progressive rates (up to 45% plus solidarity surcharge of 5.5% thereon 
and church tax, if applicable), provided the gold is sold within 12 months after the purchase of the Gold 
Securities. Applying the logic and principles of the above-mentioned case law of the BFH, the gold may be 
considered to be acquired at the time the Securityholder acquired the Gold Securities rather than on the 
subsequent date of the physical delivery of the gold. However, it should be noted that there currently is no 
published guidance of the German tax administration or case law on this particular point. The judgment of 
the BFH of 6 February 2018 (IX R 33/17, BStBl. II 2018, p. 525) does not make an explicit statement about 
this specific issue. A sale after the end of the 12 month holding period is not a taxable transaction. 
A profit arising during the holding period will not be taxed if – after off-setting with profits or losses from 
other transactions falling under sec. 23 EStG – it is less than 600 Euro. Losses from transactions falling 
under sec. 23 EStG can only be off-set against profits resulting from other transactions falling under this 
provision in the same calendar year. Under certain conditions and with certain limitations a carry back and 
forward of losses exceeding that threshold is possible. 
Withholding tax 
Proceeds resulting from transactions falling under sec. 23 EStG are not subject to German withholding tax. 
Tax assessment 
Taxable profits resulting from transactions falling under sec. 23 EStG need to be reported by the investor in 
his or her German personal tax return. The applicable tax rate is determined according to the ordinary 
progressive income tax schedule which reaches 45% in the highest bracket (plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge 
thereon and, if applicable, church tax). 
Taxation of capital gains derived from the sale of Gold Securities or from the redemption of Gold Securities 
held as business assets 
In the case of German tax resident Securityholders (private individuals and legal persons) which hold the 
Gold Securities as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) any capital gain will be subject to personal income 
tax (up to 45% plus solidarity surcharge of 5.5% thereon and church tax, if applicable) or corporate income 
tax at a rate of 15% (plus solidarity surcharge of 5.5% thereon) irrespective of any holding period. In 
addition, trade tax (Gewerbesteuer) might be levied. The trade tax rate depends on a local multiplier which 
is assessed by the competent municipality. 
The same applies in the case of delivery of physical gold upon redemption of the Gold Securities.

--- Page 117 ---
M-58409406-6 
117 
 
Non-resident taxation 
Profits derived by a non-resident Securityholder from the disposition of the Gold Securities, from the 
redemption of the Gold Securities or from the disposition of the gold physically delivered to him will not be 
taxed in Germany unless (i) the Gold Securities or the physical gold belong to the assets of a permanent 
establishment (including a permanent representative) or another fixed place of business maintained by the 
non-resident Securityholder in Germany or (ii) the income can be attributed to other German source 
income (e.g. rent income derived from domestic property). 
Should a non-resident Securityholder be subject to German taxation the same principles applicable to tax 
resident Securityholders would apply. 
Gift or inheritance tax 
A transfer of the Gold Securities by way of gift or on death will be subject to German inheritance or gift tax 
if the Securityholder, or its heir, donee or other beneficiary, is a German resident for German gift or 
inheritance tax purposes pursuant to the specific rules of the German Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 
(Erbschaftsteuergesetz). This may in particular be the case if the Securityholder, heir, donee or other 
beneficiary is: 
(i) 
an individual having at the time of the donation/gift or death his or her residence or habitual abode 
in Germany or if the individual is a German citizen who has not been living abroad for more than 5 
years without having a residence in Germany; or 
(ii) 
a corporation having its seat or central place of management in Germany; or 
(iii) 
the Gold Securities constitute business assets attributable to a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Germany. 
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or gift tax consequences in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
Other taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar direct or indirect taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issue, delivery or execution of the Gold Securities, the Global Bearer Certificates or 
any interest therein. No net asset tax is currently levied in Germany. 
There is in particular no German Value Added Tax (Umsatzsteuer, VAT) payable when Securityholders 
acquire or sell Gold Securities, as the purchase of investment gold (Anlagegold) also in the form of 
certificates which represent legal title or a contractual claim to investment gold is free of VAT;investment 
gold means gold in the form of a bar or a wafer of weights accepted by the bullion markets and of purity 
equal or greater than 995 thousandths (sec. 25c para. 2 no. 1 German Value Added Tax Act 
(Umsatzsteuergesetz; “UStG”)). 
The physical delivery of investment gold to German Securityholders is free of German VAT. 
OECD Common Reporting Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (CRS) to address 
the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximizing efficiency and reducing cost for 
financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of 
financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting

--- Page 118 ---
M-58409406-6 
118 
 
financial institutions and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of 
common due diligence and reporting procedures.  
Germany has enacted a law implementing the CRS. In the event that Securityholders hold the Gold 
Securities through a German financial institution (as meant in the German implementation of the CRS), 
Securityholders may be required to provide additional information to such financial institution to enable it to 
satisfy its obligations under the German implementation of the CRS. 
E. 
Taxation – Norway 
The following is a brief summary of some important principles of Norwegian tax law that may be of 
relevance for Securityholders acquiring, redeeming, holding or selling Gold Securities. The summary does 
not fully cover all aspects of Norwegian tax law that may be of relevance to Gold Securities. The summary 
is based on Norwegian tax law as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It should also be noted that the 
taxation of Securityholders may change at any time as a result of new legislation, court practice or decrees 
issued by the relevant taxation authorities, potentially with retroactive effect. 
Norwegian Securityholders interested in acquiring the Gold Securities should consult their tax advisors with 
regard to any tax consequences that may be involved in acquiring, redeeming, holding, selling or otherwise 
transferring the Gold Securities. Only a tax advisor is able to adequately assess the individual tax situation 
of a specific investor. 
The Gold Securities issued under the Programme have characteristics of debt instruments as well as 
characteristics of being an investment in movable property. Based on a review of the characteristics of the 
Gold Securities, it is likely that the Gold Securities should be classified as exchange traded 
notes/certificates (ETN/ETC) for Norwegian tax purposes.  
Under present Norwegian law, no Norwegian stamp duty or other taxes are payable in connection with the 
issues of the Gold Securities. The Gold Securities will not be subject to any Norwegian estate duties. 
Persons (corporate entities as well as personal individuals) considered resident in Norway for tax purposes 
will be subject to tax on gains or profits realised by such persons on the sale, disposal or redemption of the 
Gold Securities. Losses will as a main rule be tax deductible. At the date of this Prospectus, the income tax 
rate is 22 per cent. To the extent that individuals own the Gold Securities in relation to business activities 
carried out by that person in Norway, profits will be included in the business income subject to a marginal 
rate of taxation of 50.6% (2022 rates). 
For Norwegian individuals the Gold Securities will be included when calculating the net wealth tax. The 
current net wealth tax rate is 0.95% for net wealth up until NOK 20 million, and 1.1% for net wealth above 
NOK 20 million.  
Capital gains generated by holders that are not resident in Norway for tax purposes, are not taxable in 
Norway unless the non-Norwegian holder owns the Gold Securities in connection with the conduct of a 
trade or business in Norway.

--- Page 119 ---
M-58409406-6 
119 
 
SECTION 13 – CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT  
A. 
Issue 
The Gold Securities may be issued: 
(a) 
in bearer form, including in NGN form, and in CGN form and serially numbered Bearer Securities; 
and 
(b) 
in registered form, including in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure and in 
CGN form) as Registered Securities. 
All Registered Securities of the same Class shall have the same Principal Amount. 
B. 
Form and Title  
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery.  
Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by registration in the Register.  
C. 
Relevant Clearing System  
Custodial or safekeeping links have been (or will be) established with the Relevant Clearing System. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, settlement of transactions in the Gold Securities will take place within 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
D. 
Euroclear and Clearstream  
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for participating organisations and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-
entry changes in accounts of such participants.   
Euroclear and Clearstream provide to their respective participants (Participants), services including: 
(a) 
safekeeping and administration; 
(b) 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities; and  
(c) 
securities lending and borrowing.  
Persons who clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Participant can access these services 
either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal with respect to book-entry interests in the Gold Securities held through Euroclear 
and Clearstream will be credited, to the extent received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, to the cash 
accounts of the relevant Participant in accordance with the Relevant Clearing System's procedures 
applicable to Gold Securities traded on the relevant platform. 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Class of Gold Securities is "intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility", such designation simply means that the Gold Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Gold 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will

--- Page 120 ---
M-58409406-6 
120 
 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Euroclear will be the Common Safekeeper. 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Class of Gold Securities is not "intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility", should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Gold Securities are capable of meeting them, the Gold Securities may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as Common Safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Gold Securities will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility.  
E. 
Records  
Gold Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). Gold Securities will be cleared through the Relevant Clearing 
System in whole numbers of Gold Securities only (for these purposes a Gold Security may be referred to 
as a unit by the Relevant Clearing System). 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Class Securities will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 121 ---
M-58409406-6 
121 
 
SECTION 14 – SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Gold Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following restrictions on offer and 
sales apply. 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for Gold Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised Participant(s) in 
respect of each Class of Gold Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This document has been approved as a Prospectus by the Central Bank in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authorities in Norway and Germany, with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer may in due course request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in additional EEA States 
with such certificates. The provisions set out in this section "Selling Restrictions" should be construed accordingly. 
A. 
Non-Exempt Offers  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Non-exempt Offers) in Norway and Germany; (the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Gold Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent as described below. 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Gold Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person who 
purchases any Gold Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by an Authorised Participant, where that offer 
is made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Gold Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of 
the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such 
offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective Securityholder is offered Gold Securities by a person 
which is not an Authorised Participant, the prospective Securityholder should check with such person 
whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
and, if so, who that person is. If a prospective Securityholder is in any doubt about whether it can rely on 
this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, that prospective Securityholder should 
take legal advice. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a Tranche of Gold Securities in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions 
during the Offer Period by any Authorised Participant named in the relevant Final Terms or any other financial 
intermediary in respect of the relevant Class of Gold Securities which is an investment firm within the meaning of 
MiFID2 and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID 2 in the relevant EEA State (an Authorised Offeror), 
provided that such Authorised Offeror complies with the selling restrictions set out herein. The Issuer will publish 
on its website (www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com) information relating to any new Authorised Offeror that was 
not an Authorised Offeror as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 122 ---
M-58409406-6 
122 
 
Any Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus must state on its own website that it uses this Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the consent and conditions contained in this Base Prospectus.   
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made.  
Any offer or sale of the Gold Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offer and 
such investor including price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Where such information is 
not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of the applicable 
Authorised Offeror at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that information and none 
of the Issuer, the Joint Investment Managers, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Agent or any 
other Authorise Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information.  
B. 
Arrangements between a Securityholder and the Authorised Participant who will distribute the 
Gold Securities 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Participant (or any 
such other person purporting to be an Authorised Offeror), including compliance by an Authorised 
Participant with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
A prospective Securityholder intending to acquire or acquiring any Gold Securities from an Authorised 
Participant will do so, and offers and sales of the Gold Securities to such prospective Securityholders by an 
Authorised Participant will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between that Authorised Participant and such prospective Securityholder including as to price, allocations 
and settlement arrangements. These terms shall be provided to such prospective Securityholder by that 
Authorised Participant at the time the offer is made. The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements with such prospective Securityholder and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not 
contain such information. Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has any responsibility or liability 
for such information.  
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the 
content of this Base Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer 
of the Gold Securities in any of Norway and/or Germany by any Authorised Offeror. Such consent applies 
to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the 
Prospectus Date (the Offer Period) unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published 
on the Issuer's Website. Any public offer of the Gold Securities in Norway and Germany will be conducted 
by an Authorised Offeror in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
C. 
Offers by Authorised Participants  
In the event of a public offer in any Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, the Gold Securities may be offered and 
sold to persons who are legally eligible to participate in a public offering of such securities in such 
jurisdiction under applicable laws and regulations. 
In relation to each EEA State, by entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised 
Participant represents and agrees that with effect from and including the Prospectus Date, it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Gold Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that EEA State, except that it 
may, with effect from and including the Prospectus Date, make an offer of such Gold Securities to the 
public in that EEA State: 
(a) 
in the case of a Non-exempt Offer, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the

--- Page 123 ---
M-58409406-6 
123 
 
Prospectus Regulation, following the Prospectus Date in relation to such Gold Securities which 
have been approved by the competent authority in the relevant EEA State, or, where appropriate, 
approved in another EEA State and notified to the competent authority in that EEA State in the 
period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Gold Securities referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an "offer of Gold Securities to the public" in 
relation to any Gold Securities in any EEA State means a communication in any form and by any means, 
presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Gold Securities to be offered, so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase those Gold Securities. 
D. 
Irish Selling Restrictions  
Further, by entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised Participant undertakes and 
agrees that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Gold Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Gold Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the PR Regulation, the RTS Regulation, and any applicable supporting 
law, rule or regulation and any Central Bank rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1363 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of practice and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank;  
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse 
(Directive 2014/57/EU or CSMAD or MAD II), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 (as amended) and any Central Bank rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs) (as amended); and 
(f) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989.

--- Page 124 ---
M-58409406-6 
124 
 
F. 
US Selling Restrictions  
The Gold Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States or any of its territories, possessions 
or other areas subject to its jurisdiction, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under any 
federal laws of the United States. The Gold Securities include Gold Securities in bearer form that are 
subject to US tax law requirements.  
No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the 
commodity futures trading commission (the CFTC). Any offer or sale of the Gold Securities must be made 
in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S 
thereunder (Regulation S).  
The Gold Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred in the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, persons who are either "US Persons" as defined in Regulation S or persons 
who do not come within the definition of a "Non-United States Person" under CFTC Rule 4.7 (excluding for 
the purposes of subsection (d) thereof, the exception to the extent it would apply to persons who are not 
Non-United States Persons). 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of,  
(a) 
 
(i) 
an Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA;  
(ii) 
any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code) applies (a Plan); or  
(iii) an entity whose constituent assets include Plan Assets (as determined pursuant to the Plan 
Assets Regulation issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit 
Plan's or Plan's investment in the entity, or  
(b) 
a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any federal, state, 
local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (a Similar Law) unless its acquisition and holding and disposition of 
such Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such Similar 
Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel 
any legal or beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes such prohibition to void the 
transfer of such Gold Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such Gold 
Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities 
on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefore or the 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Metal Entitlement per Security 
prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the Code.

--- Page 125 ---
M-58409406-6 
125 
 
SECTION 15 – DESCRIPTION OF THE FX COUNTERPARTY 
At the date of the Prospectus, no FX Counterparty has been engaged by the Issuer. None of the initial three 
Classes of Gold Securities will include FX hedging. The Issuer reserves the right to issue future Classes of Gold 
Securities where FX hedging may be used. In such instances, the Issuer shall engage FX Counterparties and 
enter into relevant FX Agreements.

--- Page 126 ---
M-58409406-6 
126 
 
SECTION 16 – ESG OVERVIEW OF THE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
The Edmond de Rothschild Group is committed to supporting positive changes that share our society. It is their 
belief that investments must have an impact on the real economy. 
The Edmond de Rothschild Group has been a signatory since 2015 of the United Nations Global Compact and a 
member of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). 
Certified Origin Physical Gold sources from smelters, mining companies and mines which have been selected 
through the screening of ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) criteria. All smelters and mining 
companies selected to contribute to industrial sourcing of Certified Origin Physical Gold are analysed and rated 
trough an internal ESG proprietary methodology. This methodology is based on the analysis of an exhaustive set 
of environmental, social and governance criteria which take into consideration the specifics of the company and 
the sector in which it operates. 
In addition, a proprietary ESG methodology has been developed specifically to analyse the mines, with 60 criteria 
including IRMA (Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance), RGMP (Responsible Gold Mining Principles) 
and SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) inputs. Examples of environmental criteria to assess 
mines are cyanide and mercury management, exposure to water stress and biodiversity impact. Examples of 
social criteria are labour relations, health and safety and engagement with communities. Examples of governance 
criteria are business ethics, potential controversies and taxes and royalties paid to local government.  
As part of the selection process, all smelters and mining companies selected have their head offices located in 
OECD countries and are alternatively, for smelters, LBMA (London Bullion Market Association) signatories, and 
for mining companies, WGC (World Gold Council) members. Country ESG analysis are added specifically to 
assess mines located in non OECD countries. 
The traceability of this selection of industrial gold sourcing is guaranteed by different means including blockchain. 
It should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular project to be defined as "sustainable" and if developed in the future, there is no 
guarantee that the Gold Securities would comply with any such definition.  
The EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/8521 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
development (the EU Taxonomy Regulation). The stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy Regulation is to establish 
the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes 
of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Gold Security to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, no should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any such Gold Security. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Gold Securities.  
In the event that any such Gold Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated) no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such 
                                                        
1 https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex:32020R0852

--- Page 127 ---
M-58409406-6 
127 
 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investor portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact or any projects or uses. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admissions to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any Gold Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Gold Securities.

--- Page 128 ---
M-58409406-6 
128 
 
SECTION 17 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
A. 
General 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the Issuer's financial 
position or profitability. 
B. 
Sources 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the referenced third-party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where third party information is used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information is identified.  
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
C. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Gold Securities remain Outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will be available in printed form for inspection by Securityholders and potential 
investors at the Registered Office of the Issuer at 3rd Floor, Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, during 
normal 
business 
hours 
on 
any 
Business 
Day, 
and 
also 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Issuer; 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
each Trust Deed; and  
(d) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer (once published). 
D. 
Issue Price  
The issue price is the Metal Entitlement per Security and will be determined before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Class based on the prevailing market conditions.  
E. 
Post-Issuance Information 
During the term of a Class of Gold Securities, the Issuer will publish (a) the Metal Entitlement per Security 
of each Class as described in Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold Securities; and 
(b) new information with respect to Authorised Participants unknown at the time of the Prospectus Date or 
the relevant Final Terms (as the case may be) on the Issuer's Website. In addition, the Issuer publishes the 
Bar List on each Business Day, which contains details of each bar of Gold held in the Secured Allocated 
Accounts.  
Save as mentioned in this section entitled Post-Issuance Information, the Issuer does not intend to provide 
any post-issuance information in relation to any Class of Gold Securities or the performance of any 
underlying assets.

--- Page 129 ---
M-58409406-6 
129 
 
F. 
Irish Regulatory Notices  
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Gold Securities. 
Any investment in the Gold Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the 
scope of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
G. 
Irish Listing Agent  
A&L Listing Limited, as the Irish Listing Agent, is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent in respect of 
the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank for the Issuer in connection with the Gold 
Securities and in seeking admission of the Gold Securities to the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
H. 
Website 
Any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
I. 
Data Protection Notice 
By completing the Subscription Form or the Redemption Form, a Securityholder is providing personal data 
to the Issuer. This Data Protection Notice is intended to ensure that the Securityholder is aware of what 
personal data the Issuer holds and how that data is used. The Issuer will use the Securityholder's personal 
data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below which describes the steps taken to ensure 
that the processing of personal data is in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 
2016/679) (GDPR), and any implementing legislation thereunder (Data Protection Legislation). 
This Data Protection Notice applies to Securityholders and to third parties whose information is provided by 
a Securityholder to the Issuer. The Issuer shall be considered a data controller in accordance with the Data 
Protection Legislation. 
The Securityholder must ensure that it provides a copy of this Data Protection Notice to any third parties 
whose personal data is provided to the Issuer. This Data Protection Notice applies to all personal data 
processed by the Issuer regardless of the media on which it is stored. The Issuer may update this Data 
Protection Notice at any time and will notify the Securityholder in writing of any changes. 
Personal data is any data relating to a living person who can be identified directly from that data, or 
indirectly in conjunction with other information. The Issuer will hold some or all of the following types of 
personal data: name, address, date of birth, bank details, telephone recordings etc. This personal data will 
be used by the Issuer for the purposes of: 
(a) 
carrying out legal and regulatory obligations which can include compliance with anti-money 
laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations; 
(b) 
disclosing personal data where required to do so by law or regulation which may include 
disclosure to third parties such as the auditors, the Irish Revenue Commissioners or other relevant 
tax authorities pursuant to applicable law; and 
(c) 
for any other legitimate business interests of the Issuer or a third party to whom the data is 
disclosed, where such interests are not overridden by the interests of the data subject, including 
for statistical analysis and market research purposes. 
Personal data will only be processed to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above for the Issuer's 
legitimate business interests. The Issuer will also process personal data as necessary to comply with legal 
obligations. The Issuer will inform the Securityholder in advance if it intends to further process personal

--- Page 130 ---
M-58409406-6 
130 
 
data for a purpose other than as set out above.  The Issuer may also seek the Securityholder's specific 
consent to the processing of personal data for other specific purposes. The Securityholder will have the 
right to withdraw such consent at any time. 
Failure to provide the required data may result in the Issuer being unable to process a Subscription Form 
or a Redemption Form, whichever is applicable. The Issuer will inform the Securityholder where the 
information asked for is a contractual requirement or needed to comply with legal obligations. 
The Securityholder's personal data will be disclosed to, and processed by, the Administrator, (who will be a 
data processor under the Data Protection Legislation) for the purposes of carrying out the services for the 
Issuer and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, including anti-money laundering legislation or 
foreign regulatory requirements. The Administrator may in turn disclose the Securityholder's personal data 
to agents or other third parties where necessary to carry out these purposes. 
The Issuer may also disclose the Securityholder's personal data to: 
(a) 
the money laundering reporting officer, the Calculation Agent, and any duly authorised agents and 
related, associated or affiliated companies; 
(b) 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(c) 
the Central Bank; 
(d) 
agents of the Administrator who process the data for anti-money laundering purposes or for 
compliance with foreign regulatory requirements; and 
(e) 
other third parties including financial advisors, regulatory bodies, auditors, technology providers.  
The Issuer will take all reasonable steps, as required by Data Protection Legislation, to ensure the safety, 
privacy and integrity of the Securityholders personal data and where appropriate, enter into contracts with 
such third parties to protect the privacy and integrity of such data and any information supplied. 
The Issuer may transfer the Securityholder's personal data to countries outside of Ireland which may not 
have the same data protection laws as Ireland. The Securityholder's personal data will not be transferred to 
a country outside of the EEA unless that country ensures an adequate level of data protection. The Issuer 
will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that personal data is treated securely, and that 
appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the privacy and integrity of such personal data, in 
accordance with Data Protection Legislation. The Securityholder should contact the Issuer if it wishes to 
obtain information concerning such safeguards. 
The Issuer takes all reasonable steps as required by Data Protection Legislation to ensure the safety, 
privacy and integrity of the Securityholder's personal data. The Issuer will retain personal data only for so 
long as is necessary to carry out the purposes set out above and to comply with any legal obligations. In 
determining appropriate retention periods, the Issuer shall have regard to the requirements of the Central 
Bank and its obligations to retain information, including under anti-money laundering, revenue and tax 
legislation.   
The Securityholder has a right to obtain a copy of, and the right to rectify any inaccuracies in, the personal 
data that the Issuer holds by making a request in writing. The Securityholder also has the right to request 
erasure, restriction, portability or object to the processing of personal data or not to be subject to a decision 
based on automated processing, including profiling. The Securityholder(s) should inform us of any changes 
to personal data. The Issuer will respond to requests in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as 
practicable and in any event not more than one month after receipt of a request.

--- Page 131 ---
M-58409406-6 
131 
 
The Securityholder has the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner if 
unhappy with how its personal data is being handled. If the Securityholder has any queries regarding this 
Data Protection Notice, it should contact the Issuer at www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com.

--- Page 132 ---
M-58409406-6 
132 
 
SECTION 18 – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€ 
€ ................................................................................. 32 
A 
Account Bank ........................................................... 58 
Account Bank Agreement ....................................... 58 
Accounts Directive ................................................... 42 
Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds ......................... 58 
Administration Agreement ...................................... 58 
Administrative Fee ................................................... 58 
Administrator ...................................................... 41, 58 
Affiliate ...................................................................... 32 
Agent Redemption Event Notice ....................... 58, 83 
Agents ....................................................................... 58 
Agreements and the Accounts ............................... 54 
AIFM .......................................................................... 30 
AIFMD ........................................................................ 30 
AIFs ........................................................................... 30 
AP Modification ........................................................ 96 
Applicable Irish and EU AML Legislation ............... 11 
Authorised Offeror ................................................. 110 
Authorised Participant ............................................. 58 
Authorised Participant Agreement ......................... 58 
Authorised Participants ............................................. 6 
B 
BaFIN ......................................................................... 32 
Balancing Sum ......................................................... 58 
Bank .......................................................................... 89 
Bar List ...................................................................... 32 
Bearer ........................................................................ 69 
Bearer Securities .......................................... 10, 58, 69 
Bullion Class ............................................................ 32 
Business Day ............................................................ 58 
C 
Calculation Agent ............................................... 42, 60 
Calculation Agent Breach .................................. 60, 90 
CEA.......................................................................... 113 
Central Bank ............................................................... 1 
Certificated ............................................................... 59 
Certificated Form ..................................................... 59 
CFTC........................................................................ 113 
CFTC Rules ............................................................. 113 
CGN ........................................................................... 59 
CJEU.......................................................................... 26 
Class.......................................................................... 59 
Class Issue Date ....................................................... 59 
Clearing System Business Day ............................... 59 
Clearstream .............................................................. 59 
Code .................................................................. 99, 113 
COMI .......................................................................... 26 
Common Depositary ................................................ 59 
Common Safekeeper ................................................ 59 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number .............................. 59 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date .................................... 59 
Compulsory Redemption ................................... 19, 59 
Compulsory Redemption Date ................................ 59 
Compulsory Redemption Event ........................ 59, 83 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date ....... 59, 87 
Compulsory Sale Number ........................................ 59 
Conditions ........................................................... 32, 60 
COVID-19 ................................................................... 15 
Custodian ............................................................ 44, 60 
Custody Agreements ............................................... 60 
Custody Redemption Event Notice ................... 60, 83 
D 
Daily Adjustment ...................................................... 60 
Daily Hedging Rate ................................................... 60 
Daily Hedging Variation ............................................ 60 
Data Protection Legislation ................................... 118 
Default Redemption Event Notice ..................... 60, 84 
Definitive Securities ................................................. 60 
Denomination ........................................................... 60 
Directive .................................................................... 28 
Directors .................................................................... 32 
Disrupted Redemption Method ............................... 88 
Disruption Event ................................................. 60, 87 
Disruption Postponable Date .................................. 88 
E 
EEA State .................................................................. 32 
Eligible Account Bank .............................................. 60 
Employee Benefit Plan ..................................... 98, 113 
Environmental, Social and Governance ............... 115 
ERISA ................................................................ 98, 113 
EU .............................................................................. 32 
EU Insolvency Regulation ....................................... 26 
EU Taxonomy Regulation ...................................... 115 
EUI ............................................................................. 60 
Euro ........................................................................... 32 
Euroclear ................................................................... 60 
Euronext Dublin .......................................................... 2 
Event of Default .................................................. 61, 84 
Exchange Date .................................................... 61, 70 
Extraordinary Resolution ......................................... 61 
F 
FCA ............................................................................ 32 
Final Terms ............................................................... 61 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date ........................... 61 
Fixed Charge ............................................................. 54 
Fixing ......................................................................... 32 
Fixing Price ............................................................... 32 
FSMA ......................................................................... 32

--- Page 133 ---
M-58409406-6 
133 
 
Further Tranche ........................................................ 61 
FX Agreement ........................................................... 61 
FX Counterparty ....................................................... 61 
G 
GAAP ....................................................................... 104 
GDPR ....................................................................... 118 
German Stock Exchange ........................................... 2 
Global Bearer Security............................................. 61 
Global Registered Certificate .................................. 61 
Global Security ......................................................... 61 
Gold ........................................................................... 33 
Gold Delivery ............................................................ 61 
Gold Forward Contracts ............................................ 7 
Gold Sale ................................................................... 61 
Gold Sale Date .......................................................... 61 
Gold Securities ................................................. 61, 100 
Good Delivery ........................................................... 33 
H 
Hedging Fee .............................................................. 33 
holder ........................................................................ 67 
I 
IAS ........................................................................... 104 
ICSD........................................................................... 33 
Index .................................................................... 50, 62 
Index Business Day ................................................. 62 
Index Disruption ....................................................... 62 
Individual Certificate ................................................ 62 
Individual Securities ................................................ 33 
Initial Metal Entitlement ........................................... 62 
Initial Tranche ........................................................... 62 
Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance ....... 115 
Investment Management Agreement ...................... 62 
ISIN .......................................................................... 109 
Issue Date ................................................................. 62 
Issuer......................................................................... 62 
Issuer Bank Account................................................ 33 
Issuer Call Redemption Event ................................. 62 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice ......................... 62, 83 
Issuer Insolvency Event .......................................... 62 
Issuer Redemption Cash Account .......................... 62 
Issuer Redemption Notice ................................. 62, 84 
Issuer's Website ....................................................... 62 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement ................. 63 
Issuing and Paying Agent ....................................... 63 
J 
Joint Investment Managers ....................................... 2 
K 
k ................................................................................. 35 
KYC.............................................................................. 8 
L 
LBMA ......................................................................... 63 
LBMA Gold Price ...................................................... 38 
LGD gold bar ............................................................. 37 
listed ............................................................................ 2 
London Bullion Market Association ..................... 115 
London Code ............................................................ 39 
Loss ........................................................................... 63 
LPMCL ....................................................................... 38 
M 
Management Fee ................................................ 33, 63 
Market Value Event Date .................................... 68, 82 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive ............ 33 
Master Trust Deed .............................................. 43, 57 
Member State ............................................................ 26 
Metal Agent ............................................................... 63 
Metal Auditor .......................................................... 134 
Metal Entitlement ................................................ 63, 71 
Metal Entitlement per Security ................................ 63 
Metal Reference Price .............................................. 33 
MiFID2 .................................................................... 1, 33 
N 
Net Redemption Sale Proceeds .............................. 63 
NGN ..................................................................... 63, 69 
Non-AP Securityholder ............................................ 63 
Non-Disrupted Day ................................................... 63 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions ............................ 110 
Non-exempt Offers ................................................. 110 
Norwegian Stock Exchange ...................................... 2 
Notice Deadline ........................................................ 63 
O 
Obligor ....................................................................... 63 
Offer Period ............................................................. 111 
On-Exchange ............................................................ 33 
Optional Redemption ............................................... 63 
OTC Market ............................................................... 33 
ounces ....................................................................... 33 
Outstanding .............................................................. 63 
oz ............................................................................... 33 
P 
Participants ............................................................. 108 
Payment Business Day ............................................ 64 
Plan .................................................................... 99, 113 
Plan Assets ....................................................... 99, 113 
Plan Assets Regulation .................................... 99, 113 
PR Regulation ......................................................... 112 
PRA ............................................................................ 33 
Price Source Disruption ........................................... 64 
Pricing Day ................................................................ 65 
PRIIPs ...................................................................... 113 
Principal .................................................................... 65

--- Page 134 ---
M-58409406-6 
134 
 
Principal Amount ..................................................... 65 
Proceedings ...................................................... 65, 101 
Programme ......................................................... 33, 57 
Programme Document ............................................. 65 
Programme Documents ........................................... 65 
Programme Effective Date ....................................... 65 
Programme Maximum Number of Gold Securities 65 
Programme Party ..................................................... 65 
Prohibited Metal Holder ........................................... 65 
Prohibited Physical Redemption ............................ 65 
Prospectus ........................................................ 33, 126 
Prospectus Date ....................................................... 33 
Prospectus Regulation .............................. 33, 65, 112 
PRSI ......................................................................... 105 
R 
Recast UCITS Directive............................................ 30 
Record Date .............................................................. 65 
Redeeming Securityholder ...................................... 65 
Redemption .............................................................. 65 
Redemption Fee ....................................................... 65 
Redemption Form .................................................... 65 
Redemption Limit ..................................................... 65 
Redemption Mechanism .......................................... 66 
Redemption Settlement Date .................................. 66 
Register ..................................................................... 66 
Registered ................................................................. 69 
Registered Office ..................................................... 34 
Registered Securities................................... 10, 66, 69 
Registrar ................................................................... 66 
Regulated Market ..................................................... 34 
Regulation S ........................................................... 113 
Relevant Association ............................................... 66 
Relevant Clearing System ....................................... 66 
Relevant Currency ................................................... 66 
Relevant Date ..................................................... 66, 95 
Relevant Market ........................................................ 34 
Relevant Provisions ................................................. 66 
Relevant Stock Exchange ........................................ 66 
Relevant Territory .................................................. 103 
Responsible Gold Mining Principles .................... 115 
RIS ............................................................................. 66 
RTS Regulation ...................................................... 112 
S 
Section 110 ............................................................... 23 
Secured Account ...................................................... 66 
Secured Accounts .................................................... 66 
Secured Allocated Account ..................................... 66 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement ................. 34 
Secured Liabilities ........................................... 66, 100 
Secured Parties ................................................ 66, 100 
Secured Property ............................................. 67, 100 
Securities Act ....................................................... 2, 67 
Securities Delivery Obligation ........................... 67, 79 
Security ..................................................................... 67 
Security Assignment ................................................ 54 
Security Deed ........................................................... 57 
Security Document ................................................... 67 
Security Trustee ....................................................... 57 
Securityholder .......................................................... 67 
Securityholder Cash Account ................................. 67 
Securityholder Metal Account ................................. 67 
Similar Law ....................................................... 99, 113 
Subscribe .................................................................. 67 
Subscribing ............................................................... 67 
Subscription ............................................................. 67 
Subscription Amount ............................................... 67 
Subscription Fee ...................................................... 67 
Subscription Form.................................................... 67 
Subscription Minimum ......................................... 7, 67 
Subscription Settlement Date ................................. 68 
Subscription Suspension Event ............................. 68 
Substituted Obligor .................................................. 97 
Supplemental Trust Deed .................................. 43, 57 
Suspended Day .................................................. 68, 88 
Suspension Notice ............................................. 68, 88 
Suspension Period ............................................. 68, 88 
T 
TARGET2 System ..................................................... 68 
Tax ............................................................................. 68 
Trade Date ................................................................. 68 
Tranche ............................................................. 68, 126 
Transfer Agent .......................................................... 68 
Trust Deed ........................................................... 43, 57 
Trustee ...................................................................... 57 
U 
UCITS ................................................................... 30, 68 
UK .............................................................................. 34 
UNEP FI ................................................................... 115 
United Kingdom ........................................................ 34 
United States ............................................................ 34 
US .............................................................................. 34 
US Dollar ................................................................... 68 
USD ............................................................................ 68 
V 
VAT ............................................................................ 34 
Vault ........................................................................... 34 
W 
World Gold Council ................................................ 115 
Z 
zero coupon .............................................................. 34

--- Page 135 ---
M-58409406-6 
135 
 
SECTION 19 – DIRECTORY 
 
ISSUER 
 
CUSTODIAN 
EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public 
Limited Company  
3rd Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street,  
Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. 
18 Rue de Hesse Geneva, 1204 
Switzerland 
 
 
DIRECTORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Matthew Tracey 
Andrew Murphy 
Caitriona Ryan 
Caroline Gardiner 
Tor Andre Svelland 
 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Unit 10 &11 Cahir Road, Cashel, Co. Tipperary, 
E25 WK15 
 
 
ADMINISTRATOR 
 
REGISTRAR 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Unit 10 &11 Cahir Road, Cashel, Co. Tipperary, 
E25 WK15 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
ACCOUNT BANK 
 
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
 London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 136 ---
M-58409406-6 
136 
 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Unit 10 &11 Cahir Road, Cashel, Co. Tipperary, 
E25 WK15 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
EY Ireland  
EY Building, Harcourt Centre,  
Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
 
A&L Listing Limited
IFSC, North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, Ireland 
 
 
IRISH LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
A&L Goodbody LLP
IFSC, North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, Ireland

--- Page 137 ---
M-58409406-6 
137 
 
ANNEX 1– FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below (subject to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and/or instructions) 
Final Terms dated [  •  ] 2022 
Programme for the Issue of Gold Securities  
EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company (the Issuer) 
3rd Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Issue of [specify number of Gold Securities comprising the relevant Tranche] of [specify Class] issued under the 
Programme (the Tranche) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus (the Prospectus) dated 04 July 2022 in relation to the 
above Programme) relates to the issue of the Gold Securities referred to above. Terms used in these Final Terms 
have the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
The Gold Securities are issued in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions as outlined in more 
detail in Section 11 (Terms and Conditions of the Gold Securities) (the "Conditions").  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
board of the Issuer passed on 01 July 2022. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and for filing with the 
relevant competent authority for the purposes of Article 8(4) thereof. 
These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement thereto, which 
are published on the Issuer's Website at www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com pursuant to Article 21 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  An investor will only have full information on the Issuer and the offer of Gold 
Securities if it reads these Final Terms and the Prospectus are read together.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other information, consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
All provisions in the Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are indicated as not applicable, 
not completed or deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
 
Issuer (and LEI) 
EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company 
LEI: 635400PGVHBIRWVOPD40 
Class 
[  •  ] 
ISIN 
[  •  ]

--- Page 138 ---
M-58409406-6 
138 
 
Principal Amount 
[  •  ] 
Trading Method 
Units  
Relevant Currency  
[  •  ] 
Aggregate number of the Class of 
Gold Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[  •  ] 
(a) Comprising the Tranche (A) 
[  •  ] 
(b) Prior to the issue of this Tranche 
[  •  ] 
(c) Immediately following the issue of 
this Tranche 
[= (a) + (b)] 
Issue Date 
[  •  ] 
Trade Date  
[  •  ] 
Metal Entitlement per Security 
pertaining to this Tranche on the 
Trade Date (B) 
[  •  ] 
Metal Entitlement (AxB) 
[  •  ] 
Daily Adjustment  
[as at issue date] 
Subscription Minimum 
100,000 (one hundred thousand) Gold Securities 
Subscription Maximum 
[  •  ] [not applicable] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer: 
 
Issue Price 
100 per cent. of the Metal Entitlement per Security in respect 
of the Trade Date for a Subscription.  
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
 
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised 
Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide information to 
investors in accordance with, and subject to, the terms 
and conditions as outlined in more detail in Section 11 
(Terms and Conditions of the Gold Securities) (the 
"Conditions"). 
 
Description of the time period, 
including any possible amendments 
during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application 
process: 
 
In respect of any Gold Securities, offers may be made at 
any time during the period from and including the date of 
the Base Prospectus to (but excluding) the date falling 12 
months after the date of the Base Prospectus. There is no 
application process for potential purchasers. Instead, each 
Authorised Offeror may offer to investors in agreed 
transactions. 
Specified Denominations 
The Gold Securities may be traded in integral multiples of 
one 
Interest Type 
Zero coupon 
Default Interest 
Not applicable

--- Page 139 ---
M-58409406-6 
139 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the securities will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the securities are capable 
of meeting them the securities may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the securities 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the  
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
Form 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in  the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in  
the limited circumstances specified in the Temporary Global 
Note] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]] 
[Registered Notes: [The Global Notes will be registered in the 
name of a [nominee]/[common safekeeper]/[depositary] for 
[Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[Uncertificated Securities in dematerialised and registered 
form] 
[NGN Form: [not applicable]/[applicable]] 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Gold 
Securities 
As individually agreed between a purchaser and the relevant 
Authorised Purchaser.  
Scheduled Maturity Date 
[  •  ] 
Redemption Date 
Not applicable.  
Expenses or taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser of this 
Tranche 
[  •  ] [not applicable] 
Countries where the Prospectus has 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authorities of

--- Page 140 ---
M-58409406-6 
140 
 
been notified 
Norway and Germany with a certificate of approval attesting 
that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser  
[  •  ] 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the amount allotted and whether 
dealing may begin before notification 
is made 
[  •  ] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place 
[  •  ] 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in each 
country 
[  •  ] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or 
under "best efforts" arrangements. 
Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered        
n/a

--- Page 141 ---
M-58409406-6 
141 
 
Additional Information 
 
Listing  
Application will be made to [Euronext Dublin / Oslo Stock 
Exchange / Frankfurt Stock Exchange] for the Gold Securities 
to be admitted to trading on the [Main Market of Euronext 
Dublin / Oslo Stock Exchange / Frankfurt Stock Exchange]. 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading for the relevant 
Tranche: 
 
[  •  ] 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s) 
Euronext Dublin 
Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (main market) 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange   
Reasons for the Offer  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Class of Gold 
Securities will be an amount of Gold which will ultimately be 
held in the Secured Accounts in respect of such Class. Such 
Gold shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under such 
Class of Gold Securities. 
Relevant Clearing System  
Euroclear 
Clearstream 
 
Registrar 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
 
 
Authorised Participants  
As at the Issue Date of the Tranche of Gold Securities to 
which these Final Terms relate:  
[give name and address of institution] 
The full list of Authorised Participants in respect of the Class 
from 
time 
to 
time 
will 
be 
published 
at 
www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com (or such other website as 
may be notified to Securityholders). 
Calculation Agent 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Administrator  
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Trustee 
Waystone Corporate Services (IE) Limited 
Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Jurisdiction  
The courts of Ireland have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any 
Gold Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Gold 
Securities (the Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts and waives any objections to Proceedings in such

--- Page 142 ---
M-58409406-6 
142 
 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and the 
Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to 
take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction 
nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 143 ---
M-58409406-6 
143 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION  
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the Tranche of Gold 
Securities described herein pursuant to the Programme. 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), in accordance with 
the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities 
either having the same terms and conditions as this Tranche in all respects or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.  
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Gold Securities has an interest material to the 
offer. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: ............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 144 ---
M-58409406-6 
144 
 
ANNEX 2– FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS.  
This section is intended to answer some of the questions, which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Gold Securities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this section is not intended to act as a summary of the Prospectus, the Programme, or 
as a substitute for any other information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
A prospective Securityholder must read the entirety of this Base Prospectus (including the relevant Final Terms) 
before making an investment in Gold Securities.  
 
# 
Question  
Answer  
General  
1
What are Gold Securities?  
Gold Securities are secured, zero coupon debt securities issued by 
EdR Certified Origin Physical Gold Public Limited Company. 
The Gold Securities offer investors a means of investing in physical 
gold without being required to take delivery of that gold. This 
fungibility enables investors to buy and sell their interest in metal by 
way of trading a security on a stock exchange. 
2
What are the Class A (USD) 
Gold Securities; the Class B 
(EUR) Gold Securities; and 
the Class C (NOK) Gold 
Securities? 
The Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) Gold 
Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities are backed by, and 
offer Securityholders exposure to physical gold held in custody by the 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. as Custodian. 
3
How do the Gold Securities 
give exposure to physical 
metal?  
The Gold Securities are backed by physical precious metal held in the 
secure Vaults of a Custodian. The physical gold backing the Gold 
Securities demonstrates the capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Gold Securities. 
Securityholders have the option to redeem their Gold Securities 
against the delivery of a metal equivalent to the Metal Entitlement of 
the Gold Securities being redeemed (less applicable fees). 
The Gold that backs the Gold Securities must meet the "Good 
Delivery" standards set by the LBMA.  
4
How are Gold Securities 
traded?  
 
Only Authorised Participants may apply for Gold Securities directly 
with the Issuer, at a subscription price equal to the amount of the 
Metal Entitlement per Security on the relevant date.  
Once an Authorised Participant applies for Gold Securities with the 
Issuer, that Authorised Participant may:  
• 
choose to hold the Gold Securities itself;  
• 
sell those Gold Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange; 
• 
sell those Gold Securities in the OTC Market; or  
• 
redeem the Gold Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants are able to trade Gold 
Securities on any Relevant Stock Exchange or in the OTC Market. 
Storage

--- Page 145 ---
M-58409406-6 
145 
 
# 
Question  
Answer  
5
Where and how is the Gold 
stored?  
The physical gold that back the Gold Securities are held in Vaults by 
the Custodian in the name of the Issuer on a segregated basis.  
The Gold attributable to the Gold Securities is held in secured 
allocated accounts. 
6
What is the Vault?  
In respect of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the Class B (EUR) 
Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold Securities, Edmond de 
Rothschild (Suisse) S.A.'s vault in Geneva, Switzerland where 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A., as Custodian, holds the Gold. 
7
What 
is 
an 
allocated 
account? 
Allocated accounts relating to the Gold Securities are held with a 
Custodian in the name of the Issuer. The allocated account evidences 
that uniquely identifiable bars of gold have been "allocated" to the 
Issuer and are segregated from other metal.  
The Issuer has full title to the Gold held in the Secured Allocated 
Accounts and there should not be any credit risk exposure to the 
Custodian as a result. 
8
Is it possible to know which 
bars of Gold back the Gold 
Securities?  
Yes. The Custodian maintains a list of the physical gold it holds in 
allocated accounts – known as the Bar List - which can be found on 
the Issuer's Website at www.certifiedoriginphysicalgold.com.  
Audit and Insurance  
9
Is the Gold audited?  
Yes. The Gold held at the Custodian to back the Gold Securities is 
audited at least annually by an independent metal audit firm, EY 
Ireland (the Metal Auditor).  
 
The Metal Auditor inspects the Gold held at the Custodian to ensure 
that it matches in all respects the Gold disclosed as held on the Bar 
List. 
 
10
Is the Gold insured?  
The Custodian maintains such insurance over the Gold held in its 
Vaults as it considers commercially reasonable (although it is under 
no duty to provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of 
the Gold).  
Roles of the Relevant Parties  
11
Who is the Custodian and 
what does it do? 
The Custodian in respect of the Class A (USD) Gold Securities; the 
Class B (EUR) Gold Securities; and the Class C (NOK) Gold 
Securities is Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A.  
The Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping of the Gold which 
backs the Gold Securities. 
12
Who are the Trustee and the 
Security Trustee what do 
they do?  
The Trustee and the Security Trustee are both Waystone Corporate 
Services (IE) Limited, an independent entity whose role is to act as 
trustee on behalf of Securityholders in accordance with the Trust 
Deed and to act as security trustee on behalf of Securityholders and 
the other Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Deed. The 
Trustee holds its rights on behalf of Securityholders and the Security 
Trustee holds its right on behalf of Secured Parties.

--- Page 146 ---
M-58409406-6 
146 
 
# 
Question  
Answer  
13
Who 
are 
the 
Authorised 
Participants and what do 
they do?  
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who meet certain 
eligibility requirements and who have entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer.  
Only Authorised Participants are allowed to subscribe for Gold 
Securities directly with the Issuer.  
Authorised Participants are under no obligation to act as market 
makers for the Gold Securities. Authorised Participants may buy and 
sell the Gold Securities On-Exchange or in the OTC Market but are 
under no obligation to do so. This may affect the liquidity of the Gold 
Securities. 
14
Can a Securityholder take 
physical 
delivery 
of 
the 
Gold?  
Yes, a Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to delivery in Gold 
of an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement per Security.  
In the case of a Non-AP Securityholder, this right is subject to certain 
qualifications (namely that it is not prohibited by law to hold gold, it 
specifies a metal account for the Gold to be transferred to and it 
passes the Issuer's KYC checks). 
15
Who is the Metal Agent and 
what does it do? 
The Metal Agent is Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. The Metal 
Agent will, amongst other things, effect the sale of the Gold where the 
required Redemption Mechanism is a Gold Sale.  
Value of the Gold Securities  
16
What 
is 
the 
Metal 
Entitlement?  
The Metal Entitlement of a particular class of Gold Securities is the 
quantity (an amount in fine troy ounces) of the Gold that each Gold 
Security represents.  
Examples of how the Metal Entitlement is calculated is set out in 
Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold 
Securities.  
The Issuer will calculate and publish the Metal Entitlement per 
Security in respect of each calendar day on its website. 
17
How do I determine the 
value of my investment?  
The value of an investment in Gold Securities will depend on the bid 
and offer prices on the Relevant Stock Exchange at the particular 
time.  
These prices are expected to be close to the cash value of the Metal 
Entitlement per Security at that time.  
Investing in Gold Securities

--- Page 147 ---
M-58409406-6 
147 
 
# 
Question  
Answer  
18
Who is the "holder" of the 
Gold Securities? 
If the Gold Securities are held through a clearing system or by a 
bank's or broker's nominee (which will usually be the case), the legal 
"holder" will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as 
the depositary for the Gold Securities or the person entered in the 
register as the Securityholder. An investor's rights in relation to the 
Gold Securities will be governed by the contract the investor has with 
their broker, custodian or other entity through which the investor holds 
their interest in the Gold Securities and the contracts they have with 
the clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, 
where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or 
exercisable by, a Securityholder then an investor's ability to benefit 
from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the 
contracts in such chain. 
19
What 
is 
the 
minimum 
investment?  
The minimum investment in the secondary market is one Gold 
Security. Subscriptions by Authorised Participant will be subject to a 
Subscription Minimum.  
20
Can an investor lose more 
than its initial investment?  
An investor who buys and holds its Gold Securities cannot lose more 
than its initial investment.  
21
Can an investor lose all of 
its investment?  
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of its initial investment by virtue 
of the movements in the price of gold and application of the Daily 
Adjustment. 
22
Do 
Gold 
Securities 
pay 
interest? 
No. Gold Securities are zero coupon securities and do not pay 
interest. 
23
Are investors charged a fee 
for holding Gold Securities? 
Yes, investors are charged a fee in respect of the holding of the Gold 
Securities (the Daily Adjustment). This is deducted each day by a 
reduction in the Per Security Entitlement to Gold.  
24
Do Gold Securities have a 
set maturity date? 
Yes, the Gold Securities have a maturity date, being the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
25
Are there transaction costs 
on exchange for buying and 
selling Gold Securities? 
Investors who buy and sell Gold Securities on exchange or in 
transactions other than with the Issuer may be charged additional 
costs by other parties (for example brokerage fees) in respect of those 
transactions. 
26
Does it cost me money to 
redeem my Gold Securities? 
There are no Redemption Fees if a Securityholder sells its Gold 
Securities in the secondary market.  
However, if a Securityholder redeems the Gold Securities directly 
from the Issuer, a Redemption Fee applies. The cost of a 
Redemption varies depending on the type of Redemption and the 
nature of the Securityholder. In the case of an Optional Redemption, 
Gold Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants will be 
notified of the applicable fee upon redemption, which will not be 
greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed.