--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2021 
 
 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
(Incorporated in Guernsey) 
as Issuer 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
as Guarantor 
European Issuance and Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and 
Warrants 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lead Manager for the Programme 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich

--- Page 2 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
1 
 
INTRODUCTORY COVER NOTE 
Introduction to this Document 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of all Products other than Exempt Products (each as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and will expire on 26 September 
2022.  
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to supplement 
a prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in it does not apply when this such prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Base Prospectus dated 28 September 
2020, in respect of the Programme (as defined below). This does not affect any Products issued prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
When used in this document, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Products" are to Products for which no 
prospectus is required to be published in the European Economic Area ("EEA") under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (or in respect of which a separate prospectus will be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation). 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus or the quality of the Products (as defined below) that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Products (as described below). Such approval relates only to Products which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the EEA. 
What type of products may be issued under this Base Prospectus? 
The Issuer may from time to time issue securities in the form of Notes, Certificates or Warrants (all of 
which are referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Products") as part of the European Issuance and 
Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the "Programme") under this 
Base Prospectus. Products may (a) have any maturity, (b) be listed and traded on a regulated (or other) 
market, or not listed or traded, (c) be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other 
variable interest, (d) have interest and/or redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance 
of one or more underlying(s) (as described below), (e) be partially redeemed on partial redemption dates 
prior to the scheduled final redemption date, (f) be settled by way of cash payment or delivery of the 
underlying(s) and (g) provide that the scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide 
some level of minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity (subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor). Products may or may not be subject to mandatory early redemption dependent on the 
performance of the underlying(s) and/or have an option to allow early redemption at the discretion of the 
Issuer prior to scheduled maturity.  
What type of underlying(s) may determine the interest and/or redemption amount payable (or 
underlying(s) deliverable) under the Products?

--- Page 3 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
2 
 
The interest and repayment terms of Products issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to the 
performance of one or more of the following types of "Underlying(s)": share, participation certificate, 
depositary receipt, index, commodity, currency exchange rate, futures contract, fixed rate instrument, 
derivative instrument, exchange traded fund share, fund unit, interest rate, reference rate or a basket 
containing some or all of such types of assets. Investors in Products will have no rights of ownership in 
the Underlying(s) in respect of such Product. 
Who is the Issuer and the Guarantor and where do I find information about it? 
The Products will be issued by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. ("EFGIF" or the 
"Issuer"). Products issued by the Issuer will be guaranteed by EFG International AG in its capacity as 
guarantor ("EFGI" or the "Guarantor"). The payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) 
under the Products is subject to the financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the ability of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations at the relevant time. The Registration 
Document for the Issuer and the Guarantor (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
'Information Incorporated by Reference') which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
together with other information provided in this Base Prospectus, provide a description of the business 
activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor as well as certain financial information and material risks faced 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Products are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantee is an 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligation of the Guarantor. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document and any other information which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains all information which is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and the rights attaching to the Products. Some of this information is incorporated by 
reference from other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in the Issue 
Terms (as described below). Investors should read each of these documents, before making any decision 
to invest in a Product. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) if the Products are not Exempt Products, the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) if the Products are Exempt Products, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
What are Final Terms? 
The "Final Terms" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Products (other than Exempt 
Products), and sets out the specific details of the Products. For example, the Final Terms will contain the 
issue date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related 
Underlying Specific Conditions which apply to the Products) and specify the applicable Payout 
Conditions used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the 
Products. Final Terms will be prepared and deposited with the FinSA Prospectus Office in connection 
with each Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) (as 
described in 'Important Legal Information – Offer in Switzerland' below.) 
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of the 
Products (other than Exempt Products) where required under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each issue-
specific summary will contain a summary of key information relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Products, the risks relating to the Issuer and the Products, and the offer of the Products.  
What is a Pricing Supplement? 
A "Pricing Supplement" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Exempt Products, and sets out 
the specific details of the Exempt Products. For example, the Pricing Supplement will contain the issue 
date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related Underlying 
Specific Conditions which apply to the Product) and specify the applicable Payout Conditions used to 
calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the Exempt Product.

--- Page 4 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
3 
 
What are the risks in relation to the Products? 
Investing in the Products is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'Risk Factors' below, including the section 'Risk Factors' in the Registration 
Document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Products are speculative investments, 
and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
Depending on the particular Payout Conditions (as described in this Base Prospectus and as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) of the Products, holders of Products (defined below, as "Investors") may 
bear the risk of losing some or up to all of their investment depending on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked. For all Products, if the Issuer and the Guarantor become 
insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise fails to make payment or meet its delivery obligations in respect of 
the Products, Investors will lose some or all of their investment. 
Investors should not acquire a Product unless they (whether on their own or in conjunction with a 
financial adviser) understand the nature of the Product and the extent of the exposure to potential loss on 
the Product, and any investment in a Product must be consistent with such Investor's overall investment 
strategy. Investors (whether on their own or in conjunction with a financial adviser) should consider 
carefully whether the Product is suitable for them in the light of their investment objectives, financial 
capabilities and expertise. Investors should consult their own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, 
investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist them in determining the suitability 
of the Product for them as an investment.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Legal Information 
4 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
THE AMOUNT PAYABLE OR UNDERLYING(S) DELIVERABLE ON REDEMPTION OF 
THE PRODUCTS MAY BE LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL INVESTED AMOUNT (AND IN 
SOME CASES MAY BE ZERO), IN WHICH CASE INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR 
ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
WHEN INVESTING IN THE PRODUCTS, INVESTORS ARE SUBJECT TO THE CREDIT 
RISK OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR. THE PRODUCTS ARE UNSECURED 
OBLIGATIONS. THE PRODUCTS ARE NOT BANK DEPOSITS AND ARE NEITHER 
INSURED NOR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION SCHEME IN GUERNSEY OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
THEREFORE, IF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR BECOME INSOLVENT OR 
BANKRUPT OR OTHERWISE FAIL TO MAKE THEIR RESPECTIVE PAYMENT OR 
DELIVERY OBLIGATIONS ON THE PRODUCTS, INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR 
ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
INVESTING IN PRODUCTS INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS, AND INVESTORS SHOULD 
FULLY UNDERSTAND THESE BEFORE THEY INVEST. SEE THE SECTION HEADED 
'RISK FACTORS' BELOW. 
EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Products specifies 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', the Products are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Offer in Switzerland 
If and to the extent that the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") or if the Products shall be admitted 
to trading on a Swiss trading venue pursuant to the Financial Market Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 
("FMIA"), e.g. on SIX Swiss Exchange, a prospectus in accordance with FinSA would be required as 
from 1 December 2020. Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this 
Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration 
of this Base Prospectus with, a Swiss prospectus office (a "FinSA Prospectus Office") pursuant to the 
rules of the FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the 
relevant Final Terms with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration would be possible for a Base 
Prospectus that is approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Any such Swiss offering and/or listing and/or admission to trading described in this paragraph and in 
respect of which the FinSA prospectus requirement is intended to be satisfied in accordance with (i) and 
(ii) in this paragraph above, is referred to as a "Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading 
(via FinSA Prospectus Recognition)". 
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules 
of the FinSA, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Products constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and Financial Services Ordinance of 
6 November 2019 ("FinSO") for such public distribution are complied with.

--- Page 6 ---
Important Legal Information 
5 
 
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of 
the Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the 
authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and 
investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
If and to the extent the Products will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients") a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to Article 58 et seqq. of FinSA relating to the Products (a "FinSA-
KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document 
pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. Prior to 1 January 2022, the issuer may 
use a Swiss simplified prospectus in the sense of the CISA ("Swiss Simplified Prospectus") instead of 
a FinSA-KID or a key information document pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
Benchmarks Regulation: Amounts payable under the Products or underlying(s) deliverable under the 
Products may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a reference rate, an index or a price 
source. Any such reference rate, index or price source may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
EU Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any 
such reference rate, index or price source does constitute such a benchmark the relevant Issue Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate, 
index or price source may fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status 
of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms may not be 
updated in order to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
No investment advice 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms is or purports to be investment advice. Unless expressly 
agreed otherwise with a particular Investor none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Lead Manager is 
acting as an investment adviser, providing advice of any other nature, or assuming any fiduciary 
obligation to any Investor in the Products.  
Independent evaluation 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation (except 
in respect of any purchase of the Products described herein) or should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Lead Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any 
document referred to herein) should purchase any Products.  
Investors should not purchase any Products unless they understand the extent of their exposure to 
potential loss. Investors are urged to read the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled 'Risk Factors' below, together with the other information in this Base Prospectus (including any 
information incorporated by reference), as supplemented from time to time, and the Issue Terms, before 
investing in the Products. 
Investors should note that (i) the risks described in the section in this Base Prospectus entitled 'Risk 
Factors' below and (ii) the risks described in the section entitled 'Risk Factors' of the Registration 
Document (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) are not the only risks that the 
Issuer and the Guarantor face or that may arise because of the nature of the Products. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have described only those risks relating to their operations and to the Products that they 
consider to be material. There may be additional risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor currently consider 
not to be material or of which they are not currently aware.  
Given the nature, complexity and risks inherent in the Products (and investments relating to the type of 
Underlying(s)), the Products may not be suitable for investor's investment objectives in light of their 
financial position. Investors should consider seeking independent advice to assist them in determining 
whether the Products are a suitable investment for them and to assist them in evaluating the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or set out in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Legal Information 
6 
 
Investors have sole responsibility for the management of their tax and legal affairs including making any 
applicable filings and payments and complying with any applicable laws and regulations. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates will provide 
investors with tax or legal advice and investors should obtain their own independent tax and legal advice 
tailored to their individual circumstances. The tax treatment of securities, such as the Products, can be 
complex and the tax treatment applied to an individual depends on their circumstances. The level and 
basis of taxation may change during the term of any Product.  
Amounts due to be paid to Investors are described on a gross basis, i.e., without calculating any tax 
liability. The Issuer shall make no deduction for any tax, duty, or other charge unless required by law. 
Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent under the Products  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, following the occurrence of certain events outside of the 
control of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, the Agents and their respective affiliates, the 
Calculation Agent may exercise discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to 
deal with the impact of such event on the Products or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. 
Any such discretionary determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return 
on the Products.  
Distribution 
The distribution or delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and any offer or sale of the 
Products in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This document does not constitute, and may 
not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer 
or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offering or 
solicitation. Other than as expressly described in this Base Prospectus, no action is being taken to permit 
an offering of the Products or the delivery of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details of selling restrictions for various 
jurisdictions are set out in the section 'Purchase and Sale' below and may also be set out in the Issue 
Terms. 
United States selling restrictions 
The Products, the Guarantee, and in certain cases, the Entitlements have not been and will not be 
registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Products and 
the Entitlements has not been approved by the US Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the 
US Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the "Commodity Exchange Act") and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. The Products, the Guarantee and in certain cases, the Entitlements, may not be 
offered and sold within the United States, or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) ("U.S. persons"), except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws. The Products are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S. 
Products in bearer form may be subject to US tax law requirements (as described below). Subject to 
certain exceptions, such Products may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons (as defined in the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and the regulations thereunder). 
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Products and 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms, see 'Purchase and Sale' herein. 
THE PRODUCTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY 
THE US SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER US REGULATORY AUTHORITY, 
NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE 
MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF PRODUCTS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF

--- Page 8 ---
Important Legal Information 
7 
 
THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Guernsey regulatory 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Products offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have been 
reviewed or approved by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and neither the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission nor does the States of Guernsey take any responsibility for the financial 
soundness of the Issuer or its Products, or for the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions 
expressed with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your accountant, legal or 
professional adviser or financial adviser. 
The directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated 
in this Base Prospectus are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make misleading any statement in this document, whether of facts or of 
opinion. All of the directors accept responsibility accordingly. 
It should be remembered that the price of the Products and the income from them can go down as well 
as up. 
Change of circumstances 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document or any other 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) or any Issue Terms, nor any sale of 
Products, shall create any impression that information in such documents relating to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date of the Base Prospectus and the Registration 
Document or that any other information supplied in connection with the Products or the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date of the relevant document containing the same (the foregoing 
being without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under applicable rules and 
regulations). 
Representations 
In connection with the issue and sale of the Products, no person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with the Base Prospectus and 
Issue Terms and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of 
their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any information not contained in this Base 
Prospectus and Issue Terms.  
Calculations and determinations 
All calculations and determinations in respect of the Products shall be made by the Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for a particular Product, Leonteq Securities AG will act as 
the Calculation Agent for all Products (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent"). All calculations and 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products shall be final and binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and Investors in the absence of manifest error. No liability shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise 
of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance with General Condition 12.2 
(Determinations by the Calculation Agent). 
Capitalised terms 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................... 
11 
This section provides an overview of certain key features of the Programme. This section is 
relevant for all Products. 
 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 
14 
This section sets out the principal risks of investing in Products issued under this Base 
Prospectus, including key risks relating to the Issuer and Guarantor (which are 
incorporated by reference from the Registration Document) and of investments linked to 
different types of Underlyings. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................... 
44 
This section incorporates selected financial information regarding the Issuer and the 
Guarantor from publicly available documents. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS ........................................................... 
45 
Comprises the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions (which, together with the Issue Terms, comprises the terms 
and conditions of the Product). This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS ...................................................................................... 
47 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Products. 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ........................................................................................ 
74 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the redemption and 
interest payments (if applicable) in respect of the Products. Only those Payout 
Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a particular 
series of Products. 
 
YIELD ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS................................................... 
74 
TWIN WIN PRODUCTS .......................................................................... 
111 
FIXED REDEMPTION PRODUCTS ....................................................... 
129 
PROTECTION PRODUCTS ..................................................................... 
133 
BONUS PRODUCTS ................................................................................ 
153 
REVERSE CONVERTIBLE PRODUCTS ............................................... 
177 
BARRIER REVERSE CONVERTIBLE PRODUCTS ............................. 
184 
TRACKER PRODUCTS ........................................................................... 
205 
DUAL CURRENCY PRODUCTS ............................................................ 
228 
DISCOUNT PRODUCTS.......................................................................... 
231 
LEVERAGE PRODUCTS ......................................................................... 
233 
OUTPERFORMANCE PRODUCTS ........................................................ 
248 
LONG/SHORT PRODUCTS .................................................................... 
259 
DISPERSION PRODUCTS ....................................................................... 
266

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
STEEPENER PRODUCTS ........................................................................ 
270 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS ....................................................................... 
275 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS ............................................................ 
284 
Each of the following sections sets out additional terms and conditions for Products 
linked to a particular type of Underlying. Only those Underlying Linked Conditions 
specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a particular series of 
Products. 
 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................................. 
284 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share 
Linked Products. 
 
PARTICIPATION 
CERTIFICATE 
(GENUSSSCHEINE) 
LINKED 
CONDITIONS ........................................................................................... 
293 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products. 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS .............................................................. 
302 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index 
Linked Products. 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS................................. 
309 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products. 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................. 
319 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Commodity 
Linked Products. 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ................... 
325 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products. 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS .................................. 
333 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Futures 
Contract Linked Products. 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT 
LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................................... 
340 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products. 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................... 
347 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to ETF Linked 
Products. 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS................................................................ 
357 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fund 
Linked Products.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................ 
364 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Reference 
Rate Linked Products. 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 
368 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Products 
other than Exempt Products. It is relevant to all Products (other than Exempt Products). 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................... 
495 
This section sets out a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of 
Exempt Products. It is relevant to all Exempt Products. 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT.................................................................................... 
613 
This section sets out additional conditions relating to the clearing system for the Products. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 
615 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Products. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE ...................................................................................................... 
630 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the 
Products in certain jurisdictions. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ..................................................................................................... 
638 
This section sets out the form of Guarantee. 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION .................................................... 
641 
This section provides additional legal information relating to all Products. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 
646 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Products. This 
section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................. 
648 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus. This section is relevant for all 
Products.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and 
is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Products, the applicable Issue Terms. 
Description: 
European 
Issuance 
and 
Offering 
Programme 
(the 
"Programme"). 
Issuer (and legislation under which 
the Issuer operates): 
EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited, St Peter 
Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands 
As the Issuer is a subsidiary of the Guarantor, the Issuer falls 
within the consolidated regulatory supervision of the 
Guarantor by the FINMA and is neither licensed nor 
supervised by any Guernsey authority. 
Issuer legal entity identifier: 549300L24J81P1RBL748 
Guarantor (and legislation under 
which the Guarantor operates): 
EFG International AG, Zurich, Switzerland 
The Guarantor is subject to consolidated regulatory 
supervision by the FINMA. 
Guarantor legal entity identifier: 506700PR1R98BSF81139 
Lead Manager: 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
Paying Agent: 
 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq 
Securities 
AG, 
Zurich, 
Switzerland 
(unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms); 
and 
 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: the 
Issuer shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities until such time as it has duly appointed 
the applicable Paying Agent(s). 
Calculation Agent: 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq Securities 
AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms).  
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: the Issuer 
shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream Securities until 
such time as it has duly appointed a Calculation Agent for 
the applicable offering. 
Status of the Products: 
The 
Products 
constitute 
direct, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally among themselves and with all other direct 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the 
Issuer.  
The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The 
Products are not insured or guaranteed by any government or 
government agency. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The 
Guarantee 
constitutes 
direct, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Guarantor and 
rank equally among themselves and with all other direct,

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the 
Guarantor. The Guarantee shall be governed under Swiss law 
and constitutes a guarantee in the sense of Article 111 of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO"). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications may be made to list the Products on a regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility and admit the Products 
to trading on a regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility, as disclosed in the Issue Terms. Products may also 
be unlisted and not admitted to trading as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Products. 
Governing Law: 
All Products issued under this Base Prospectus shall be 
governed under English law or Swiss law, as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Product. The Guarantee shall be 
governed under Swiss law. 
Clearing Systems: 
SIX SIS Securities shall be cleared through the Swiss central 
depository.  
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities shall be cleared through 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking S.A.  
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte 
Titoli as the Relevant Clearing System, the Products may be 
held only through an authorised intermediary entitled to hold 
securities deposit accounts with Monte Titoli on behalf of 
their customers. 
Issue Price: 
The Issue Price may be par, at a discount to par, or at a 
premium over par. The Issue Price of the Products will likely 
be higher than its market value as at the Issue Date and higher 
than the price at which such Products may be sold in any 
secondary market transactions because, among other things, 
the prices will likely be reduced by profits and hedging costs 
and, if any, possible costs for distribution. The Issue Terms 
of the relevant Product may specify if and to what amount 
the Issue Price include such distribution costs. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations 
and directives, the Products may be issued in any currency, 
as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant Product. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to all applicable laws, regulations or 
directives, as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant 
Product. 
Minimum Denomination: 
All Products will have a minimum denomination or notional 
amount of at least EUR 1,000 (or equivalent), save for any 
Products which are non-equity securities giving the right to 
acquire any transferable securities or to receive a cash 
amount as a consequence of the rights conferred by them 
being exercised (provided that EFGIF is not the issuer of the 
underlying securities or an entity belonging to the same 
group as the issuer of the underlying securities), provided 
that both (i) Exempt Products and (ii) Unit Certificates shall 
have no minimum denominations. 
Method of Issue: 
The Products will be issued in one or more series and each 
series may be issued in tranches on the same or different

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
 
Issue Date(s). The Products of each series are intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Products of that series. 
Programme limit: 
The Programme has no issuance limit. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of the Products may be restricted in certain 
jurisdictions as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus 'Purchase and Sale' below and the Issue Terms 
of the relevant Products.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Products involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in 
ordinary debt securities. An investment in Products is not equivalent to investing directly in the 
Underlying(s). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following risk factors are material for the purpose of 
making an informed investment decision associated with the Products and the Guarantee.  
Investors should consider the following risk factors and should make any investment decision only on 
the basis of the Base Prospectus as a whole including the documents incorporated by reference 
(including the Registration Document), any supplements to the Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Investors should not acquire Products without a thorough understanding of the mechanics of the 
relevant Products and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Investors should carefully 
examine whether an investment in the Products is appropriate given their personal circumstances and 
financial situation and should consult a financial advisor to discuss any questions in advance of any 
investment decision.  
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
Categories 
Page 
1 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Guarantee
 ............................................................................................................................ 
15 
1.1 
Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Products 
are neither secured nor guaranteed by any deposit protection fund, any 
government 
or 
any 
governmental 
agency
 ............................................................................................................................ 
15 
1.2 
Limitations 
of 
the 
Guarantee 
and 
risks 
of 
enforcement
 ............................................................................................................................ 
16 
2 
Risk 
factors 
associated 
with 
the 
Products
 ............................................................................................................................ 
16 
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility 
of 
adjustment 
or 
early 
termination
 ............................................................................................................................ 
16 
2.2 
Risks 
associated 
with 
certain 
types 
of 
Products
 ............................................................................................................................ 
21 
2.3 
Risks 
associated 
with 
certain 
features 
of 
the 
Products
 ............................................................................................................................ 
23 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings
 ............................................................................................................................ 
27 
2.5 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Guarantor and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the Lead Manager, the Calculation Agent and of the 
discretionary 
powers 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
Calculation 
Agent
 ............................................................................................................................ 
40

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
 
RISK WARNING 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment in the Products where: 
• 
Minimum scheduled repayment amount less than invested amount: The terms of the 
Product may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the face value or issue 
price of the Products at maturity (or, if applicable, across the partial redemption dates 
and at maturity). Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s), Investors may 
lose some or all of their investment. 
• 
Credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor: The payment of any amount or delivery of 
any underlying(s) due under the Products is dependent upon the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations when they fall due. The Products are 
unsecured obligations. The Products are not deposits and they are not protected under 
any deposit protection insurance scheme. Therefore, if the Issuer and the Guarantor 
fail or are otherwise unable to meet its payment or delivery obligations under the 
Products, Investors will lose some or all of their investment. 
• 
Other circumstances: 
• 
The market price of the Products prior to maturity may be significantly lower 
than the purchase price Investors paid for them. Consequently, if Investors sell 
their Products before their scheduled maturity (assuming Investors are able 
to), they may receive less (and potentially substantially less) than their 
investment.  
• 
The Products may be redeemed in certain extraordinary circumstances prior 
to their scheduled maturity and, in such case, the early redemption amount 
paid to Investors may be less than their investment.  
• 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be adjusted by the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent in certain circumstances with the effect that the amount 
payable or underlying(s) deliverable to Investors is less than their investment. 
1. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
The payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) due under the Products is 
dependent upon the Issuer's and the Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations when 
they fall due. Investors should read the sections entitled 'Risk Factors relating to EFGI Finance 
Guernsey' and 'Risk Factors relating to EFGI and the EFGI Group and, indirectly, EFGI 
Finance Guernsey' in the Registration Document (which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus).  
1.1 
Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Products are neither 
secured nor guaranteed by any deposit protection fund, any government or any governmental 
agency  
The Products issued by the Issuer and the Guarantee of the Guarantor (i) are unsecured and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer and Guarantor, respectively, and not of any of 
their respective affiliates, (ii) are not savings accounts or deposits of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
and (iii) will rank pari passu among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, except obligations, that are subject 
to any priorities or preferences by law.  
Therefore, if the Issuer and the Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to meet their respective 
payment or delivery obligations under the Products or the Guarantee, Investors will lose some 
or all of their investment. 
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are neither 
subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
 
Authority ("FINMA") and Investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. 
Investors should read the section entitled 'Risk Factors' in the Registration Document (which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
1.2 
Limitations of the Guarantee and risks of enforcement 
The Guarantee of the Guarantor is limited to a guarantee of the payment, delivery and other 
obligations which the Issuer has under the terms and conditions of the Products (provided that 
if the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement the Guarantor may elect, in its reasonable discretion, 
to either deliver the relevant Underlying(s) or pay a cash amount (the "Settlement Disruption 
Amount") instead of delivering the relevant Underlying(s)), and the Guarantor may therefore 
apply all exclusions, exceptions and defences available to the Guarantor under the terms and 
conditions of the Products and at law.  
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with any Products (other than the Products governed by Swiss law) and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
brought in such courts. However, the ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being 
Zurich, are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with the Guarantee and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with them shall be brought in such courts, with the right of appeal to the Swiss 
Federal Court in Lausanne where the law permits. In the event that both the Issuer and the 
Guarantor default on their payment and/or delivery obligations under any Products governed by 
English law and the Guarantee, it may be necessary for the Investor to bring an action against 
the Issuer and the Guarantor in the courts of England and Zurich (respectively) to enforce its 
obligations, which may be costly and time consuming. 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Products  
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of adjustment 
or early termination 
(a) 
The Products may not have an active trading market and an Investor must be prepared 
to hold the Product until its scheduled maturity  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Products until their scheduled maturity.  
The Products will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market develops, it may not be very liquid and Investors may not be able to 
find a buyer. Restrictions in respect of the purchase and/or sale of the Products in some 
jurisdictions may also have an impact on the liquidity of the Products. As a result, 
Investors may not be able to sell their Products or, if they can, they may only be able to 
sell them at a price which is substantially less than the original purchase price.  
The Products may be listed on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such 
Products are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If the Products are not 
listed or traded on any exchange, pricing information for such Products may be more 
difficult to obtain and they may be more difficult to sell.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Products being 
offered but does not give any indication as to the volume of the Products being effectively 
issued. This volume is determined according to the market conditions and may change 
during the term of the Products, and a significant portion of the issuance of any Products 
may be held by the Issuer or Lead Manager. Therefore, Investors should note that it is 
not possible to predict the liquidity of the Products in the secondary market based on the 
specified size of the offer. For these reasons as well, a secondary market for the Products 
may not develop. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to make a market or to repurchase the Products (subject 
to the next paragraph). The Issuer and/or the Lead Manager may, but are not obliged to,

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
 
at any time purchase Products at any price in the open market or by tender or private 
agreement. Any Products so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation. If any Products are redeemed in part, then the number of Products 
outstanding may decrease. Any of these activities may have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity and/or price of the outstanding Products in the secondary market.  
Any of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager or other party may, as part of its activities as 
a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or pursuant 
to stock exchange listing requirements, make a secondary market in relation to any 
Products and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices 
so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking into 
account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that 
any Products can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all).  
However, any of these parties may suspend or terminate making a market and providing 
indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. Consequently, there may 
be no market for the Products and Investors should not assume that such a market will 
exist. Investors may therefore not be able to sell their Product during its term and must 
be prepared to hold the Product until its scheduled maturity.  
Additionally, in special market situations, where the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager 
is/are unable to enter into hedging transactions or where such transactions are very 
difficult to enter into, the spread between the bid and offer prices may be temporarily 
expanded in order to limit the economic risks of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager. 
(b) 
Investors in listed Products or in Products linked to one or more listed Underlyings are 
exposed to the risk that the Product or Underlying(s) could be delisted or suspended 
from trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the Product 
It is possible that during the lifetime of the Product, an Underlying is de-listed or 
suspended from trading on the relevant exchange, reference market or quotation system 
for reasons not attributable to the Issuer.  
It is also possible that the Products could be suspended from trading on or de-listed from 
the relevant exchange or quotation system during the lifetime of the Product. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to obtain a listing for any Products and, if a listing is obtained, the 
Issuer is under no obligation to maintain it. 
In either case, there could be an adverse impact on the value of and return on the Product. 
(c) 
The secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue 
price of the Products and sale of the Products in a secondary market may result in a loss 
Any secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue 
price of the Products because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely 
be reduced by selling commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are 
accounted for in the original issue price of the Products. As a result, the price, if any, at 
which the Lead Manager or any other person would be willing to purchase the Products 
in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be lower than the original issue 
price. Accordingly, any sale of the Product by an Investor prior to the scheduled 
redemption date could result in a substantial loss to the Investor.  
If listed, the Products can be traded on an exchange during their term. However, the 
prices of the Products are not determined according to supply and demand, since if there 
is a secondary market, it will likely be provided by a market maker (e.g. potentially the 
Lead Manager or a third party, as the case may be, in such role). Any such market maker 
will quote independently calculated bid and offer prices for the Products on the secondary 
market. This price calculation is performed on the basis of customary pricing models of 
the market maker in which the theoretical value of the Product is basically determined 
on the basis of the value of the Underlying(s) and other adjustable parameters. The other 
parameters may include derivative components, expected income from the Underlying(s)

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
 
(e.g., dividends), interest rates, the term or remaining term of the Product, the volatility 
of the Underlying(s) and the supply and demand situation for hedging instruments. These 
or other value-determining parameters may lead to a depreciation in value of the Product, 
even if during the term the Underlying(s) develop favourably for the Investor. Please see 
also Risk Factor 2.5(a)(vii) "Conflicts of interest related to market making for the 
Products" below.  
(d) 
Fees and other transaction costs will likely reduce the return that an investor would 
otherwise realise on a Product  
Commission and other transaction costs which are incurred when buying or selling 
Products may, especially in conjunction with a low contract value, result in cost burdens 
which may reduce the returns on a Product. Therefore, before purchasing a Product, 
investors should obtain information regarding all costs arising when purchasing and 
selling the Product. 
(e) 
In the case of a subscription period the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription 
period early or to extend it and that the Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription 
applications or to issue subscribed Products 
The Final Terms may provide for the Products to be offered during a particular 
subscription period. Investors should note in this case that the Issuer reserves the right to 
end the subscription period early or to extend it. In the case of an early ending or an 
extension of the subscription period, the initial fixing date or any other relevant valuation 
date, as the case may be, which determines certain characteristics of the Products, may 
be adjusted along with the Issue Date. The Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription 
applications. Partial allocations are possible (in particular in the event of 
oversubscription). The Issuer is not obliged to issue subscribed Products. For these 
reasons, Investors in Products subject to a public offering may receive a Product with 
different valuation dates than expected and may not receive the Product at all.  
(f) 
Investors are exposed to the risks of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where the 
Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the 
Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product and/or where the 
currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction, 
and could lose some of their investment or realise a lower return than in the absence of 
such foreign exchange feature 
If the return on the Product is dependent on one or more foreign exchange rate(s)– either 
because the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of 
the Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product – an Investor is 
exposed to the risk of adverse movements in the value of the relevant foreign currency 
compared to the relevant base currency or currency of the Product. 
An Investor will also be exposed to the risk of adverse foreign exchange rate movements 
where the currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home 
jurisdiction. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by 
governments and central banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and cannot be 
predicted. Also, significant movements in exchange rates may not correlate with the 
performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables such as interest rates, and the timing 
of such changes may have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Products. 
This may result in a significant loss of the Investor's investment in the Product or the 
realisation by the Investor of a lower return than it would have obtained in the absence 
of such foreign exchange feature. 
(g) 
Changes in tax law or in the tax treatment of the Products could have a negative impact 
on the value of and the return on the Product to an Investor

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Products 
may be changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Products are issued. A risk 
of changes in the tax treatment of the Products exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The 
level and basis of taxation on the Products and on the Investor depend on the Investor's 
individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact 
on the return received by the Investor under the Product.  
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the Products 
only relate to the purchase of the Products immediately after the issue (primary 
purchase). Both in the case of primary purchase and if an Investor purchases the Products 
later, Investors should therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the tax effects in 
connection with the purchase, holding, exercising or the sale of the Products prior to the 
purchase. Furthermore, it is possible that the tax authorities may come to a different 
conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax treatment when interpreting and applying the 
relevant tax rules to the Investor's investment in the Products. Any such tax treatment 
could have an adverse impact on the return received by the Investor under the Product. 
(h) 
Payments on the Products may be treated as "substitute dividend equivalent" payments 
and subject to U.S. withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and 
regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that references a US equity 
or an index that includes a U.S. equity may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" 
payment. Such payments generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. If withholding applies, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts withheld. The relevant Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has 
determined that a Product is subject to withholding under section 871(m) of the Code. 
Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on Investors, it is not binding 
on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may 
successfully argue that payments on a Product are subject to withholding under section 
871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. Investors should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of 
section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments 
on the Products constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
(i) 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an autocall redemption date. In such case, 
Investors will receive the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, which amount may 
be zero 
The Issuer has the right to early terminate the Products in certain circumstances set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Products; for example if an adjustment is not possible 
or upon occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. In such case, the Issuer will 
redeem the Products at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, i.e., in the event of 
an unscheduled early redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount 
provided for in the terms and conditions of the Products to be calculated on the basis of 
a redemption formula at the end of the term. Investors should note that, such amount may 
be zero in the worst case, i.e., the Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested.  
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the Investor may only be able to reinvest 
the amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those 
existing when the Product was purchased.  
Finally, Investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential increase 
in the value of a Product over its scheduled term will not be realised due to the early 
termination of the Product. 
(j) 
The Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to scheduled maturity following 
a Service Provider Default Event. In such case, investors will receive the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount, which amount may be zero

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
 
Investors are exposed to the risk of an early termination by the Issuer due to a default 
event with respect to the Service Provider.  
As described in the first paragraph of the section entitled "Material Contracts" of the 
Registration Document (as incorporated by reference herein), the Issuer has entered into 
a cooperation agreement with Leonteq Securities AG and its Guernsey Branch (the 
"Service Provider") relating to the issuance, maintenance and redemption of Products 
issued by the Issuer and pursuant to which the Service Provider provides, amongst others, 
hedging services, accounting and risk management as well as documentation, listing, 
settlement and other processes relating to the issuance and redemption of Products (the 
"Cooperation Agreement").  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, in the event that the Service Provider (or 
an affiliate) terminates (or serves notice of termination) or defaults under the Cooperation 
Agreement, a "Service Provider Default Event" shall have occurred and, in such case, 
the Issuer may determine to redeem the Products at the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. Investors should note that such amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the 
investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. The Issuer will have no control 
over the occurrence of a Service Provider Default Event and investors will not be 
provided with any information regarding the Service Provider's performance under the 
Cooperation Agreement and will be unable to anticipate the occurrence of a Service 
Provider Default Event. 
(k) 
Market disruptions and adjustment measures may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Products and lead to payment delays 
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that a Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions) has 
occurred or exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead to the postponement of a 
date on which the Calculation Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (in 
some cases, potentially up to 60 days) and in certain circumstances lead to the 
Calculation Agent estimate the relevant price or level of such Underlying and/or to a 
corresponding delay in the settlement of the Products. No interest shall be payable in 
respect of any such postponement of the settlement of the Products and any such 
postponement or estimate of value could have a negative impact on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
Adjustments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Products. 
In the event of adjustments relating to the Underlying(s), it is possible that the estimates 
and/or assumptions on which an adjustment was based turn out to be incorrect and that 
the adjustment turns out to be unfavourable for the Investor and that the adjustment has 
a negative impact on the value of or return on the Products. 
(l) 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Investors in certain circumstances  
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Investors in any of the following circumstances:  
• 
to cure a manifest or proven error or omission;  
• 
where such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of 
Investors;  
• 
to correct or supplement any defective provision;  
• 
where the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature;  
• 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and  
• 
as a result of certain events in respect of the underlying assets (including, but not 
limited to, adjustment events, potential adjustment events, extraordinary events

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
 
and additional disruption events (as specified in the relevant underlying specific 
conditions). 
For these reasons, in the above circumstances, the terms and conditions of an Investor's 
Product may be amended without the Investor's consent and/or against the Investor's 
wishes. 
2.2 
Risks associated with certain types of Products  
The following is a description of certain risks associated with Tracker Products, Leverage 
Products and Long/Short Products. These descriptions are additional to the other risks that apply 
to these Products, as described in this section "Risk Factors" (including, without limitation, 2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products)  
(a) 
Risks associated with Tracker Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by a management fee. The 
management fee will be a percentage specified in the Issue Terms and will accrue 
from the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore the longer the 
term of the product, the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the 
Product by the management fee. Before purchasing a Product Investors should 
understand the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(ii) 
The Accrued Management Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the 
Issue Terms, the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by an accrued 
management fee. The accrued management fee is (A) deducted directly from the 
redemption amount an Investor would otherwise receive and (B) reduces the 
number of "units" of the underlying used in the calculation of the redemption 
amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors should understand the effect of 
the management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(iii) 
The Accrued Performance Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' in the Issue Terms, the value of and return on the Product may be reduced 
by an accrued Performance fee. The accrued Performance fee is (A) deducted 
directly from the redemption amount an Investor would otherwise receive and (B) 
reduces the number of "units" of the underlying used in the calculation of the 
redemption amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors should understand the 
effect of the performance fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Leverage Products  
(i) 
There are risks associated with the leverage feature of all Leverage Products 
Each type of Leverage Product has a 'leverage' feature'. 'Leverage' refers to the 
use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying. A 
leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the Underlying to 
cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would otherwise be the case 
in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in adverse

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
 
market conditions. The inclusion of such a leverage feature means that the 
Products will be more speculative and riskier than in the absence of such feature, 
since smaller changes in the performance of the Underlying can reduce (or 
increase) the return on the Products by more than if the Products did not contain 
a leverage feature. Investors should be aware that a small movement in the value 
of the Underlying can have a significant effect on the value of the Products. 
Products with a leverage feature are more likely to fall for automatic cancellation 
in accordance with their terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose some 
or all of their investment. 
(ii) 
The strike level of the Underlying may take into account the cost of financing 
exposure to the Underlying 
There are costs associated with financing the 'leveraged' exposure to the 
Underlying (the "financing costs"). The Issuer may factor in these additional 
financing costs in the setting of the strike level, and as a result the strike level may 
be set at a less advantageous level for Investors than if such financing costs were 
not factored in. A less advantageous strike level will reduce the value of and return 
on the Products. 
(iii) 
Investors may lose all of their investment 
Each type of Leverage Product may be redeemed for a redemption amount equal 
to zero, and as a result of such a redemption Investors would lose all of their 
investment.  
In respect of all Leverage Products, Investors will lose all of their investment if 
the level of the Underlying on the final fixing date is either (a) in the case of Call 
Warrant Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products, Bullish Mini Future 
Products and Leverage Certificate Products, at or below the strike level of the 
Underlying or (b) in the case of Put Warrant Products, Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products and Bearish Mini Future Products, at or above the strike level of the 
Underlying. 
Investors should note that in respect of Call Warrant Products, Put Warrant 
Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products, if the strike event is specified to be either 'at or above' or 'at or below' 
(as applicable) then if the final fixing level is equal to the strike level, a strike 
event will be deemed to have occurred. However, in such a scenario, the 
redemption amount determined in accordance with the redemption formula shall 
be zero and Investors will lose all of their investment. 
(iv) 
There are risks associated with the knock-out feature of Knock-Out Warrant 
Products 
Investors in Knock-Out Warrant Products will also lose all of their investment if 
a "knock-out" event has occurred and the Issue Terms does not specify 'Rebate' 
to be 'Applicable'. A "knock-out event" occurs if the level of the Underlying on a 
specified date (or in a specified period) is (a) in the case of Call Knock-Out 
Warrant Products, above or at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) a 
predefined "knock-out level", or (b) in the case of Put Knock-Out Warrants, is 
below or at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined "knock-out 
level". 
Investors should note in this context that the price of Knock-Out Warrant Products 
is reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products if the level of the 
Underlying approaches the relevant "knock-out level". 
(v) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Mini Future Products 
Investors in Mini Future Products bear the risk that the Products automatically 
redeem early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors may lose

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
 
all of their investment. A "stop loss event" occurs if the level of the Underlying 
in a specified period is (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, below or 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined "stop loss level" or (b) 
in the case of Bearish Mini Future Products, above or at or above (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) a predefined "stop loss level". If a "stop loss event" occurs 
Investors may lose all of their investment if the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) is 
not able to unwind its hedge positions in relation to the Product at a level that is 
either (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, above the strike level or (b) 
in the case of Bearish Mini Future Products, below the strike level. 
Investors should note in this context that the price of the Mini Future Products is 
reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products, if the price of the 
Underlying approaches the predefined "stop loss level". 
No continuous bid and ask prices for Mini Future Products are quoted by the 
Issuer on the secondary market outside of the trading hours of the Underlying if 
the Issuer expects a "stop loss event" to occur due to different price indicators 
than the official price of the Underlying. Investors should note in this context that 
the Issuer does not commit nor is under any obligation (legal or otherwise) to 
quote bid and ask prices for the Products and Investors should therefore not rely 
on being able to purchase or sell the Products at any time. 
(c) 
Risks associated with Long/Short Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short Product with 
Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms the value of and return on the 
Product will be reduced by a management fee. The management fee will be a 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms and will accrue from the Initial Fixing 
Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore the longer the term of the product, the 
greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Product by the management 
fee. Before purchasing the Product Investors should understand the effect of the 
management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Long/Short Products 
If 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
Investors in Long/Short Products bear the risk that the Products automatically 
redeem early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors will lose 
some or all of their investment. A "stop loss event" will occur when the market 
value of the Product (as determined by the Calculation Agent) falls below a 
certain pre-determined percentage of the initial value of the Product. 
2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products 
(a) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'leverage' feature 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the 
Underlying(s). A leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would otherwise be 
the case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in 
adverse market conditions. In the terms of the Products, the leverage feature may be 
referred to variously as 'Participation', or other term and the Products will have 'leverage' 
where any of these factors is equal to more than 100 per cent (or 1.00). The inclusion of 
such a leverage feature in the Products means that the Products will be more speculative 
and riskier than in the absence of such feature, since smaller changes in the performance 
of the Underlying(s) can reduce (or increase) the return on the Products by more than if 
the Products did not contain a leverage feature. Investors should be aware that a small 
movement in the value of the Underlying(s) can have a significant effect on the value of

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
 
the Products. Products with a leverage feature are more likely to be affected by automatic 
cancellation in accordance with their terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose 
their investment.  
(b) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'worst performing' Underlying in a 
basket 
Where the Conditions of the Products include a 'worst-of' feature, Investors will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather 
than any of the other Underlying(s).  
This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst 
performing Underlying fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of 
interest or the calculation of any redemption amount, Investors might receive no interest 
payments or return on their initial investment and they could lose some or all of their 
investment.  
(c) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'best performing' Underlying in a 
basket where the Products include an 'inverse' payout feature 
Where the Conditions of the Products include a "best of" Underlying in a basket, 
investors will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the best 
performance, rather than the basket as a whole.  
An inverse payout feature means broadly that (depending on the specific terms of the 
Product) the value of and return on the Product will drop as the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) to which such Product is linked rises. Therefore, where Products 
have an inverse payout feature and are linked to the best performing Underlying in a 
basket, investors may receive a lower return on the Product than if it was linked to the 
worst of or average performance of the Underlyings in the basket.  
(d) 
There are risks where the Products include a cap 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products provide that the amount payable or 
underlying(s) deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the Investor's ability to 
participate in any positive change in the value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no 
matter how much the level, price or other value of the Underlying(s) rises above the cap 
level over the life of the Products. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Products 
may be significantly less than if the Investor had purchased the Underlying(s) directly.  
(e) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'conditional' coupon 
If the Products include a 'conditional' coupon, then the coupon will only be paid if the 
level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation 
date(s) either reaches or crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such 
level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation 
date(s) will not either reach or cross the barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, no 
coupon will be payable on the relevant coupon payment date. This means that the amount 
of coupon payable to an Investor over the term of the Products will vary and may be 
zero. 
(f) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'memory coupon' feature 
If the Products include a 'memory coupon' feature, the payment of coupon will be 
conditional on the value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount 
payable will be zero on a coupon payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform in 
accordance with the terms of the Products although such payment will be deferred to the 
next coupon payment date. If the Underlying(s) meets the performance criteria, the 
coupon payable will be an amount for the current coupon payment date plus any amounts 
deferred from previous coupon payment dates where coupon was not paid. Investors will 
not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the deferred payments of coupon and it is

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
 
possible that the Underlying(s) never meets the performance criteria, meaning that 
Investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime of the Products.  
(g) 
There are risks where the Products are open-ended 
If the Products are 'open-ended' - meaning that they do not provide for an expiration date 
or maturity date but may continue indefinitely until either the Investor exercises the 
Investor's put option with regard to the Products or the Issuer exercises the Issuer's right 
to call the Products – the Investor is subject to certain risks, including: 
(i) 
exercise of an Issuer call option or Investor put option: the yields received 
upon cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the 
Investor put may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor 
may be lower than the initial price the Investor paid for the Products and may be 
zero; and 
(ii) 
automatic early redemption of open-ended Products: the terms and conditions 
of the Products may provide that the Products will automatically be redeemed 
early in certain extraordinary circumstances. In such event, the Issuer will redeem 
the Products at the "Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" which may be 
substantially less than the value of the Products. In such circumstances an Investor 
is likely to receive less than the amount it invested and could receive zero. 
(h) 
There are risks where the Product has an Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Where the terms and conditions of the relevant Product provide for an Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) or Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) to be applicable, the yields received 
upon cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor 
put may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor may be lower 
than the initial price the Investor paid for the Products and may be zero. 
(i) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'barrier' feature 
If the calculation of coupon or the calculation of any redemption amount depends on the 
level, value or price of the Underlying(s) reaching or crossing a 'barrier' during a 
specified period or specified dates during the term of the Products, such coupon or 
redemption amount may alter dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached 
or crossed (as applicable). This means that the Investor may receive less (or, in certain 
cases, more) if the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as 
applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the barrier but does not reach or cross it (as 
applicable), and in certain cases the Investor might receive no interest payments and/or 
could lose some or all of its investment. 
(j) 
There are risks where the redemption of the Products depends only on the final 
performance 
If the Products determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) as at the final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple periods 
throughout the term of the Products) then the Investor may not benefit from any 
movement in level, value or price of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Products 
that is not reflected in the final performance. 
(k) 
There are risks in relation to Products where the 'strike level' is predetermined 
In respect of Products for which 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the strike level is specified as a 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the strike level was determined 
on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. As a result the 
strike level will not reflect current market prices of the Underlying. The probability of 
the occurrence of any events, along with any amounts due to Investors, that are 
determined by reference to the strike level(s) of the Underlyings will be different than if

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
 
such amount or events were determined by reference to current market prices of the 
Underlying(s). 
(l) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to a basket of Underlyings 
Where Products are linked to a basket of Underlying(s), Investors will be exposed to the 
performance of each Underlying in the basket and Investors should refer to the relevant 
risk factors in the section relating to each of the asset classes represented. Investors 
should also consider the level of interdependence or 'correlation' between each of the 
basket constituents with respect to the performance of the basket. If the Underlying(s) 
are correlated, the performance of the Underlying(s) in the basket can be expected to 
move in the same direction (and vice versa) and investors should consider the impact of 
this 'correlation' on the performance of the Products.  
Investors should be aware that the performance of a basket with fewer constituents will 
be more affected by changes in the values of any particular basket constituent than a 
basket with a greater number of basket constituents.  
The performance of basket constituents may be moderated or offset by one another. This 
means that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more constituents, the 
performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other 
constituents is negative to a greater extent.  
If the Underlyings in the basket have different weights, Investors should consider that 
the lower the weighting of the Underlying, the lower the impact of the performance of 
such Underlying on the performance of the entire basket. 
(m) 
There are risks in relation to Products that may be settled by way of delivery of the 
relevant Underlying(s) at maturity  
If the relevant Product is to be settled by way of delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), 
upon maturity of the Products the delivery of the relevant Underlying(s) may be made 
instead of the payment of a monetary amount. In such case, since Investors will be 
exposed to the specific issuer and securities risks associated with the relevant 
Underlying(s) to be delivered, when purchasing the Products investors should consider 
all Underlyings which could potentially be delivered. Investors should not assume that 
the Underlying(s) to be delivered after redemption of the Products can be sold at a 
specific price, in particular not at a price equivalent to the capital used to purchase the 
Products. In certain circumstances the delivered Underlying(s) may only have a very low 
value or may in fact be worthless. In this case, investors run the risk of losing all of their 
capital used to purchase the Products.  
Investors should consider that any fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) after the 
final fixing date of the price of the Underlying(s) in accordance with the terms of the 
Products will be borne by them until the respective actual delivery. Losses in the value 
of the Underlying(s) to be delivered may occur after the final fixing date and are to be 
borne by Investors. This means that the actual gain or loss can only be determined after 
delivery of the Underlying(s). 
If an Underlying to be delivered is a registered share, Investors should consider that the 
rights associated with the shares (e.g., participation in the general meeting, exercise of 
voting rights, etc.) can generally only be exercised by shareholders who are registered in 
the share register or a comparable official list of shareholders of the company. The 
obligation of the Issuer to deliver shares is limited to provision of the shares effected 
with the characteristics and in the form that allow delivery via an exchange and does not 
cover registration in the share register or list of shareholders. Any claims due to non-
fulfilment, in particular rescission or damage claims, are excluded in such cases. 
Further, if delivery of the Underlying, for whatever reason, is economically or actually 
impeded or not possible, the Issuer shall have the right to pay a compensation amount in 
lieu of delivery of the Underlying.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
 
(n) 
There are risks where the Products have an 'autocall' feature 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products include an 'autocall' feature it should be 
noted that the level of the Redemption Amount and the time for redemption of the 
Products depend on whether an Autocall Event specified in the terms and conditions has 
occurred on an Autocall Observation Date. If such event occurs, the term of the Products 
ends early and the Products are redeemed early in accordance with the terms and 
conditions. In the case of such early redemption, the future price performance of the 
Underlying(s) is irrelevant to the Investor. 
(o) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'capital protection at maturity' feature 
For Products which offer a capital protection at maturity date, the Investor may, however, 
lose part or all of the initially invested amount if the Products are sold by the Investor 
before the maturity date (since the value of the Products during their lifetime may be 
lower than the amount of the capital protection due to market fluctuations). 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings 
(a) 
General  
(i) 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors will not have 
any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, 
where the Underlying(s) is a share, Investors will have no voting rights, no rights 
to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
Underlying(s). In addition, Investors will have no claim against any share issuer, 
index sponsor, fund issuer, fund sponsor or any other third party in relation to an 
Underlying(s); such parties have no obligation to act in Investors' interests. 
Accordingly, Investors in the Products may receive a lower return on the Products 
than they would have received had they invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
(ii) 
The value of and return on the Products will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying(s), but such performance is not possible to predict and the economic 
relationship between the value of and return on the Products will depend on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) may not be clear and may change over time 
and be affected by other matters 
The calculation of the redemption amount payable or, in the case of Products with 
redemption by delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), the number of the 
Underlyings to be delivered at maturity and, if and to the extent that the Products 
have a variable interest rate, the coupon amounts, may depend on the performance 
of one or more Underlying(s) during the term. This means that there is a 
connection between the economic value of the Products and the economic value 
of the Underlying(s) to which the Product is linked.  
However, investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship 
between the market value of the Products and the current price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) since the market value of the Products may also be affected by 
factors other than the current price of the relevant Underlying(s), such as volatility 
of such Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the general interest 
rates etc. Therefore, positive changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) 
do not necessarily lead to a change in the market value of the Product which is 
positive for the Investor. A depreciation of the Product moreover may even occur 
if the relevant price of the relevant Underlying(s) remains constant. Investors 
should note that changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) (or even a 
situation where an expected price change does not occur) can reduce the value of 
the Products to a disproportionately high extent and even render them worthless, 
unless the Products provide for payment of a scheduled minimum redemption 
amount (or for partial redemption amounts). In particular, Investors should not

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
 
assume that the price of the Products will recover in time in view of the limited 
life of the Products. 
Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) and the Product, Investors 
may lose some of their investment. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are shares 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of shares 
The performance of the relevant share cannot be predicted and is determined by 
macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the capital 
markets, currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder 
structure and distribution policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could 
adversely affect the performance of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have 
an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in dividends or other distribution on the 
shares 
Investors in Products linked to shares will not have any voting rights or rights to 
dividends or interest payments or other distributions or other rights relating to the 
share. Therefore, the return on the Products may be lower than holding such 
Underlying(s) directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of a share may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of common shares of a company will not have participated in the 
offering and issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Lead Manager will have made any investigation or enquiry in relation to the share 
issuer for the purposes of the Products. Therefore, there can be no assurance that 
all events occurring prior to the Issue Date of the Products that would affect the 
trading price of the relevant share(s) will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning the share issuer could affect the trading price 
of the share and therefore the price of the Products. Also, investors should be 
aware that the issuer of any common shares may or may not take actions in respect 
of common shares without regard to the interests of investors in Products and any 
of these actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Products.  
(c) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are participation 
certificates  
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of participation 
certificates 
The performance of the relevant participation certificate cannot be predicted and 
is determined by macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on 
the capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well as company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation and 
distribution policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely 
affect the performance of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have an adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in distributions on the participation 
certificates 
Investors in Products linked to participation certificates will not have any rights 
to distributions or other rights relating to the participation certificate. Therefore, 
the return on the Products may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) directly.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of the participation certificate may negatively affect the 
Products 
The issuer of participation certificate will not have participated in the offering and 
issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Lead Manager will have 
made any investigation or enquiry in relation to the participation certificate issuer 
for the purposes of the Products. Therefore, there can be no assurance that all 
events occurring prior to the issue date of the Products that would affect the 
trading price of the relevant participation certificate(s) will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure 
to disclose material future events concerning the participation certificate issuer 
could affect the trading price of the participation certificate and therefore the 
trading price of the Products. Also, investors should be aware that the issuer of 
any participation certificate may or may not take actions in respect of participation 
certificate without regard to the interests of investors in Products and any of these 
actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Products. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are depositary receipts 
Products linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts ("Depositary 
Receipts") may carry additional risks compared to Products linked to shares. 
Each Depositary Receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the 
security of a non-domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares 
is, for both types of Depositary Receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent 
of the Depositary Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under which the Depositary 
Receipts have been issued and under which the depositary agreement is governed, it 
cannot be ruled out that the jurisdiction will not accept the holder of the Depositary 
Receipts as the actual beneficial owner of the underlying shares. In particular in the event 
that the depositary becomes insolvent or is subject to foreclosure, it is possible that a 
restraint on disposal of the underlying shares of the Depositary Receipts will be imposed 
or that such shares will be disposed of in the context of a foreclosure against the 
depositary. In this case, the holder of the Depositary Receipts will lose the rights over 
the underlying shares which are certified in the Depositary Receipt. The Depositary 
Receipt as the underlying of the Products and therefore the Products relating to such 
Depositary Receipt will become worthless. 
In such a scenario the Investor is exposed to the risk of the value of the redemption of 
such Products being less than the capital invested for the Product (including related 
transaction costs) or zero.  
Any fees and costs that the custodian bank – generally having its registered office in the 
home country of the issuer of the underlying shares – or the depositary incur can have a 
negative impact on the value of the Depositary Receipts and thus on the value of the 
Products. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
In the case of Products linked to indices, the redemption amount depends on the 
performance of the index and thus of the components contained in the index. During the 
term, the market value of the Products can, however, also deviate from the performance 
of the index or components contained in the index since other factors such as the 
correlation, volatilities, interest level and (if applicable) the reinvestment of any dividend 
payments relating to the components contained in the index, may have an impact on the 
performance of the Products.  
In the case of a 'price index' as an underlying, investors should note that dividend 
payments are in principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a 'performance 
index' the calculation of such index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, 
investors should note that they will not participate in any dividend payments with regard 
to the components contained in the underlying.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
 
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the 
composition of the Index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory 
requirements with regard to the publication and the use of an index during the term of 
the Products which may require an admission or a registration of the respective index 
and an index modification in order to comply with the statutory provisions. Therefore, it 
cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, cancelled or may no longer be used. 
In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent is entitled to make 
adjustments pursuant to the Conditions and to make determinations with respect to the 
price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at the end of the 
term of the Product and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the Products. 
The index sponsor may, in its reasonable discretion, either (i) on a regular basis and, as 
the case may be, on non-predetermined dates or (ii) upon the occurrence of extraordinary 
events, remove or replace or add new components to such an Index or make other 
changes to the methodology. A new component may perform significantly better or 
worse than the replaced component, which in turn may affect the payments to be made 
by the Issuer to the Investor. The index sponsor or the person responsible for the 
composition of the Index may also change, discontinue or suspend the calculation or 
distribution of the Index and there can be no assurance that such decisions will be 
beneficial to the performance of the Index. The index sponsor of an Index may take any 
action in relation to the Index without regard to the interests of the Investor and any such 
action may adversely affect the market value of the Products. 
The rules of the Index may provide, where applicable, that an Index fee shall be charged 
by the index sponsor or by the Index calculation agent or by the person responsible for 
the composition of the Index which reduces the level of the Index. This will particularly 
be the case if there is a discretion of the index sponsor or the index calculation agent or 
the person responsible for the composition of the index regarding the selection of the 
index components. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Index does not reflect the 
performance of the Index components or does so only partially. In the case of indices 
whose start date is close to or shortly before the Initial Fixing Date or the Fixing Period 
of the Products, historical information on the performance of the Index is missing or is 
only available to a limited extent. 
(f) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
There is generally a close correlation between the price movement of an underlying for 
the relevant futures contract on a spot market and on the corresponding futures market. 
However, futures contracts are generally traded at a premium or discount compared with 
the spot price of the underlying of the futures contract. This difference between the spot 
and futures prices, called the 'basis' in futures exchange terminology, on the one hand is 
the result of taking into account the costs customarily arising in connection with spot 
transactions (warehousing, delivery, insurance, etc.) and/or the income customarily 
arising in connection with spot transactions (interest, dividends, etc.), and on the other 
hand the different methods used to evaluate general market factors affecting the spot and 
the futures market. Furthermore, depending on the relevant underlying, there can be 
significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and respective futures market. 
As the Products are linked to the market price of the futures contracts specified in the 
Issue Terms, investors should understand how futures transactions work and are valued 
in addition to knowing about the market in the underlying of the relevant futures contract 
to be able to properly assess the risks inherent in purchasing the Products. 
Since futures contracts as an Underlying of the Products may have a fixed expiry date, 
where the relevant futures contract expires prior to the maturity of the Product, the futures 
contract will be replaced upon expiration (at the time specified in the Issue Terms), with 
a futures contract that has the same contract specifications as that futures contract except 
for the expiry date which is more distant than that of the current futures contract (referred 
to as "roll-over"). Roll-over can affect the investment value of the Underlying in a 
number of ways, including:

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through 
roll-over: Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price 
of the longer-dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be 
in "backwardation"), then the roll-over from the former to the latter will result in 
exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. 
Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the 
prices of the future contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held the 
same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price 
of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated 
futures contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be in "contango"), then 
the roll-over will result in exposure to a smaller number of the longer-dated 
futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions for 
a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will be less than if one had 
synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such 
may be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, 
positive) effect over time: Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price 
of the longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) 
decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the roll-over is generally 
expected to have a negative effect on an investment in the futures contract. An 
Investor may lose some, or all, of their investment. Where a futures contract is in 
"backwardation", then the price of the longer-dated futures contract will generally 
be expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, 
the investment in the relevant futures contract can generally be expected to be 
positively affected.  
In the case of Products which are linked to an Underlying which is a futures contract, the 
futures contract will be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions in the 
commodity contracts. Accordingly, the effects of the roll-over described above do not 
apply directly to the Underlying and the Products. As a result, an Investor in such 
Products will not participate directly in possible effects of the roll-over. However, other 
market participants may act in accordance with the mechanism of the roll-over and such 
behaviour may have an indirect adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset for 
the Products. 
(g) 
Risk associated with whole-day trading of currencies and commodities 
If any amounts due under the Products are determined on the basis of currencies or 
commodities, investors should consider that those are traded 24 hours a day as a result 
of the time zones of Australia, Asia, Europe and United States of America. For this 
reason it is possible that an event that is material in accordance with the Conditions or a 
factor relevant for the determination of any right granted by the Product may occur or be 
determined outside the business hours of the place where the Products are offered and/or 
traded. 
(h) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are currency exchange 
rates 
Currency exchange rates indicate the relationship between one particular currency and 
another currency. For example the exchange rate 'EUR/USD 1.11823' indicates that USD 
1.11823 has to be paid to purchase one euro. An increase in this currency exchange rate 
therefore means an increase in the value of the euro against the US dollar. The currency 
exchange rate 'USD/EUR 0.89416', on the other hand, indicates that EUR 0.89416 has 
to be paid to purchase one US dollar. An increase in this currency exchange rate therefore 
means an increase in the value of the US dollar against the euro. 
A country's currency may appreciate, for example, as a result of an increase in a country's 
key interest rate, demand for such country's government bonds normally rises. 
Conversely, a country's currency may depreciate if the key interest rate falls. Generally, 
exchange rates are determined by supply and demand for currencies on the international

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
 
money markets which are, among other things, subject to economic factors, speculation 
and actions taken by governments and central banks (e.g., exchange controls or 
restrictions). 
Currency exchange rates are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including inflation 
rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and 
the safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned. Apart from these 
assessable factors there may be factors that are almost impossible to predict, for instance 
factors of a psychological nature such as a loss of faith in the political leadership of a 
country, which can also have a major impact on the value of the currency concerned. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are more 
volatile than other investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets are less 
liquid than bond, currency or stock markets. This means that changes in the supply and 
demand have a larger impact on prices and volatility, making commodities investments 
riskier and more complex than other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The 
following are examples of some typical factors affecting commodities prices. 
(i) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-
consuming. This means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited and 
it is not always possible to adjust production swiftly to take account of demand. 
Demand can also vary on a regional basis. Transport costs for commodities in 
regions where these are needed also affect their prices. The fact that some 
commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as agricultural products which are only 
produced at certain times of the year, can also result in major price fluctuations. 
(ii) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance and 
tax. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total returns 
from commodities investments are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(iii) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react 
to changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market 
participants on the commodities markets means that speculative investments can 
have negative consequences and may distort prices. 
(iv) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities 
for the entire year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable 
price fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can also influence the prices for 
agricultural commodities. 
(v) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand 
coming principally from industrialised nations. However, the political and 
economic situation of emerging markets is often far less stable than in 
industrialised nations. They are generally much more susceptible to the risks of 
rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can affect investor 
confidence, which can as a consequence influence commodity prices. Armed 
conflicts can also have impact on the supply and demand for certain commodities. 
It is also possible for industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and 
exports of goods and services. This can directly and indirectly impact commodity 
prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers have joined forces to 
establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative impact 
on the profitability margins for commodities producers. If these costs are passed 
on to buyers, these changes will affect the prices of the relevant commodities.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is subject to 
change in ways that could affect the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or 
hedging transactions in relation to the Products. Changes to these legal and regulatory 
regimes may negatively affect the value of the Products. 
Such changes to the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities may also 
adversely impact the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or hedging 
transactions in relation to the Products, or may make it unlawful or unfeasible in whole 
or in part for any reason for the Issuer to access commodity markets for the purpose of 
managing commodity market risk. This, in turn, may lead to adjustment to or early 
redemption of the Products. 
In the event that there is an early redemption of the Products, any early redemption 
amount may be less than the initial investment, and could even be zero. Additionally, the 
Investor may not be able to reinvest the early redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate or yield on its Products.  
(j) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices  
Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices are subject to additional 
risks which may adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on such 
Products, including the following: 
(i) 
Unpredictable factors may affect the performance of commodity indices  
The level of commodity indices replicates an actual investment in the relevant 
commodities (which as described below, may be through commodities futures 
contracts), and therefore may go up or down depending on the overall 
performance of the weighted basket of commodities. However, unpredictable 
factors can impact the value of a commodity index.  
Typically, the commodities in a commodity index are weighted based on their 
world production levels and the dollar value of those levels with the exception of 
any sub-index of a commodity index based upon such sub-index. The world 
production levels and the dollar value of such values may fluctuate unpredictably 
and significantly, with the result that the weighting and value of the commodity 
index fluctuates. Such movements may decrease the value of Products linked to 
Underlying(s) which are commodity indices. 
Commodity prices are affected by a variety of unpredictable factors highlighted 
in Risk Factor 2.4(f) (Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) 
which are futures contracts) such as weather conditions, the political and 
economic landscape of emerging market countries, changes in tax rates and 
customs duties and changes in legal and regulatory regimes in relation to 
commodities. These factors may affect the value of Products linked to 
Underlying(s) which are commodity indices in varying ways, and different factors 
may cause the value of different commodities underlying a commodity index and 
the volatilities of their prices, to move in inconsistent directions and at 
inconsistent rates. 
(ii) 
There are risks related to commodities indices which include constituents which 
are commodities futures contracts  
Commodity indices are often comprised of futures contracts on physical 
commodities. These are synthetic contracts either to buy or sell a set amount of 
the relevant physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period, or 
to make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the physical 
commodity. Accordingly, investors holding Products linked to Underlying(s) 
which are commodity indices comprised of commodities futures contracts are 
subject to many of the same risks as investors holding Products linked to 
Underlying(s) which are commodities and as investors holding Products linked to

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
 
Underlying(s) which are futures contracts - see Risk Factor 2.4(f) (Risks 
associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts).  
Futures contracts expire periodically and, in order to maintain an investment in 
the relevant commodity, it is necessary from time to time to "roll" out of such 
contracts before they expire and "roll" into the corresponding longer-dated 
contract on such commodity. As commodity indices may seek to replicate an 
actual investment in commodity contracts, they will take into account the rolling 
of commodity contracts included in such commodity indices. Specifically, as the 
composition of a commodity index changes from one commodity futures contract 
to another, the commodity index will be calculated as if the former contract is 
sold and the proceeds of that sale are used to purchase the latter commodity 
contract. As discussed below, because of differences in the respective prices of 
the futures contracts, the roll feature can affect the level of the commodity index 
and cause it to lose correlation with the underlying physical commodity spot price 
so that they do not move in the same proportionate way over time.  
When the commodity futures contract which is the first-nearby contract changes 
from contract expiration "X" to contract expiration "Y" (as contract expiration 
"X" is approaching expiry), there is a discrete change in the price of the prevailing 
first-nearby commodity futures contract. If contract expiration "Y" is trading at a 
premium to contract expiration "X" (referred to as a "contango" market, as 
described in further detail below), the discrete change will represent a jump in the 
spot price. If contract expiration "Y" is trading at a discount to contract expiration 
"X" (referred to as a "backwardated market", as described in further detail below) 
the discrete change will represent a drop in the spot price. Since such jump or 
drop does not correspond to a change in price of any given commodity futures 
contract, these economics cannot be captured by a futures-linked investment such 
as a commodity index. Therefore, all other things being equal (in particular, 
assuming no change in the relative price of the various contract expirations with 
respect to the relevant commodity futures contract), in a contango market a long-
only futures-linked investment may be expected to underperform the spot price 
(due to not capturing the jump in spot price) and in a backwardated market a long-
only futures-linked investment may be expected to outperform the spot price (due 
to not capturing the drop in spot price). 
More broadly, typically the price of a commodity futures contract will be at a 
premium or at a discount to the spot price of the underlying physical commodity. 
This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to adjust the spot price due 
to related expenses (e.g., warehousing, transport and insurance costs) and (ii) 
different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the 
futures markets. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be 
significant differences in the liquidity of the spot markets and the futures markets.  
For these reasons, the trend in the value of the spot price of the relevant underlying 
physical commodity/ies may not be matched by the movement of the level of the 
commodity index, and therefore investors in Products linked to a commodity 
index may obtain a lesser return than if they had invested in other investment 
products which seek to give economic exposure to the relevant physical 
commodity/ies price. 
Further, a commodity index may deduct additional costs and expenses under the 
index rules, and such deductions may reduce the level that would otherwise 
prevail and also reduce the correlation with the relevant commodity/ies price(s). 
For the above reasons, Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity 
indices may provide a different return than the relevant underlying physical 
commodity/ies, and investors may realise a higher return through investing in 
other investment products. 
(k) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are funds

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
 
Factors affecting the performance of the Fund (being either (i) an exchange traded fund 
("ETF"), which is an open ended or other fund traded on an exchange, or (ii) a fund, in 
each case that tracks or is linked to the performance of a portfolio of assets) may 
adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked to 
such Fund.  
The performance of a Fund is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors affecting the 
performance of such assets which may include, among other things, interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, commodity prices, currency developments, political factors 
and, in the case of shares, company specific factors, such as earnings position, market 
position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These factors 
affecting the performance of the Fund(s) may adversely affect the market value of, and 
the return (if any) on, the Products linked to such Funds. 
(i) 
Exposure to the risk that the return on the Product does not reflect the return on 
a direct investment in the fund units or ETF shares or the assets included in the 
portfolio of the Fund(s)  
An Investor's return on Products linked to one or more Funds may not reflect the 
return such Investor would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant fund 
units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). For 
example, if the portfolio of the Fund(s) includes shares or a share index, Investors 
in the Products linked to such Fund will not receive any dividends paid on such 
shares or the shares included in such share index and will not benefit from those 
dividends unless such Fund takes such dividends into account for purposes of 
calculating the value of such Fund. Similarly, Investors in Products linked to 
Fund(s) will not have any voting rights in the shares or other assets that are 
included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). Accordingly, an Investor in Products 
linked to Fund(s) may receive a lower payment (if any) upon redemption of such 
Products than such Investor would have received, if he or she had directly 
invested in the fund units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio of such 
Fund(s). 
(ii) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of the Fund(s) could adversely 
affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have no influence on the 
composition or performance of any Fund or any index that such Fund is intended 
to replicate. The Management Company or the licensor/sponsor, as applicable, of 
an underlying index can add, delete or substitute the assets included in such index, 
respectively, or make methodological changes that could affect the value of such 
Fund or of such underlying index, respectively. The substitution of assets 
included in the portfolio of a Fund or in an underlying index, respectively, may 
affect the value of such Fund, as a newly added asset may perform significantly 
worse or better than the asset it replaces, which in turn may affect the market 
value of, or payments (or other benefits to be received) under, the Products. The 
Management Company or licensor/sponsor of any underlying index may also 
alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information on such 
Fund or such underlying index, respectively. The Management Company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index are not involved in the offer and sale 
of the Products and have no obligation to invest therein. The Management 
Company and licensor/sponsor of such underlying index may take any actions in 
respect of such Fund or such underlying index, respectively, without regard to the 
interests of the Investors in Products, and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of (or amount payable under) such Products. In particular, 
no assurance can be given that the performance of a Fund will be identical to the 
performance of the assets included in the portfolio of the Fund(s) or which the 
Fund intends to replicate, respectively, due to many factors. 
(iii) 
Risks in relation to market price

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
 
The market price of interests in the Fund that are traded on an exchange may, due 
to the forces of supply and demand, as well as liquidity and scale of trading spread 
in the secondary market, diverge from their net asset value, i.e., the market price 
per interest in the Fund could be higher or lower than its net asset value, and will 
fluctuate during the trading day. 
The performance of Fund(s) with a portfolio of assets that are concentrated in the 
assets of a particular industry or group of industries could be more volatile than 
the performance of Funds with portfolios of more diverse assets. 
(iv) 
Risks in relation to costs of Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, 
as described in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the 
investment management fees, performance fees and operating expenses typically 
incurred in connection with any direct investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess 
fees and incur costs and expenses regardless of its performance. High levels of 
trading could cause a Fund to incur increased trading costs. Investors of Products 
linked to Fund(s) will be exposed to a pro rata share of the fees and expenses of 
the relevant Fund(s). 
(v) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset 
value per Fund Unit by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). 
Any delay, suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net 
asset value per Fund Unit will impact on the calculation of the return on the 
Products. The value of and return on the Products may also be reduced if a Fund 
delays payments in respect of fund share redemptions. 
The Fund Units and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only by 
administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may not be 
verified by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk 
that (i) the determinations of the Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value 
of the Fund Units at a specific time which could result in losses or inaccurate 
pricing and/or (ii) relevant values may not be available on a relevant date which 
could result in the Fund Units of the Fund being determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion. 
(vi) 
Risk that strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment 
objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be 
successful or that the investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that 
any analytical model used by the relevant management company will prove to be 
correct or that any assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility 
and correlation of the types of investments in which such Fund has invested or 
will invest will prove accurate. The analytical models utilised by a management 
company of a Fund and upon which investment decisions are based may be 
developed from historical analysis of the performance or correlation of historical 
analysis of the performance or correlations of certain companies, securities, 
industries, countries or markets. There can be no assurance that the historical 
performance that is used to determine such analytical models will be a good 
indicator of future performance, and if the future performance of a Fund varies 
significantly, the management company of such Fund may not achieve its 
intended investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be 
successful under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial 
instruments such as derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge 
against fluctuations in the relative values of the Fund's portfolio positions as a

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
 
result of changes in exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and levels of 
yields and prices of other securities. Such hedging transactions may not always 
achieve the intended outcome and can also limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment 
strategy, within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its 
investment focus within a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear 
adverse consequences to a Fund's investment performance. Further, a Fund may 
have difficulty realising on any strategy initiatives that it undertakes. It may not 
sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the investment criteria set out in its 
investment guidelines. 
(l) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are reference rates 
(including interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the 
money market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the 
interaction of supply of and demand for funds in the money market. The supply and 
demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic 
factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments 
and political factors, or upon other factors, depending on the specific type of reference 
rate. Such factors affecting the performance of a reference rate may adversely affect the 
market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no 
influence on the determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally 
calculated by an independent organization or a governmental authority, often based on 
information provided by market participants. The entity publishing an interest rate or 
reference rate can modify the calculation method for determining such reference rate or 
make other methodological changes that could affect the value of the interest rate or 
reference rate. The calculation or dissemination of such reference rate may also be 
altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a reference rate is not involved 
in the offer and sale of the Products and has no obligation to invest therein. The entity 
publishing a reference rate may take any actions in respect of such reference rate without 
regard to the interests of the Investors in Products and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of such Products. 
(m) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Derivative Instruments or Fixed Rate 
Instruments (each an "Instrument") 
(i) 
There are risks in relation to each type of Instrument 
Instruments may be linked to different types of underlying assets, including, but 
not limited to, indices and shares. Risks in relation to each type of underlying 
asset are described in the section entitled "Risks associated with certain types of 
Underlying". 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Instruments, the 
Instruments may be substituted or the Products may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated or redeemed early or in the event of 
changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument, the Instruments may be 
replaced with another instrument or the Products may be redeemed early at the 
unscheduled early redemption amount, which may be zero in the worst case, i.e. 
the Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
(n) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are emerging markets 
Underlyings  
Investments in so-called emerging markets contain further risk factors in addition to the 
risks normally associated with the investment in the respective underlying. These include

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
 
the unstable economic situation, high inflation, increased currency risks as well as 
political and legal risks. The political and economic structures in emerging markets are 
sometimes subject to considerable transitions and rapid developments and these 
countries often lack social, political and economic stability if compared with more 
industrialised nations. Of particular importance is the increased risk of currency 
fluctuations. Instability in these countries can also be caused by authoritarian 
governments or military interference in political and economic decision making. This 
also includes anti-constitutional (attempted) regime change, civil unrest relating to 
demands for improved political, economic and social conditions, hostile relations with 
neighbouring countries or conflicts based on ethnic, religious or racial reasons.  
There is also the possibility of restrictions being imposed on foreign investors, 
expropriation of assets, confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign 
bank deposits or other assets, the introduction of currency controls or other detrimental 
developments which may adversely affect the success of investments in such countries. 
Such adverse effects can, under certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e., 
months or years. Each of these adverse effects may cause what is known as a market 
disruption in relation to the Products and one of the results of this may be that during this 
period no prices will be quoted for the Products affected by the market disruption.  
The small size and lack of experience on the securities markets in certain countries as 
well as the limited trading volume of securities can cause an underlying to be less liquid 
and/or considerably more volatile than underlyings in more established markets. It is 
possible that very little financial information is available on local issuers, which can 
make it difficult to assess the value of and/or prospects of the underlying.  
In addition, if the underlyings of the Products are quoted in local currency, i.e., not 
hedged against the currency of the Products, there is an increased foreign exchange risk. 
Experience shows that the currency exchange rates in emerging markets are subject to 
particularly high fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative performance of 
the Product, even though the performance of the underlying during the term of the 
Product has essentially remained unchanged or even risen. This may mean that some or 
all of the total performance of the underlying may be eroded by currency losses and that 
the performance of the underlying even may become negative.  
(o) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Products linked to 
such values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or 
benchmarks are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Products linked to any 
such value or benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, 
subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called 
"critical benchmarks" such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or 
strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmarks Regulation as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value 
of, certain financial instruments (including Products listed on an EU regulated market or 
EU multilateral trading facility (MTF)), and in a number of other circumstances.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
 
things, the Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to 
benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) 
benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in 
accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU 
administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been determined 
to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has not been 
endorsed in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-
EU benchmarks pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). 
Benchmarks and benchmark administrators which were approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA 
Register on 1 January 2021.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Products linked to a 
'benchmark'. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways by an EU 
supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator 
does not obtain authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not 
satisfy the 'equivalence' conditions and is not 'recognised' pending an equivalence 
decision); and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could 
reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Products) could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Products, including potentially determination by 
the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition 
away from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and 
have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary 
benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest 
rate benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-
Term Rate (€STR) as the new euro risk- free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be eventually established as the primary US 
dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other 
important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace and have little, if any, 
historical track record. It is not known whether certain IBORs will continue long-term in 
their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may cause the 
relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The replacement risk free rate may have little, 
if any, historical track record and may be subject to changes in its methodology. Any of 
these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Products linked to any such rates. 
(p) 
Risks associated with Products linked to an Underlying(s) denominated in renminbi 
(i) 
Renminbi is subject to the People’s Republic of China exchange control policies 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and is subject to exchange control policies and 
restrictions of the People’s Republic of China government. As a result of 
restrictions imposed by the People’s Republic of China government on cross-

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
 
border renminbi fund flows, the availability of renminbi outside the People’s 
Republic of China is limited, which may adversely affect the liquidity of renminbi 
outside the People’s Republic of China, which in turn may adversely affect the 
market value, and the potential return, of Products linked to or denominated in 
renminbi. 
(ii) 
Risks relating to renminbi exchange rate and interest rate 
If specified in the Issue Terms, the Product will be denominated and settled in 
renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China. The exchange rate of, and 
interest rate for, renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China may be different 
from the same in the People’s Republic of China. The value of renminbi against 
Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by 
changes in the People’s Republic of China and international political, economic 
and market conditions and by many other factors. There is no guarantee that 
renminbi will not depreciate and any devaluation of renminbi could adversely 
affect the market value of the Product. In addition, interest rates for renminbi in 
the People’s Republic of China government are controlled. The People’s Republic 
of China government may further liberalise the regulation of interest rates for 
renminbi in the People’s Republic of China which may increase interest rate 
volatility for renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China. Any fluctuation in 
interest rates for renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China may adversely 
affect the market value, and the potential return, of the Product. 
(iii) 
Risks relating to renminbi payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency or Investment Currency of the Product is renminbi, 
and FX Disruption Event is 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and has occurred and 
is continuing on, a scheduled date of payment, payment may be made in the 
Specified Currency on the postponed payment date if a Specified Currency is 
chosen in the Issue Terms. In such case, there may be a delay in payments under 
the Product and no interest will be payable for any such delay. Investors may also 
suffer a loss in Specified Currency terms if renminbi depreciates against the 
Specified Currency following the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event. 
2.5 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the Lead Manager, the Calculation Agent and of the discretionary powers of the 
Issuer and Calculation Agent  
(a) 
Conflicts of interest  
(i) 
Conflicts of interest related to the Underlying(s) 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "EFGI 
Group"), the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent deal in the Underlying(s) 
or in components of the Underlying(s) or in options or futures contracts relating 
to the Underlying(s) or components thereof in their normal course of business and 
from time to time may participate in transactions connected to the Products for 
their own account or on behalf of others. The Issuer and other companies in the 
EFGI Group, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent can also hold interests 
in individual Underlyings or in the companies contained in these Underlyings, 
meaning that conflicts of interest can arise in connection with the Products which 
conflicts could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) on the value 
of, and return on, the Products. 
(ii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of another function 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent may, in addition, exercise another function 
in relation to the relevant Products or Underlying(s) or components thereof, such 
as issuing agent, calculation agent, paying agent and/or administrative agent.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
 
Therefore, there can be conflicts of interest regarding the duties when determining 
the prices of the Products and other determinations related thereto among the 
relevant companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead Manager and the Calculation 
Agent and the Investors. Furthermore, the Issuer and other companies in the EFGI 
Group, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent may act as members of a 
consortium, financial advisor or sponsor in connection with future offers of the 
relevant Underlying(s) or components thereof; activities of this kind can also 
entail conflicts of interest and could have an impact (including a material adverse 
impact) on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(iii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of hedging transactions 
The Issuer can use parts or all of the proceeds from the sale of the Products for 
hedging transactions. These hedging transactions can influence the price of the 
underlyings or the components of the underlying that is determined on the market. 
Fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) and consequently the Products may 
among other things be attributed to the fact that the Lead Manager (or any of its 
affiliate(s) or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Lead Manager) 
conduct significant volumes of hedging or other types of large transactions in or 
relating to the Underlying(s). Investors should also note in this respect that, 
especially in unfavourable conditions (e.g., low liquidity of the Underlying(s)), 
such transactions can have a significant impact on the value of the Underlying(s) 
and/or of the components contained therein and thus on the price of the Products, 
the level of any redemption amount as well as – in the case of Products which 
may stipulate a redemption by way of delivery – on the type of redemption and 
possibly lead to certain barrier levels stipulated in the terms and conditions being 
exceeded or fallen short of. 
The hedging entity is entitled to suspend or to stop entirely its trading activities 
in or related to an Underlying. This market conduct of the hedging entity as well 
as the limitation of its trading or hedging activities in or related to the 
Underlying(s) could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) on the 
value of, and return on, the Products.  
(iv) 
Conflicts of interest related to the issuance of additional products 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in EFGI Group, the Lead Manager 
and the Calculation Agent can issue additional products in relation to the 
Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s), including those that have the 
same or similar features as the Products. The introduction of products that are in 
competition with the Products can have an impact on the price of the underlying 
or components of the Underlying(s) and therefore have an impact on the value of, 
and return on, the Products.  
(v) 
Conflicts of interest related to information specific to the Underlying(s) 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent can receive non-public information regarding 
the underlying or components of the Underlying(s), but are not obliged to pass 
such information on to the Investors in the Products. Furthermore, companies in 
the EFGI Group, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent can publish 
research reports on the underlying or components of the underlying. These 
activities can give rise to specific conflicts of interest and therefore could have an 
impact (including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the 
Products.  
(vi) 
Conflicts of interest related to the determination of the selling price of the 
Products and commission payments 
The selling price of the Products, where appropriate in addition to fixed issue 
surcharges, management fees, performance fees or other fees, may contain

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
 
surcharges on the initial mathematical 'fair' value of the Products (the "margin"). 
This margin will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion and can 
differ from surcharges that other issuers impose on comparable Products.  
This margin covers, among other things, the costs of structuring, market making 
and settlement of the Products and also includes the expected profit for the Issuer. 
The selling price of the Products may contain commission which is charged by 
the Lead Manager for the issue or which is passed on to distribution partners as 
payment for distribution services. This may give rise to a difference between the 
fair value of the Product and the bid and offer prices quoted by any market maker 
(as described below). Any commission contained in the Products affects the 
|Investor's potential rate of return. Furthermore, conflicts of interest detrimental 
to the Investor may arise due to payment of such commission to distribution 
partners, since it could create an incentive for the partner to sell its customers 
products with higher commission. Therefore, Investors should consult with their 
principal bank or financial advisor about such conflicts of interest.  
(vii) 
Conflicts of interest related to market making for the Products 
Under normal market conditions the Lead Manager or, if applicable, a third party 
(the "Market Maker") may quote bid and offer prices for each issue of Products. 
However, no legal obligations are assumed with respect to the amount or the 
realisation of such quotations. Investors should note that it may not be possible to 
sell the Products during their term at a particular point in time or at a particular 
price.  
Furthermore, bid and offer prices for the Products quoted by the Market Maker 
(if any) will be calculated on the basis of customary pricing models for the sector 
that are used by the Market Maker and other traders and which determine the 
theoretical value of the Products by taking into account various factors 
influencing prices.  
Such circumstances on which the Market Maker bases its determination of the bid 
and offer prices on the secondary market include, in particular, the theoretical 
value of the Products, which among other things depends on the value of the 
underlying and the spread between bid and offer prices desired by the Market 
Maker. In addition, an issue surcharge that is originally imposed on the Products 
and any fees or costs that are deducted from the redemption amount at maturity, 
such as commission, administrative fees, transaction costs or comparable costs, 
will generally be considered. Furthermore, the margin contained in the selling 
price of the Products, for example, has an impact on pricing in the secondary 
market or other returns, such as paid or expected dividends or any other returns 
on the Underlying or its components if the Issuer is entitled to these due to the 
features of the Products. 
Certain costs such as any administrative fees charged are often during pricing not 
spread equally over the term of the Products (pro rata temporis), thereby reducing 
the price, but instead are deducted in full from the theoretical value of the Products 
at an earlier point in time determined at the discretion of the Market Maker. The 
same applies for the margin, if any, contained in the selling price of the Products 
as well as for dividends and other returns on the underlying if the Issuer is entitled 
to these due to the features of the Products. These are often not only deducted 
from the price when the underlying or its components are traded 'ex dividend', but 
are deducted at an earlier point during the term on the basis of the expected 
dividends for the whole term or a particular period. The speed of the deduction 
depends among other things on the amount of any net return flow from the 
Products to the Market Maker. The prices quoted by the Market Maker can 
therefore deviate considerably from the theoretical value or value of the Products 
to be expected based on the above mentioned factors at the relevant point in time. 
Furthermore, the Market Maker can change the methodology by which the prices

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
 
are determined at any time, e.g., by increasing or decreasing the spread. The result 
of such deviation from the theoretical value of the Products can be that bid and 
offer prices quoted by other traders for the Products deviate significantly (both 
upwards and downwards) from the prices quoted by the Market Maker. 
(b) 
Discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, including in relation to 
the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
There are certain events – relating to the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging arrangements, the 
Underlying(s), taxation, the relevant currency or other matters – the occurrence of which 
may give rise to discretionary powers of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent under the 
terms and conditions of the Products.  
In relation to the Underlying(s), a key investment objective of the Products is to allow 
investors to gain an economic exposure to the Underlying(s). If an Underlying is 
materially impacted by an unexpected event (for example, a company merges and the 
original stock that formed an Underlying is restructured or changed, or the rules of an 
index that is an Underlying are materially modified) or the relevant price, level or value 
can no longer be calculated, then it may not be possible to achieve the investment 
objective of the Products based on their original terms. In that case, the Calculation Agent 
may have discretionary powers under the terms and conditions of the Products to (i) 
adjust the terms and conditions of the Products, (ii) in certain cases, substitute the 
Underlying(s) for another, (iii) calculate the relevant price, level or value itself, (iv) 
postpone payment, (v) redeem the Products early, or (vi) apply some combination 
thereof. 
In relation to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, Investors 
should be aware that (i) in exercising its discretionary powers under the terms and 
conditions of the Products, each of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in 
particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements in respect of the Products, and 
(ii) unless the terms and conditions of the Products provide that certain hedge disruption 
events do not apply, certain events which affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements can 
give rise to discretionary powers on the part of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent.  
Hedging arrangements are the transactions (if any) entered into by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent to seek to cover the Issuer's exposure to the relevant cash amounts to 
be paid or assets to be delivered under the Products as these fall due. This may involve 
investing directly in the Underlying(s) or entering into derivative contracts referencing 
the Underlying(s) or other techniques. The particular hedging arrangements (if any) 
undertaken by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, and their cost, will likely be a 
significant determinant of the issue price and/or economic terms of the Products. 
Accordingly, if an event occurs which negatively impacts the Issuer or Calculation 
Agent's hedging arrangements, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may have options 
available to it under the terms and conditions of the Products which it may select in its 
discretion in order to deal with the impact of the event on such hedging arrangements. 
These options may include adjustment of the terms and conditions of the Products or 
early redemption of the Products. In the event of early redemption, the early redemption 
amount may be less than an Investor's investment and, therefore, Investors could lose 
some or all of their money.

--- Page 45 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
44 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out under paragraph 2 (Information incorporated by reference) below contained in 
the documents set out under paragraph 1 (Source documents) below has been filed with the Central Bank 
and shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Source documents 
(a) 
The Registration Document of EFGIF and EFGI dated 24 September 2021 (which can 
be accessed from the following hyperlink https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-
services/prospectuses-disclosures/documents/Registration_Document_EFG_2021.pdf) 
(the "Registration Document") approved by the Central Bank as competent authority in 
Ireland; 
(b) 
The Base Prospectus of EFGIF dated 28 September 2020 (which can be accessed from 
the following hyperlink https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/Base_Prospectus_EFG_2020.pdf) (the "September 2020 Base 
Prospectus") approved by the Central Bank as competent authority in Ireland; and 
(c) 
The Base Prospectus of EFGIF dated 30 September 2019 which can be accessed from 
the following hyperlink https://structuredproducts-ie.leonteq.com/contentAsset/raw-
data/f26443f8-40b8-4410-8710-
1ff858654ef0/fileAsset/byInode/1?force_download=true) (the "September 2019 Base 
Prospectus") approved by the Central Bank as competent authority in Ireland. 
2. 
Information incorporated by reference 
The information specified in the table below is incorporated into this Base Prospectus by 
reference. Any information contained in the document specified in paragraph 1 (Source 
documents) above which is not listed in the cross-reference lists below is either not relevant for 
Investors for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation or is covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
From the Registration Document 
Page references 
Entire document 
Pages 1 to 51 
From the September 2019 Base Prospectus 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 39 to 63 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 64 to 158 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Pages 159 to 238 
Form of Final Terms 
Pages 239 to 304 
From the September 2020 Base Prospectus 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 47 to 74 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 75 to 242 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Pages 243 to 326 
Form of Final Terms 
Pages 327 to 424 
 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above document 
should do so in connection with their evaluation of any Products. 
The documents incorporated by reference set out in paragraph 1 (Source documents) above will 
be published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.leonteq.com).

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
45 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS 
The terms and conditions of any particular issuance of Products will be composed of: 
(a) 
General Conditions: the General Conditions as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled 'General Conditions' below;  
(b) 
Payout Conditions: the economic or 'payout' conditions of the Products as set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled 'Payout Conditions' below, and which are specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(c) 
Underlying Specific Conditions: in respect of the Underlying(s) which the Products are linked 
to, the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying(s) as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'Underlying Specific Conditions' below, and which are specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms; and  
(d) 
Issue Terms: the issue specific details relating to such Products as set forth in a separate Issue 
Terms. 
No. 
General Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Introduction ........................................................................................................ 
47 
2 
Form, Title and Transfer .................................................................................... 
48 
3 
Status and Guarantee .......................................................................................... 
51 
4 
Calculations and Publication .............................................................................. 
51 
5 
Payments and Deliveries .................................................................................... 
52 
6 
Redemption and Settlement................................................................................ 
54 
7 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event ........................................ 
56 
8 
Indicative Amounts ............................................................................................ 
57 
9 
Effect of Adjustments ......................................................................................... 
58 
10 
Events of Default ................................................................................................ 
58 
11 
Early termination following a Service Provider Default Event .......................... 
59 
12 
Agents ................................................................................................................ 
59 
13 
Taxation.............................................................................................................. 
60 
14 
Prescription ........................................................................................................ 
61 
15 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability .................................... 
61 
16 
Notices ............................................................................................................... 
61 
17 
Substitution ........................................................................................................ 
62 
18 
Modifications ..................................................................................................... 
63 
19 
Purchases and Cancellations .............................................................................. 
63 
20 
Governing law and jurisdiction .......................................................................... 
63 
21 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ..................................................... 
64 
22 
Severability ........................................................................................................ 
64 
23 
Definitions and Interpretation ............................................................................ 
64 
 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Yield Enhancement Products ............................................................................. 
74

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
46 
 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
2 
Twin Win Products............................................................................................. 
111 
3 
Fixed Redemption Products ............................................................................... 
129 
4 
Protection Products ............................................................................................ 
133 
5 
Bonus Products ................................................................................................... 
153 
6 
Reverse Convertible Products ............................................................................ 
177 
7 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products ................................................................ 
184 
8 
Tracker Products ................................................................................................ 
205 
9 
Dual Currency Products ..................................................................................... 
228 
10 
Discount Products .............................................................................................. 
231 
11 
Leverage Products  ............................................................................................. 
233 
12 
Outperformance Products  .................................................................................. 
248 
13 
Long/Short Products ........................................................................................... 
259 
14 
Dispersion Products............................................................................................ 
266 
15 
Steepener Products ............................................................................................. 
270 
16 
General Definitions ............................................................................................ 
275 
 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Page No. 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................................  
284 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS ......  
293 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................................  
302 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS .......................................................  
309 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................................  
319 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS .........................................  
325 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS .........................................................  
333 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED 
CONDITIONS .................................................................................................................  
340 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ..........................................................................................  
347 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS ......................................................................................  
357 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ...............................................................  
364 
 
Issue terms 
Page No. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
368 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
495

--- Page 48 ---
General Conditions 
47 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
1. 
Introduction 
The following text comprises the general terms and conditions of the Products (the "General 
Conditions") that, together with the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions and subject to election and completion (and, in the case of Exempt Products, 
if applicable, amendment) in the Issue Terms (as defined below) (together, the "Conditions"), 
shall be applicable to each Series. 
The "Issue Terms" mean either (a) where the Products relate to a tranche that are not Exempt 
Products, the issue specific details will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") 
or (b) where the Products relate to a tranche of Products that are neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or will be 
of (or in respect of which a separate prospectus other than the base prospectus under the 
Programme will be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation)) ("Exempt Products"), the 
issue specific details will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions and/or the applicable 
Payout Conditions and/or the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions, replace or modify such 
conditions for the purposes of such Exempt Products, and references to Issue Terms should be 
construed accordingly. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions or the 
Issue Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to 'Products' are to the Products of one Series only, not 
to all Products that may be issued pursuant to the European issuance and offering programme 
established by the Issuer (the "Programme"). 
The Products are issued as a Series of notes ("Notes") or certificates ("Certificates") by the 
Issuer and references to 'Products' shall be construed as a reference to each Series accordingly. 
Certain Products which are in the form of Certificates may be entitled "Warrants" pursuant to 
the Payout Conditions. 
SIX SIS Securities (as defined below) are issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement dated 
4 October 2013 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at 
the relevant Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). 
The payment and delivery obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Products are guaranteed by 
EFG International AG (the "Guarantor"). In the case of Products that stipulate a potential 
settlement by delivery of the Entitlement, if the Issuer fails to satisfy its delivery obligations 
under such Products the Guarantor will satisfy its obligations in respect of such Products by 
electing, in its reasonable discretion, to either deliver the relevant Underlying(s) or by paying 
the Settlement Disruption Amount. 
The Calculation Agent (the "Calculation Agent") shall be as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of SIX SIS Securities, Leonteq 
Securities AG, acting through its head office, will act as the paying agent (the "Paying Agent"), 
subject as provided in General Condition 12.1 (Appointment of Agents). 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series (save in respect of specific terms outlined in the Issue Terms, such as the Issue Date, 
Issue Price, first payment of interest, if applicable, and Issue Size of the Tranche) and will be 
set out in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
General Conditions 
48 
 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, capitalised terms used in these Conditions which are 
defined in General Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation) have the meanings given in 
General Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation). 
2. 
Form, Title and Transfer  
2.1 
Form of Products 
(a) 
Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Products other than SIX SIS Securities will be issued in bearer form 
("Euroclear/Clearstream Securities"). 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will initially be issued in global form (the "Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities"), and may only be exchanged for securities in 
definitive form (the "Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities") upon an Exchange 
Event occurring, and in each case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security. For the avoidance of doubt, no Investor will be entitled 
to request its Euroclear/Clearstream Securities to be exchanged for securities in 
definitive form for any reason other than on the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Products are issued in bearer dematerialized book-entry form and no 
physical document of title will be issued to represent the Product, such as definitive 
securities. 
The Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security may be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Series or Tranche to a Common Depositary for the Relevant Clearing 
System. The Relevant Clearing System will then credit each subscriber with an aggregate 
nominal amount or aggregate number, as applicable, of the Global Euroclear/Clearstream 
Security equal to the nominal amount or number thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid. 
Upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event on or after its Exchange Date each Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, free of 
charge, for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities.  
An 
exchange 
of 
Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities 
for 
Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a 
certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
On or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Euroclear/Clearstream 
Security may surrender it or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement 
to or to the order of the Paying Agent and in exchange the Issuer will deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount or aggregate number, as applicable, 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities. 
(b) 
Form of SIX SIS Securities 
"SIX SIS Securities" are Products specified as such in the Issue Terms and which are 
issued in uncertificated form in accordance with article 973c of the CO or in the form of 
a permanent global certificate in accordance with article 973b of the CO.  
The Investors of SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated form shall at no time have 
the right to demand the conversion of uncertificated securities into, or the delivery of, a 
permanent global certificate or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying Agent shall 
have the right to effect the conversion of the uncertificated securities into a permanent 
global certificate in accordance with article 973b of the CO or physical securities 
(Wertpapiere) and vice versa. Neither the Issuer nor the Investors of SIX SIS Securities 
issued in the form of a permanent global certificate shall at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of the permanent global certificate into, or the delivery 
of, uncertificated securities or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying Agent shall

--- Page 50 ---
General Conditions 
49 
 
have the right to effect the conversion of the permanent global certificate into physical 
securities if it determines this to be necessary or useful. Physical securities may be 
printed in whole but not in part. 
By (i) registering uncertificated securities in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX 
SIS Ltd, Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central depository ("SIS") or by 
depositing a permanent global certificate with SIS and (ii) crediting the respective SIX 
SIS Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of an account holder with SIS, 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") pursuant to the 
Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) of 3 October 2008 
("FISA") are created. 
Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by way of crediting the respective SIX 
SIS Securities to, and debiting the respective SIX SIS Securities from, a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) held with a custodian pursuant to the rules of the FISA. 
2.2 
Denomination and Number 
(a) 
Notes 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Notes will specify the Specified 
Denomination in which such Products are issued, the Issue Size, the Issue Price, the 
Settlement Currency and the Calculation Amount.  
(b) 
Certificates 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Certificates will specify either the 
Settlement Currency of such Products, the Issue Price per Product, the Calculation 
Amount and either (a) the number of Products being issued (in which case the 
Certificates are "Unit Certificates") or (b) the Notional Amount per Product and the 
Issue Size (in which case the Certificates are "Notional Certificates"). All Certificates 
of a Series shall have the same Calculation Amount. 
2.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Title to Euroclear/Clearstream Securities passes by delivery. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent shall (except as otherwise required by law or ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction) deem and treat the Investor (as defined below) of 
any Euroclear/Clearstream Security as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or 
not such Product is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security 
representing it) or its theft or loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Investor. 
In these General Conditions, except in respect of SIX SIS Securities, "Investor" means 
the bearer of any Euroclear/Clearstream Security, except that, in respect of any Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, the person appearing as the accountholder for the 
Relevant Clearing System (the "Accountholder") shall be treated as the Investor for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment or delivery of any amount due under the 
Products (for which purpose the Common Depositary shall be treated by the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent as the relevant Investor).  
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Products may be held only through an authorised intermediary entitled to 
hold securities deposit accounts with the Monte Titoli on behalf of their customers. 
(b) 
Title to SIX SIS Securities

--- Page 51 ---
General Conditions 
50 
 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities, the holder 
and legal owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person holding them in a securities 
account in their own name and for their own account with their depositary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the FISA (and in respect of SIX SIS 
Securities, the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be construed accordingly). The 
records of such depositary determine the number of SIX SIS Securities held by such 
Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask the depositary for information 
about Intermediated Securities that are credited to their account.  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of uncertificated securities, 
but do not constitute Intermediated Securities, the first holder and legal owner of such 
SIX SIS Securities will be the person registered as holder in the register of uncertificated 
securities and "Investor" shall be construed accordingly. In respect of SIX SIS Securities 
in the form of uncertificated securities converted to certificated securities by the Issuer 
issuing physical securities which are not Intermediated Securities, the holder and legal 
owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person(s) holding the physical securities 
(and the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be construed accordingly). 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of a permanent global 
certificate, but do not constitute Intermediated Securities, each Investor shall have a 
proportionate co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global 
certificate to the extent of such Investor's claim against the Issuer, provided that for so 
long as the permanent global certificate remains deposited with SIS the co-ownership 
interest shall be suspended and the respective SIX SIS Securities may solely be 
transferred and otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA. 
2.4 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfers of Cleared Products  
(i) 
Cleared Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Subject to General Condition 2.4(c) (Minimum Tradable Lot) below, transfers of 
Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only 
through the Relevant Clearing System in which the Products to be transferred are 
held and only in accordance with the Relevant Rules.  
Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear, 
Clearstream or Registeror Monte Titoli, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Transfers of SIX SIS Securities 
SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities may solely be transferred 
and otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA, being 
transferred and disposed of by instruction of the Investor to their depositary to 
transfer the Intermediated Securities, as the case may be, and crediting the 
Intermediated Securities, as the case may be, to the account of the transferee's 
depositary. 
(b) 
Transfers of non-Cleared Products 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities which are not Cleared Products will be transferred by 
delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot 
Transactions in the Products may, if specified in the Issue Terms, be subject to a 
Minimum Tradable Lot, in which case such Products will be transferable only in a 
nominal amount, in the case of Notes and Notional Certificates, or in a number, in the 
case of Unit Certificates, of not less than such Minimum Tradable Lot and, in the case 
of Cleared Products, in accordance with the Relevant Rules.

--- Page 52 ---
General Conditions 
51 
 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
3.1 
Status of the Products 
The Products constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Products will rank 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(except for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application). The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The Products 
are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. 
3.2 
Guarantee 
The payment obligations and (subject to the paragraph immediately below) delivery obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Products are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee dated 28 September 2020 (as amended, supplemented, 
restated and/or replaced as at the relevant Issue Date, the "Guarantee"). The Guarantee is 
subject to Swiss law and constitutes a guarantee in the sense of Art. 111 of the CO.  
If the Issuer fails to deliver the Entitlement, the Guarantor may elect, in its reasonable 
discretion, to deliver the Entitlement or pay the Settlement Disruption Amount. 
4. 
Calculations and Publication 
4.1 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, (a) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Sub-Unit of such currency (with half a Sub-Unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded to the nearest Japanese yen (with half a Unit being 
rounded up); (b) all values resulting from such calculations shall be rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up to 0.0001); (c) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes, 
"Sub-Unit" means a fraction of the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. "Unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Other Rounding 
Convention" is applicable to any relevant amount, percentage or value as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, such amount, percentage or value shall be rounded to the nearest such 
Specified Sub-Unit of currency (with halves being rounded up or down) or Decimal Place, as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
4.2 
Determination and publication of interest rates, Interest Amounts and amounts in respect 
of settlement 
As soon as practicable on such date as the Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation in respect of or in connection with any Product, such Agent shall determine such 
rate, obtain any required quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the relevant payment amount to be notified to the Issuer, each of the Agents, any 
other agent in respect of the Products that is to make a payment, delivery or further calculation 
or determination upon receipt of such information and, if the Products are listed and the rules of 
the Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority and the rules thereof so require, to such 
exchange or relevant authority, as soon as possible after their determination.  
4.3 
Calculation Amount 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of a Product for which a Specified Denomination or a Calculation Amount is 
stated, each calculation of an Entitlement deliverable and residual cash amount in respect

--- Page 53 ---
General Conditions 
52 
 
of such Product hereunder shall be made on the basis of the relevant Calculation Amount; 
and  
(b) 
each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Product (other than 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) shall be based on the aggregate nominal 
amount or number of all such Products outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected 
portion thereof), rounded in accordance with the method provided in General Condition 
4.1 (Rounding) above and distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any amount payable or Entitlement deliverable under 
the Conditions in respect of a Product and which is calculated by reference to a Calculation 
Amount, references to (A) 'Product', in the case of Products that are Notes or Notional 
Certificates, shall mean a Product having a nominal amount (or face value) equal to the 
Calculation Amount and (B) an amount 'per Calculation Amount', in the case of Unit 
Certificates, shall mean per Product.  
4.4 
Business Day Convention 
If any date specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, 
the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day and where in each case the Issue Terms specifies Business Day Convention as: 
(a) 
'Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
'Modified Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
(c) 
'Nearest', such date shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day if the Relevant Date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day if the Relevant Date 
otherwise falls on a Sunday or a Monday;  
(d) 
'Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day;  
(e) 
'Modified Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would fall in the previous calendar month, in which case such 
date shall be postponed to the immediately following Business Day; or 
(f) 
'No Adjustment' such date shall not be adjusted. 
5. 
Payments and Deliveries 
5.1 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
In respect of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, payments of principal will be made 
against and subject to the presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment, 
endorsement) of the relevant Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent outside the United States, by a cheque drawn in the currency in which 
payment is due, or by transfer to an account with a Custody Bank denominated in such currency, 
as applicable. Payments of interest will be made as set out above but against and subject to the 
presentation and surrender of the relevant interest coupon (the "Coupon"). Deliveries of any 
Entitlement shall be made in the manner notified to Investors. Payments of interest shall only 
be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Product (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 54 ---
General Conditions 
53 
 
Where any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
5.2 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
(a) 
Payments and Deliveries 
No payment or delivery falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities unless exchange for an interest in a Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security or for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities is 
improperly withheld or refused.  
All payments and deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will 
be made against and subject to presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment 
or delivery falls to be made in respect of the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, 
surrender of that Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security to or to the order of the Paying 
Agent outside the United States.  
Payments of interest shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
(b) 
Relationship of Accountholders and Relevant Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the Investor 
must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for their share of each payment or 
delivery made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security. 
The obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment or delivery to the bearer of 
such Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security in respect of each amount so paid or 
delivered.  
5.3 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities  
Payments of principal, interest as well as deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities held through 
SIS shall be made, subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the Relevant 
Clearing System(s), to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the 
account(s) of the relevant Accountholder(s) in accordance with the Relevant Rules. The Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, if applicable) and the Paying Agent shall be discharged by payment or 
delivery to, or to the order of, such Accountholders.  
5.4 
Record Date for Payments of interest 
Payments of interest in respect of Products shall be made to the Investors who are deemed to be 
the holders thereof on the Interest Record Date in respect of such payment of interest, 
PROVIDED THAT (a) such payment shall at all times be made in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules (and if there is any difference between this General Condition 5.4 and the application of 
the Relevant Rules, the Relevant Rules shall apply) and (b) this General Condition 5.4 shall not 
apply to any payment of interest if the Products are due to be redeemed on or around the 
scheduled payment date for such interest. For the purposes of this General Condition 5.4, 
"Interest Record Date" in respect of any payment of interest shall be either (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) (a) the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms prior to the scheduled 
payment date corresponding to the relevant interest amount or (b) the date as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
5.5 
Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement 
Payment of principal and/or interest and delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to 
deduction, or conditional upon payment by the relevant Investor(s), of any applicable Taxes and 
(unless the 'Settlement Expenses' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms) Settlement 
Expenses and any other amounts payable as specified in the Conditions. The Issuer shall notify 
the Investor(s) of (a) such applicable Taxes, Settlement Expenses and other amounts payable 
and (b) the manner in which such amounts shall be paid by the Investor(s).

--- Page 55 ---
General Conditions 
54 
 
5.6 
Payments on Business Days  
If the date on which any amount is payable is not (i) a Business Day and (ii) in the case of 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
place of presentation, then payment will not be made until the next succeeding day which is (A) 
a Business Day and (B) in the case of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, also a 
day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and the Investor thereof shall 
not be entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay. 
6. 
Redemption and Settlement 
6.1 
Redemption 
(a) 
Partial Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product in respect of 
which 'Partial Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms (each such 
Product, a "Partial Redemption Product") shall be partially redeemed on each Partial 
Redemption Date upon payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of an amount equal to the 
Partial Redemption Amount corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date. The 
Calculation Amount of each such Product shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption 
Amount(s) for all purposes with effect from the relevant Partial Redemption Date, unless 
payment of the relevant Partial Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the date determined in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Prescription). In the case of Notes, the Issue Size 
of the relevant Series shall reduce accordingly and in the case of Certificates (if 
applicable) the Notional Amount per Product shall reduce accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product shall be 
redeemed in full by the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, or, if 
applicable, by delivery of the Entitlement on the Delivery Date (in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2) and the payment of any Residual Cash Amount. 
Each Unit Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the day prior to final 
redemption on the Redemption Date. 
6.2 
Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement 
(a) 
Delivery of Entitlement 
The following provisions apply to the delivery of all Entitlements in respect of Products: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, subject to this General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement), 
General Condition 4 (Calculations and Publication) and General Condition 5 
(Payments and Deliveries), on any relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or procure 
delivery on its behalf) the relevant Entitlement in respect of each Product to such 
account in respect of Cleared Products in the Relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with the Relevant Rules and, in respect of all other Products, such 
account as may be notified by the relevant Investor to the Issuer in the relevant 
Delivery Entitlement Instruction at the risk and expense of the relevant Investor. 
If an Investor does not provide the Issuer with sufficient instructions in a timely 
manner to enable the Issuer (directly or acting through such person (including any 
of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure) and/or the Relevant 
Clearing System, if applicable, to effect any required delivery of the Entitlement, 
the due date for such delivery shall be postponed accordingly. The Issuer and the 
Relevant Clearing System, if applicable, shall determine whether any instructions

--- Page 56 ---
General Conditions 
55 
 
received by it are sufficient and whether they have been received in time to enable 
delivery on any given date. As used in this General Condition 6.2, "delivery" 
means, in relation to any Entitlement, the carrying out of the steps required of the 
Issuer (or such person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it 
may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf) in order to effect the 
transfer of the relevant Entitlement and "deliver", "delivered" and "deliverable" 
shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer (or such person (including any of its 
Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on 
its behalf) shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in the delivery of any 
Entitlement once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting from 
settlement periods of clearing systems, acts or omissions of registrars or otherwise 
and neither the Issuer (or such person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying 
Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf) nor the 
Guarantor shall have any responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition or 
transfer of the Entitlement or any interest therein by any Investor or any other 
person. 
(ii) 
No Investor will be entitled to receive dividends declared or paid in respect of any 
Underlying or to any other rights relating to or arising out of any such component 
of the Entitlement if the record date for the relevant dividend or relevant right in 
respect of such components and Entitlement falls before the relevant Delivery 
Date. 
(iii) 
Delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to the condition to settlement in 
General Condition 5.5 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement) 
(iv) 
The Issuer will endeavour to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the 
relevant Entitlement to the Investor on the relevant Delivery Date. In the event 
that an Investor requests that delivery of the Entitlement be made at a location or 
in a method that is different from that specified in the Conditions, the Issuer may 
(but is not obliged to) seek to deliver the Entitlement to such location and/or by 
such method, provided that no additional unreimbursed costs are incurred. The 
Issuer shall, subject as provided below, on the relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or 
procure delivery on its behalf) the Transfer Documentation relating to the 
Entitlement (or, in the case of an Underlying that is an equity unit, the Transfer 
Documentation in respect of such equity unit) to or to the order of the Investor or 
to such bank or broker as the Investor has specified in the relevant Delivery 
Entitlement Instruction. 
(v) 
All Entitlements will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Investor. 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of an Entitlement or any portion 
thereof is (or is likely to become) impossible or impracticable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on the relevant Delivery Date (the 
assets constituting such Entitlement or portions thereof (the "Affected Assets")), then 
such Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Relevant Settlement Day in 
respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall attempt to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) any portion 
of the Entitlement which does not comprise Affected Assets on the originally 
designated Delivery Date; 
(ii) 
the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product by 
delivering (or procuring delivery on its behalf) some or all of the Affected Assets 
in such manner as it may determine and in such event the relevant Delivery Date 
shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of 
the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner; and

--- Page 57 ---
General Conditions 
56 
 
(iii) 
in respect of any Affected Assets, in lieu of settlement by delivery of the 
Entitlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product by payment by the 
Issuer (or any person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it 
may procure to make the relevant payment on its behalf) to the relevant Investor 
of the Settlement Disruption Amount on the Settlement Disruption Date. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Investors that a 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and payment of the Settlement Disruption 
Amount will be made, subject to this General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement), 
General Condition 4 (Calculations and Publication) and General Condition 5 (Payments 
and Deliveries), in such manner as shall be notified. No Investor shall be entitled to any 
additional amount in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement or payment 
of the Settlement Disruption Amount due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event. No liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, any person (including any 
of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on 
its behalf, and/or the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Liability 
Redemption of the Products, payments by the Issuer (or such person (including any of 
its Affiliates) as it may procure to make the relevant payments on its behalf) and the 
Paying Agent and any delivery of an Entitlement, in whole or in part, by or on behalf of 
the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and 
other laws, regulations and practices in force at such time (including, without limitation, 
any relevant exchange control laws or regulations and the Relevant Rules) and none of 
the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Relevant Clearing System, the Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect any payments or 
deliveries contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, 
regulations and practices. None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Paying Agent or 
the Guarantor shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the 
Relevant Clearing System in the performance of their respective duties in relation to the 
Products or, in relation to the delivery of the Entitlement, the acts or defaults of any 
relevant Exchange (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
6.3 
Postponement of payments and settlement  
If the determination of a price or level used to calculate any amount payable or Entitlement 
deliverable on any Payment Date or Delivery Date is delayed or postponed pursuant to the 
Conditions, payment or settlement will occur on the later of (a) the scheduled Payment Date or 
Delivery Date as applicable, or (b) the Specified Number of Business Days following the latest 
Underlying Valuation Date (or such other date on which the determination of a price or level 
used to calculate the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable on the relevant Payment Date 
or Delivery Date is required) to occur, as the case may be. No additional amounts shall be 
payable or Entitlement deliverable by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if applicable) because of 
such postponement. 
7. 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event 
7.1 
FX Disruption Event 
If the Issue Terms specifies 'FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', upon the occurrence of an 
FX Disruption Event, the Issuer may take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
deduct from any payments to be made in respect of the Products an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as representing a cost, expense, charge and/or deduction arising 
in connection with such FX Disruption Event or under any other adjustment with respect 
thereto; and/or

--- Page 58 ---
General Conditions 
57 
 
(b) 
make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions in the 
Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(c) 
postpone or adjust any Underlying Valuation Date or the relevant Payment Date for any 
amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions until, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, an FX Disruption Event is no longer subsisting; and/or 
(d) 
(in the case of a Price Source Disruption) specify and adopt: 
(i) 
an appropriate alternative fallback or alternative price or rate source or method of 
determination selected by the Calculation Agent (which may (or may not) be by 
reference to a Dealer Poll or such other publication page or service as may replace 
the relevant page or service for the purpose of displaying a foreign exchange rate 
comparable or equivalent); or 
(ii) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may be; and/or 
(e) 
determine whether any other appropriate adjustment can be made to the Conditions 
and/or any other provisions relating to the Products to account for the economic effect 
of such FX Disruption Event on the Products which would produce a commercially 
reasonable result and preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a 
holding of the relevant Product. If the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate 
adjustment or adjustments can be made, the Issuer shall determine the effective date of 
such adjustment(s), notify the Investors of such adjustment(s) and take the necessary 
steps to effect such adjustment(s). An Investor will not be charged any costs by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to make such adjustment(s), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that no action that could be made 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) above would produce a commercially reasonable result and 
preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a holding of the relevant Product, 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such determination. In such event, the Issuer may, 
on giving irrevocable notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all of the Products of the relevant Series on the Unscheduled Early Redemption Date 
and pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on such date (provided that the Issuer may also, prior 
to such redemption of the Products, make any adjustment(s) to the Conditions or any other 
provisions relating to the Products as appropriate in order to (when considered together with the 
redemption of the Products) account for the effect of such FX Disruption Event on the Products). 
Upon the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Investors, stating the occurrence of the FX Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
7.2 
CNY FX Disruption Event 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 'CNY FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', then the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than five days' and not more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices) to Investors prior to the relevant affected 
Payment Date, make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions 
in the Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent, on the relevant affected 
Payment Date in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such amounts.  
8. 
Indicative Amounts 
If the Final Terms provides that the Products are being offered by way of a Public Offer, the 
Final Terms may specify an indicative amount, subject to a minimum amount and/or a maximum 
amount, or any combination of the foregoing, as applicable, in relation to any Specified Product 
Value which is not fixed or determined at the commencement of the Offer Period. If so specified 
in the Final Terms, references in these Conditions to such Specified Product Value shall be 
construed as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) determined based

--- Page 59 ---
General Conditions 
58 
 
on market conditions by the Issuer on or around the end of the Offer Period, and is expected to 
be the indicative amount specified in the Final Terms (if so specified) but may be different from 
such indicative amount, and:  
(a) 
if a minimum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will 
not be less than such minimum amount (but may be equal to such minimum amount); or 
(b) 
if a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will 
not be more than such maximum amount (but may be equal to such maximum amount); 
or 
(c) 
if both a minimum amount and a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the 
Specified Product Value will not be less than such minimum amount and will not be 
more than such maximum amount (but may be equal to either such minimum amount or 
such maximum amount). 
Notice of the relevant Specified Product Value will be published prior to the Issue Date when 
such Specified Product Value is fixed or determined by the Issuer on or around the end of the 
Offer Period and the relevant amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value specified in such 
notice will be deemed to be the Specified Product Value. 
For these purposes, "Specified Product Value" means any amount, level, percentage, price, 
rate or value which is specified in the Conditions as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or 
value (as applicable) to be provided in the Final Terms (or phrases of similar import). 
9. 
Effect of Adjustments 
All determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Investors, the Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor, except 
in the case of manifest error. 
10. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an "Event of Default") and unless 
the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or the Guarantor or waived by the 
Investors prior to receipt by the Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of a notice from 
Investors as referred to below, an Investor, may give notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent 
that such Product is, and in all cases such Product shall immediately become, due and payable 
at, in respect of each Calculation Amount for such Product, the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount:  
(a) 
the Issuer, and failing whom, the Guarantor, does not pay any amount in respect of the 
Products when such amount is due and payable and such failure continues for 30 calendar 
days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement on the due date for delivery and such failure to 
deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar days of notice of such failure having 
been given to the Issuer by any Investor, provided that an Event of Default shall not 
occur under this General Condition 10 if (i) any of the conditions to settlement to be 
satisfied by the Investor have not been so satisfied as at the due date for delivery or (ii) 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor) has elected to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount; or 
(c) 
the Issuer breaches any term and condition of the Products in a way that is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Investors, and that breach has not been remedied within 
30 calendar days of the Issuer having received notice thereof from Investors holding at 
least one-quarter in outstanding nominal amount or number, as the case may be, of the 
relevant Series demanding remedy; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction, merger or amalgamation).

--- Page 60 ---
General Conditions 
59 
 
For the purposes of calculating any Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount at any time 
following an Event of Default, the Calculation Agent will ignore the effect of such Event of 
Default upon the market value of the Products. 
11. 
Early termination following a Service Provider Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Service Provider Default Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16.1, in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16.1. 
12. 
Agents 
12.1 
Appointment of Agents 
Pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. 
The Agents do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Investor. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Agents and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that (subject to the final 
paragraph of this General Condition 12.1) the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times 
maintain:  
(a) 
a Paying Agent;  
(b) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these General Conditions so require; and 
(c) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Products may 
be listed. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes to the specified office of any 
Agent will be given to Investors. 
The Agency Agreement has only been entered into in respect of SIX SIS Securities. The Issuer 
shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream Securities until such time as it has duly appointed all 
applicable Agents. 
12.2 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified, all determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and 
calculations in the Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent. In respect of each such 
determination, consideration, decision, election and calculation, this General Condition 12.2 
shall apply. 
In making such determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and calculations, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the impact on the Issuer or Calculation Agent's hedging 
arrangements. In respect of all Products other than SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the 
Calculation Agent shall make such determinations and calculations in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such 
determinations and calculations shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agent and the Investors. In respect of all SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the 
Calculation Agent shall make such determinations and calculations in accordance with the 
standard of duly exercised discretion, and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such 
determinations and calculations shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agent and the Investors. 
12.3 
Calculations and determinations are all binding

--- Page 61 ---
General Conditions 
60 
 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products 
shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and Investors in the absence of manifest 
error. 
12.4 
Disclaimer of liability 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any 
calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it 
has acted in accordance with General Condition 12.2 (Determinations by the Calculation 
Agent).  
12.5 
Delegation 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to 
make determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person 
as the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion, may decide. 
12.6 
Disclaimer of responsibility of Issuer, Guarantor, Lead Manager, Agents and respective 
affiliates upon force majeure event 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates shall be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any legal enactment 
(domestic or foreign), the intervention of a public authority (domestic or foreign), an act of war, 
strike, blockade, boycott or lockout or if the performance of any obligations under the terms of 
the Products have become unlawful in whole or in part under any applicable law or any other 
similar event or circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and 
lockouts shall also apply if any of such parties itself takes such measures or becomes the subject 
of such measures. Where the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Paying Agent is 
prevented from effecting payment or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be 
postponed until the time the event or circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have 
no obligation to pay or deliver any additional amounts in respect of such postponement.  
13. 
Taxation 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay amounts in respect 
of, any Taxes borne by an Investor. An Investor must pay all Taxes arising from or payable in 
connection with all payments relating to the Products and all payments in respect of the Products 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future 
Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Issuer 
Jurisdiction (or any authority or political subdivision thereof or therein having power to tax) 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or in connection with FATCA.  
In that event, the appropriate withholding or deduction shall be made and the Issuer or Guarantor 
shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable 
by the relevant Investor shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable by 
such Investor in the absence of such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding the above, no 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Product: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who is liable for such Taxes in respect of 
such Products by reason of them having a connection with the Issuer Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of the relevant Product or Coupon; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who could lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the place where the relevant Product or Coupon is presented for payment; 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to the 
extent that the Investor would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
such Product for such payment on the last day of such 30-day period;

--- Page 62 ---
General Conditions 
61 
 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required by the rules of the US Internal Revenue 
Code 1986 (the "Code"), including without limitation, in respect of dividends, dividend 
equivalent payments (including without limitation under section 871(m) of the Code), 
and direct and indirect interests in US real property within the meaning of section 897(c) 
of the Code; 
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is made in connection with FATCA; 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(g) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of an Investor who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Product or Coupon to another 
paying agent without such deduction or withholding; or 
(h) 
in relation to Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, unless it is proved, to the 
satisfaction of the Paying Agent that the Investor is unable to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by satisfying any applicable certification, identification or reporting 
requirements or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemptions to the relevant tax authorities. 
14. 
Prescription  
Claims for payment of principal shall become void unless made within ten years and claims for 
interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability 
If the Issuer determines in good faith and in a reasonable manner that the performance of any of 
its absolute or contingent obligations under the Products has become, or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will become, unlawful or a physical impracticability, in whole or in part, as a 
result of (a) any change in financial, political or economic conditions or foreign exchange rates 
or (b) compliance in good faith by the Issuer or any relevant subsidiaries or Affiliates with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power or in interpretation thereof, the 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate the Products by giving notice to Investors. 
If the Issuer redeems the Products pursuant to this General Condition 15, then the Issuer will, if 
and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product 
held by it, an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Date. 
16. 
Notices 
16.1 
To Investors 
All notices to Investors will be deemed to have been duly given and valid (a) if published on the 
Notice Website or any successor webpage thereto and any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day of publication on the website; (b) if given in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Relevant Stock Exchange (if applicable) or other relevant authority and 
any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the first date of transmission or 
publication; and/or (c) if given to the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable) and any such 
notice will be deemed given on the first date following the day of transmission to the applicable 
Relevant Clearing System.  
Failure to give notice where required will not invalidate any determination, calculation or 
correction, as applicable. 
Investors of the Products shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to holders of Products. 
16.2 
To the Issuer and the Agents

--- Page 63 ---
General Conditions 
62 
 
In respect of any Series, all notices to the Issuer and/or the Agents must be sent to the address 
specified for such entity in this Base Prospectus or to such other person or place as shall be 
specified by the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent by notice given to Investors. Any notice 
determined not to be valid, effective, complete and in proper form shall be null and void unless 
the Issuer and the Relevant Clearing System agree otherwise. This provision shall not prejudice 
any right of the person delivering the notice to deliver a new or corrected notice. The Issuer or 
the Paying Agent shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to notify any Investor submitting 
a notice if it is determined that such notice is not valid, effective, complete or in the proper form. 
17. 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, with the consent of the Guarantor but without the consent 
of the Investors, to substitute any other entity, the identity of which shall be determined by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, to act as issuer in respect of Products then outstanding pursuant to the 
Programme (the "New Issuer"), provided that: 
(a) 
no Event of Default as set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall occur as 
a result thereof.  
(b) 
the New Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally assumes all obligations of the Issuer 
arising from or in connection with the Products; 
(c) 
the Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Investor resulting from the 
substitution of the Issuer by the New Issuer; 
(d) 
where the New Issuer is not the Guarantor, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees all obligations of the New Issuer arising from the Products to the 
benefit of the Investors; and 
(e) 
all actions, conditions and steps which have to be initiated, fulfilled and performed 
(including obtaining any necessary consent) to ensure that the Products represent lawful, 
effective and binding obligations of the New Issuer have been initiated, fulfilled and 
performed and are, without limitation, legally valid and effective; 
in each case subject to any additional requirements as may be applicable pursuant to the rules 
of any Relevant Stock Exchange. 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
construed as a reference to the New Issuer. In connection with such right of substitution, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of such right for 
individual Investors resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no 
Investor shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the New Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon such Investor. 
Any such substitution shall take effect upon giving notice to the Investors of each Series then 
outstanding and any Relevant Stock Exchange and the Paying Agent.

--- Page 64 ---
General Conditions 
63 
 
18. 
Modifications  
18.1 
Modifications without consent of Investors 
The Conditions of the Products of any Series may be amended by the Issuer in each case without 
the consent of the Investors if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, the amendment (a) is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature, (b) is made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, 
(c) is made to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the Issuer Jurisdiction, and/or in 
order to comply with the amendments to any applicable laws and regulations, (d) is made to 
cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or (e) will not 
materially and adversely affect the interests of the Investors. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Investors and any such modification shall take effect by notice to the Investors. 
18.2 
Further Issues  
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Investors, to create 
and issue further Products so as to form a single Series with the Products of any particular Series 
(such further Products, "Fungible Products"). 
19. 
Purchases and Cancellations  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Products 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
All Products so purchased may be held, surrendered for cancellation, or reissued or resold, and 
Products so reissued or resold shall for all purposes be deemed to form part of the original Series, 
all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
20. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
20.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
Governing law in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities 
The Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities), the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
Governing law in relation to SIX SIS Securities 
In the case of SIX SIS Securities, the Products, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Agency 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Swiss law. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Jurisdiction in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities) and/or 
Coupons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with them shall be brought in such courts. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction in relation to SIX SIS Securities 
The ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being Zurich, are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any SIX SIS 
Securities, Coupons, the Agency Agreement and/or the Guarantee and, accordingly, any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them shall be brought in 
such courts, with the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Court in Lausanne where the 
law permits. The aforementioned courts shall also have jurisdiction for the cancellation 
and replacement of lost, stolen, defaced, mutilated or destroyed SIX SIS Securities if

--- Page 65 ---
General Conditions 
64 
 
issued in form of a permanent global certificate. General Condition Error! Reference 
source not found. is not applicable to SIX SIS Securities. 
21. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
In respect of any Products which are governed by English law, no person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of the Products under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
22. 
Severability 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
23. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
23.1 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Accountholder" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3(a) (Title to 
Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 6.2(b) (Settlement 
Disruption Event). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity, directly or indirectly, under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes, 'control' means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Agency Agreement" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 
(Introduction). 
"Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any 'Additional Agents' specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Business Centre" means each centre specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Business Day" means a day which is each of: 
(a) 
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of Cleared Products, a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant 
Clearing System; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (if other than any Business 
Centre); and 
(d) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day. 
"Business Day Convention" means any of the conventions specified in General Condition 4.4 
(Business Day Convention). 
"Calculation Agent" means Leonteq Securities AG, acting in such capacity, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
General Conditions 
65 
 
"Calculation Amount" means, in respect of a Series, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Calculation Amount in respect of each Product of such Series shall be reduced by the Partial 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) 
in accordance with General Condition 6.1(a) (Partial Redemption).  
"Certificates" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and 
such Products will be specified to be 'Certificates' in the Issue Terms).  
"Cleared Products" means any Products that are SIX SIS Securities or Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities cleared through a Relevant Clearing System (and each a 
"Cleared Product"). 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Relevant Clearing System, any day on 
which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking S.A., or any successor thereto. 
"Clearstream Rules" means the Management Regulations of Clearstream and the Instructions 
to Participants of Clearstream, as may be from time to time amended, supplemented or modified. 
"CNY" means Chinese Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(including any lawful successor to the CNY). 
"CNY FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(a) 
"CNY Inconvertibility Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical for the 
Issuer to convert any amounts in CNY due in respect of the Products in the general CNY 
foreign exchange market in the CNY Financial Centre, other than where such 
impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or 
impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); 
(b) 
"CNY Non-Transferability Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical 
for the Issuer to deliver CNY (i) between accounts inside the CNY Financial Centre or 
(ii) from an account inside the CNY Financial Centre to an account outside the CNY 
Financial Centre, other than where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to 
the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade 
Date and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
(c) 
"CNY Illiquidity Event": The general CNY foreign exchange market in the CNY 
Financial Centre becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
CNY in order to satisfy its payment obligations (in whole or in part) under the Products, 
where: 
• 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, that 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) would incur a materially increased amount of 
taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date and determined by the Calculation Agent) to perform the relevant action described 
in this definition; and 
• 
"impossible", in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, shall include (but shall not be 
limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation.

--- Page 67 ---
General Conditions 
66 
 
"CNY Financial Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of the People's Republic of China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region and any other CNY Financial Centre. 
"Code" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 13 (Taxation). 
"Common Depositary" means, in relation to a particular Series, whether listed on any Relevant 
Stock Exchange or elsewhere, the common depositary (who shall be outside the United 
Kingdom and the United States (and the possessions of the United States)) appointed with 
respect to such Series. 
"Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these 
General Conditions.  
"Cooperation Agreement" means the agreement entered into by the Issuer with Leonteq 
Securities AG and its Guernsey Branch relating to the issuance, maintenance and redemption of 
Products issued by the Issuer and pursuant to which the Service Provider provides, amongst 
others, hedging services, accounting and risk management as well as documentation, listing, 
settlement and other processes relating to the issuance and redemption of Products.  
"Coupons" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 5.1. 
"Custody Bank" means, in relation to a payment denominated in a particular currency, a bank 
in the principal financial centre for such currency or, where the relevant payment is denominated 
in euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
"Dealer Poll" means, in respect of any time on any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate for the relevant currency 
exchange rate, at the applicable time on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two 
quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer 
than two quotations are provided for any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean 
of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected by the Calculation 
Agent, at or around the applicable time on such relevant day. 
"Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Delivery Entitlement Instruction" means, with respect to Products which are to be settled by 
delivery of an Entitlement, a notice delivered by the relevant Investor in respect of such 
Entitlement in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" each means the lawful single currency of the Member States of the 
European Union that have adopted or adopt and continue to retain a common single currency 
through monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time 
to time).  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any successor thereto. 
"Euroclear Rules" means the terms and conditions governing the use of Euroclear and the 
operating procedures of Euroclear, as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to 
time.

--- Page 68 ---
General Conditions 
67 
 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 
2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Event of Default" means each of the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of 
Default). 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security, a calendar day 
falling not less than 60 calendar days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Paying 
Agent is located and (if applicable) in the city in which the Relevant Clearing System is located.  
"Exchange Event" means (a) the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so or (b) the Issuer has 
failed to make any payment of principal or delivered any Entitlement when due under the 
Conditions. 
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations 
or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the 
Code, or any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Code or any other non-U.S. tax information reporting regimes. 
"Final Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"FISA" means the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
"Currency Replacement Event": The Settlement Currency ceases to exist and is 
replaced by a new currency in the relevant jurisdiction; 
(b) 
"Dual Exchange Rate": A relevant exchange rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates;  
(c) 
"Governmental Authority Event": a Governmental Authority of a relevant jurisdiction 
has given public notice of its intention to impose any controls which are likely to 
materially affect the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent's ability to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations with respect to the Products or to unwind any such hedge; 
(d) 
"Illiquidity": It is or becomes or is likely to become impossible or impracticable for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to obtain any Settlement Currency or obtain or use a 
relevant exchange rate in an appropriate amount;  
(e) 
"Inconvertibility": The occurrence of any event that makes it or is likely to make it 
impossible and/or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to convert the 
Settlement Currency into another currency (or vice versa) through customary legal 
channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of 
hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of 
one currency into another currency); 
(f) 
"Non-Transferability": The occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant 
jurisdiction that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or impracticable for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to deliver any Settlement Currency into a relevant 
account; and/or 
(g) 
"Price Source Disruption": a Price Source Disruption. 
"General Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph 
of the General Conditions.

--- Page 69 ---
General Conditions 
68 
 
"Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities))).  
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of a relevant jurisdiction. 
"Guarantor" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction). 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock 
loan transactions, or (c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer, 
Guarantor and/or Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates in order to hedge individually, or 
on a portfolio basis, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Products.  
"Intermediated Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(b) 
(Form of SIX SIS Securities). 
"Investor" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3 (Title). 
"Issue Date" means the issue date as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Size" means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount (or, in the case of Notional 
Certificates, the aggregate Notional Amount) of the Products of the relevant Tranche (or, if 
applicable, Series) being issued as specified in the Issue Terms and on any date thereafter such 
amount as reduced by any partial redemption on or prior to such date.  
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"Issuer" means EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. 
"Issuer Jurisdiction" means, at any time, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or any 
New Issuer substituted therefor in accordance with General Condition 17 (Substitution). 
"Lead Manager" means Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich or such other entity specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Tradable Lot" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 17 (Substitution).  
"Notes" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and such 
Products will be specified to be 'Notes' in the Issue Terms).  
"Notice Website" means the website specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Notional Amount" means, in respect of Notional Certificates, the amount specified as such in 
the Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Notional Amount in respect of each such Notional Certificate shall be reduced by the Partial 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) 
in accordance with General Condition. 
"Offer Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Partial Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Partial Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
General Conditions 
69 
 
"Partial Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms).  
"Partial Redemption Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Partial Redemption' 
is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Paying Agent" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction). 
"Payment Date" means a day on which a payment is due in respect of the Products. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or impracticable to obtain any 
relevant currency exchange rate on or in respect of any date on which such currency exchange 
rate is required under the Conditions (or, if different, the day on which rates for such date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant pricing source(s)). 
"Pricing Supplement" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph 
of the General Conditions. 
"Product" or "Products" means any Note or Certificate which may from time to time be issued 
pursuant to the Programme in accordance with the terms of this Base Prospectus. Unless the 
context otherwise requires, any reference to 'Product' shall be deemed to refer to a Note having 
a nominal amount equal to the relevant Specified Denomination, a Notional Certificate having 
a nominal amount equal to the relevant Notional Amount or to a single Unit Certificate. 
"Programme" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these 
General Conditions. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of a currency exchange rate, four leading dealers in the 
relevant foreign exchange market, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions (if applicable). 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Clearstream, SIS and/or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, and any other 'Relevant Clearing System' specified in the Issue Terms, through 
which interests in Products are to be held and/or through an account at which such Products are 
to be cleared. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Product or Coupon, the date on which payment or 
delivery in respect of it first becomes due (or would have first become due if all conditions to 
settlement had been satisfied) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date five calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Investors that, upon 
further presentation of the Product or Coupon being made in accordance with these General 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Rules" means the Clearstream Rules, the Euroclear Rules, the SIS Rules and/or the 
terms and conditions and any procedures governing the use of such other Relevant Clearing 
System, as updated from time to time, relating to a particular issue of Products, as applicable. 
"Relevant Settlement Day" means a Clearing System Business Day and a Scheduled Trading 
Day (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means, in respect of any Series, the stock exchange upon which 
such Products are listed (if any), as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Series" means the Products of each original issue together with any relevant Fungible Products.

--- Page 71 ---
General Conditions 
70 
 
"Service Provider" means Leonteq Securities AG or its Guernsey Branch or any other entity 
appointed as service provider to the Issuer pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. 
"Service Provider Default Event" means (and a Service Provider Default Event shall be 
deemed to occur if) either (a) a notice of termination or actual termination by the Service 
Provider or any of its affiliates has been delivered to the Issuer and/or (b) the Service Provider 
or any of its affiliates has defaulted in the performance or observance of any of its material 
obligations under the Cooperation Agreement. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Settlement Disruption Amount" means, in respect of each Product, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the pro rata proportion of the market value of such Product on or 
about the Settlement Disruption Date (which shall take into account where some but not all of 
the Underlyings comprising the Entitlement have been duly delivered pursuant to General 
Condition 6.2 (Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement) and the value of such Underlyings). 
Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Products, 
provided that, if the Issue Terms specifies 'Unwind Costs' to be 'Not Applicable', the Calculation 
Agent shall not take into account deductions for any costs, charges, fees, accruals, losses, 
withholdings and expenses, which are incurred by the Issuer or its Affiliates relating to the 
unwinding of any Hedge Positions and/or related funding arrangements, when determining such 
market value. 
"Settlement Disruption Date" means the fifth Relevant Settlement Day following the date of 
the notice of the relevant election to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or such other date 
as may be specified in the relevant notice. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, that an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred as a result of which the Issuer cannot make 
or procure delivery of the relevant Underlying(s). 
"Settlement Expenses" means, in respect of any Product or Products, if the Issue Terms 
specifies 'Settlement Expenses' to be 'Applicable', any costs, fees and expenses or other amounts 
(other than in relation to Taxes) payable by an Investor per Calculation Amount on or in respect 
of or in connection with the redemption or settlement of such Product or Products by way of 
delivery of any Entitlement. 
"SIS" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(b) (Form of SIX SIS 
Securities). 
"SIS Rules" means the rules and regulations, manuals and operating procedures as well as any 
agreements between the Issuer and SIS governing the use of SIS, as may be amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time. 
"SIX SIS Securities" means Products in respect of which the Issue Terms specifies the 
'Governing law' to be Swiss law.

--- Page 72 ---
General Conditions 
71 
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Denomination" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Number of Business Days" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, 
three Business Days.  
"Specified Product Value" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 8 
(Indicative Amounts). 
"Specified Sub-Unit" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007 ('TARGET2') (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such 
other system (if any) determined by the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
"Taxes" or "Tax" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of 
taxation or any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited 
to) any applicable stock exchange tax, turnover tax, financial transaction tax, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, charge on income, profits or capital gains and/or other taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature chargeable or payable and includes 
any interest and penalties in respect thereof. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction).  
"Transfer Documentation" means, for each Series, such documentation as is generally 
acceptable for settlement of the transfer of the relevant Underlying(s) on any Related Exchange 
or through the Relevant Clearing System. 
"Underlying" means each Share, Participation Certificate, Depositary Receipt, Index, 
Commodity, Currency Exchange Rate, Futures Contract, Fixed Rate Instrument, Derivative 
Instrument, ETF Share, Fund Unit and Reference Rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Specific Conditions" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Products linked to one or more shares ("Share Linked Products"), the Share Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
Products linked to one or more participation certificates (Genussscheine) 
("Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products"), the Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
Products linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Products"), the Index Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
Products linked to one or more Depositary Receipts ("Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products"), the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus); 
(e) 
Products linked to one or more commodities ("Commodity Linked Products"), the 
Commodity Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(f) 
Products linked to one or more currency exchange rates ("Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products"), the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this 
Base Prospectus); 
(g) 
Products linked to one or more futures contracts ("Futures Contract Linked 
Products"), the Futures Contract Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus);

--- Page 73 ---
General Conditions 
72 
 
(h) 
Products linked to one or more fixed rate instruments or derivative instruments ("Fixed 
Rate Instrument Linked Products" or "Derivative Instrument Linked Products"), 
the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions (as set out in 
this Base Prospectus); 
(i) 
Products linked to one or more exchange traded funds ("ETF Linked Products"), the 
ETF Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
Products linked to Funds ("Fund Linked Products"), the Fund Linked Conditions (as 
set out in this Base Prospectus); or 
(k) 
Products linked to a reference rate ("Reference Rate Linked Products"), the Reference 
Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus).  
"Unit" for the purposes of General Condition 4.1 (Rounding), has the meaning given to such 
term in General Condition 4.1 (Rounding). 
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" means, on any day and in relation to the relevant 
event leading to early redemption of the Products, an amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency equal to the market value of such Product 
(in respect of such Calculation Amount) following the event triggering the early redemption 
(including the value of accrued interest (if applicable)) (the "Market Value"). Such amount 
shall be determined as soon as reasonably practicable following the event giving rise to the early 
redemption of the Products and by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products.  
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Date" means the date as specified in the notice given to 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 7 (FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX 
Disruption Event) or General Condition 15 (Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or 
Impracticability). 
"USD", "US$", "$" and "US Dollars" each means United States dollars. 
23.2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions or the Issue Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Products of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Words importing the plural shall include the singular and vice versa, unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
(c) 
A reference to a 'person' in the Conditions includes any person, firm, company, 
corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust or partnership 
(whether or not having separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing.

--- Page 74 ---
General Conditions 
73 
 
(d) 
A reference in the Conditions to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as 
amended or re-enacted. 
References in the Conditions to a company or entity shall be deemed to include a reference to 
any successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 75 ---
Payout Conditions 
74 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
 
These payout conditions (the "Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Products provided that each 
paragraph shall only apply where specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
1. 
Yield Enhancement Products 
This paragraph 1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms. 
1.1 
Yield Enhancement Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable):  
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in 
the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'.

--- Page 76 ---
Payout Conditions 
75 
 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated 
Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for such Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates', 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or 
any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall

--- Page 77 ---
Payout Conditions 
76 
 
Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which 
the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed 
on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such 
Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products.  
(c) 
Redemption Amount  
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier  
This paragraph 1.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on 
the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 78 ---
Payout Conditions 
77 
 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 
'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall 
be the amount determined in accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(i)(A) 
or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier with Return' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP ×Final Return))]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier with Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Optimal Tracker 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier with Optimal Tracker' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
Payout Conditions 
78 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Highest Recorded Performance 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(v) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier with Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and  
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation amount × (IP − Final Performance)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (DPP − Final Performance)]; or 
(3) 
if 'Protection Percentage' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; (IP − Final Performance)]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount.  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance.

--- Page 80 ---
Payout Conditions 
79 
 
(vi) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; IP −Final Performance
IP −Strike Percentage ) ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount.  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(vii) 
European Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European 
Barrier Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (0; 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒−𝑃𝑃); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × 𝐹𝑅𝑃 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(vii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
1.2 
Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.

--- Page 81 ---
Payout Conditions 
80 
 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to respectively paragraph (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below, as applicable PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in 
the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated 
Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Daily

--- Page 82 ---
Payout Conditions 
81 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall 
Observation Date or any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
(as applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date scheduled to fall on the 
relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the 
final Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall 
Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which 
the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final 
Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products.  
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) below (as 
applicable):  
(i) 
American Barrier  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American 
Barrier' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
Payout Conditions 
82 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be ''Cash Settlement' in 
the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance ; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on 
its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in 
accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable 
on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on 
the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in 
the Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(ii) 
American Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American 
Barrier with Return' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 84 ---
Payout Conditions 
83 
 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0;  Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP ×  Final Return)]; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
American Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American 
Barrier with Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Max [CPP;  Final Performance]; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iv) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American 
Barrier with Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0;  Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]

--- Page 85 ---
Payout Conditions 
84 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX' Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American 
Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; IP −Final Peformance
IP −Strike Percentage) ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this 1.2(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX 
Performance. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  FRP; 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance −PP);or

--- Page 86 ---
Payout Conditions 
85 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
1.3 
Yield Enhancement Products Without Barrier Payout  
This paragraph 1.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in 
the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon

--- Page 87 ---
Payout Conditions 
86 
 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated 
Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates' 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or 
any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or final Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall 
Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which 
the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount. 
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation

--- Page 88 ---
Payout Conditions 
87 
 
Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final 
Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 
(i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Without Barrier 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without 
Barrier' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or  
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(ii) 
Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an

--- Page 89 ---
Payout Conditions 
88 
 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; IP −Final Peformance
IP −Strike Percentage) ; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without 
Barrier with Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))];or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
1.4 
Yield Enhancement Products with Stability Note Payout 
This paragraph 1.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
Payout Conditions 
89 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and/or the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT 
if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be 
more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) 
below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has not occurred at any time on or 
prior to such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has occurred at any time on or prior 
to such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.  
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in 
the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'.

--- Page 91 ---
Payout Conditions 
90 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 
1.4(c)(i) or 1.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[CP; X + LF × (Relevant SPL + Y)]); or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount. 
1.5 
Yield Enhancement Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means each Product in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'American Barrier', 
'American Barrier with Return', 'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 
'American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk'. 
"Autocall Basket Performance" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or

--- Page 92 ---
Payout Conditions 
91 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is either 
(1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is either 
(1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation 
Date are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation 
Date are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is 
either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is 
either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) 
above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) 
below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period are 
either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their

--- Page 93 ---
Payout Conditions 
92 
 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Period; or 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period are 
either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Autocall Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Period Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such 
Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
Payout Conditions 
93 
 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of 
the following:  
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or  
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption 
Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date; or  
(c) 
if 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Max (MERP; Autocall Basket Performance) 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on 
which an Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which 
an Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an 
Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) and an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such 
Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable):

--- Page 95 ---
Payout Conditions 
94 
 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D), 
(E), (F) or (G) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(E) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either (1) above or (2) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(F) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) above or 
(2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either (1) below or (2) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(G) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue 
Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 96 ---
Payout Conditions 
95 
 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or  
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(E) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue 
Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
in respect of Products for which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms, the Stability Performance Level is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stability Disruption Barrier 
Percentage on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
(such Barrier Event, a "Stability Disruption Barrier Event"). 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
Payout Conditions 
96 
 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Calculated Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × Coupon Ratei  × n
N 
Where: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i" relating 
to Coupon Observation Period "i". 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date and corresponding Coupon Observation Period. 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of Exchange Business Days in the 
Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the total number of Exchange Business Days 
during the Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of a Product linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and an Autocall Observation Period, each day falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period that is an Autocall Period Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in 
such basket of Underlyings.  
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is any of (i) above, (ii) at or 
above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In 
Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 
1.2(a)(i) and 1.3(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 1.2(a)(i) and 
1.3(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 98 ---
Payout Conditions 
97 
 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Coupon Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Coupon 
Observation Period, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
Payout Conditions 
98 
 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date are 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or  
(iv) 
 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date are 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 100 ---
Payout Conditions 
99 
 
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount" means, if 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' 
are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with 
paragraphs 1.1(a)(ii), 1.2(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(ii), 
1.2(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable.  
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Period (and a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period if), one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day during 
such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day during 
such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period AND (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon 
Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon 
Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Period AND either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during 
such Coupon Observation Period are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during 
such Coupon Observation Period are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period AND either (A) below or (B) at or

--- Page 101 ---
Payout Conditions 
100 
 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Upper Coupon Trigger 
Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means products in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'European Barrier', 
'European Barrier with Return', 'European Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 
'European Barrier with Downside Risk'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or

--- Page 102 ---
Payout Conditions 
101 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basekt Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Final Return" means, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the 
relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
for Products linked to a single Underlying, in respect of such Underlying a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(c) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)

--- Page 103 ---
Payout Conditions 
102 
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
Provided that if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be multiplied by FX Performance. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.1(a)(iii), 
1.2(a)(iii), 1.3(a)(iii) or 1.4(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"FRP" or "Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of any date, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
FX Rate(t)
FX Rate (Initial) 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at FX Rate Valuation Time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the 
same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such 
Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"FX Rate(t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published rate); 
or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Recorded Performance" means, in respect of an Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
the highest Underlying Performance observed on any Optimal Tracker Observation Date.  
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable):

--- Page 104 ---
Payout Conditions 
103 
 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below 
or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect 
of such Lock-In Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date 
and the basket of Underlyings; or

--- Page 105 ---
Payout Conditions 
104 
 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least one 
Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single Lock-In Event 
has occurred for all Underlyings. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 1.1(c)(i) or 1.2(c)(i) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and 
a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"MERP" or "Minimum Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, if the Final Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of

--- Page 106 ---
Payout Conditions 
105 
 
Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issuer Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are any of (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier 
Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been any of (i) 
above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) their respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings. 
"Optimal Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the price source, providing 
the relevant price of the FX Rate for such Underlying, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the Autocall Fixing Basket 
Level corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date in respect of which the Autocall Event 
occurred divided by (b) the Initial Fixing Basket Level. 
"Relevant SPL" or "Relevant Stability Performance Level" means the Stability Performance 
Level in respect of the first Barrier Observation Date in respect of which a Stability Disruption 
Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the 
Issue Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates shall be referred to in the Issue Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 'i' 
is a number from 1 (one) up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is any of (i) above, 
(ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In 
Barrier Level for such Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 107 ---
Payout Conditions 
106 
 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate;or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
𝑁
𝑖=𝑛+1
] × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.

--- Page 108 ---
Payout Conditions 
107 
 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon 
Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of 
each Coupon Trigger Level; 
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formulae: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
IN EACH CASE PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, then the Specified Coupon Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by FX 
Performance. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Event" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
"Barrier Event". 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Stability Performance Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date (the "Relevant 
BOD") and an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(
Barrier Fixing Level
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level) −1 
Where:  
"Preceding Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Relevant BOD and an 
Underlying, the Barrier Fixing Level of such Underlying on the Barrier Observation Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant BOD (or, if the Relevant BOD is the first Barrier 
Observation Date, the Underlying Trading Day immediately preceding the Relevant 
BOD). 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, any of (a), (b) or 
(c) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(c) 
the Strike Basket Level. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account

--- Page 109 ---
Payout Conditions 
108 
 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or 
(vi) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(v) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying of all Underlyings 
(excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level; or 
(vi) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 110 ---
Payout Conditions 
109 
 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level. 
"Target Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in 
the Issue Terms, 
(a) 
each Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Target One Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(b) 
the day(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Target One Event" means (and Target One Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), any 
of (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier Level; 
or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below 
or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target One Barrier 
Level; or 
(c) 
the Target One Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier 
Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date; or 
(d) 
the Target One Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target One 
Barrier Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date. 
"Target One Fixing Level" means, in respect a Target One Barrier Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Underlying" means, the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms or if no 
Underlying is specified, not applicable. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions.

--- Page 111 ---
Payout Conditions 
110 
 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and 
a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"X" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Y" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Yield Enhancement Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Return', 'European 
Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with Optimal Tracker', 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'European 
Barrier with Increased Downside Risk', 'American Barrier', 'American Barrier with Return', 
'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation', 'American 
Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'American Barrier with Increased Downside 
Risk', 'Without Barrier', 'Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike', 'Without Barrier with 
Downside Participation' or 'Stability Note'. 
"Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product" means Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'Without Barrier', 'Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike' or 'Without Barrier with Downside Participation'.

--- Page 112 ---
Payout Conditions 
111 
 
2. 
Twin Win Products 
This paragraph 2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms. 
2.1 
Twin Win Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' 
in the Issue Term no Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as 
applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon 
Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect 
of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount

--- Page 113 ---
Payout Conditions 
112 
 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier 
(Bullish)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date 
(as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP − Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and  
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Performance;  CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):

--- Page 114 ---
Payout Conditions 
113 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, in accordance with 
(I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier 
(Bearish)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date 
(as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and:  
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance);or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min[(TWP −Final Performance); CP]; 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below:

--- Page 115 ---
Payout Conditions 
114 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined in accordance with 
(I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0;Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)];or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP)];or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.2 
Twin Win Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.

--- Page 116 ---
Payout Conditions 
115 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms no Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as 
applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon 
Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect 
of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) 
at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products.  
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier 
(Bullish)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date 
(as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 117 ---
Payout Conditions 
116 
 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance; or 
(II)  
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Performance;  CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or 
(II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms and: 
(I) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;or 
(II) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on 
its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in 
accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
American Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier 
(Bearish)' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 118 ---
Payout Conditions 
117 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date 
(as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [(TWP −Final Performance); CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or 
(II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (IP −Final Performance;FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.3 
Twin Win Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 119 ---
Payout Conditions 
118 
 
"American Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'American Barrier (Bullish)' or 'American 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) 
above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) 
below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(iv) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Autocall Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 120 ---
Payout Conditions 
119 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, either (a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such 
Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying

--- Page 121 ---
Payout Conditions 
120 
 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following (as specified in 
the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 122 ---
Payout Conditions 
121 
 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period.  
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 123 ---
Payout Conditions 
122 
 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 2.1(a)(i) 
and 2.2(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions.  
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(i) and 2.2(a)(i) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Coupon Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying.

--- Page 124 ---
Payout Conditions 
123 
 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date.

--- Page 125 ---
Payout Conditions 
124 
 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'European Barrier (Bullish)' or 'European 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Final Fixing Level
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 126 ---
Payout Conditions 
125 
 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(ii) or 
2.2(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or  
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 127 ---
Payout Conditions 
126 
 
∑NUCi  × Initial Fixing Level
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate;or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Rate𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=𝑛+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon

--- Page 128 ---
Payout Conditions 
127 
 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Basket Level;  
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level;  
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) below or 
(B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level; 
or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) below or 
(B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level. 
"Twin Win Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier (Bullish)', 'European Barrier (Bearish), 'American Barrier 
(Bullish)' or 'American Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"TWP" or "Twin Win Percentage" means, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying

--- Page 129 ---
Payout Conditions 
128 
 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 130 ---
Payout Conditions 
129 
 
3. 
Fixed Redemption Products 
This paragraph 3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
3.1 
Fixed Redemption Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the 
relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling 
immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of 
an Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on 
the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date 
on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall 
on the same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect 
of the Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP

--- Page 131 ---
Payout Conditions 
130 
 
3.2 
Fixed Redemption Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
 the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 132 ---
Payout Conditions 
131 
 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 133 ---
Payout Conditions 
132 
 
(a) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate;or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Rate𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=𝑛+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.

--- Page 134 ---
Payout Conditions 
133 
 
4. 
Protection Products 
This paragraph 4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms. 
4.1 
Protection Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the 
relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling 
immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with the applicable Protection Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), 
(v) or (vi) below (as applicable).

--- Page 135 ---
Payout Conditions 
134 
 
(i) 
Protection with Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(ii) 
Protection with Twin Win Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin 
Win' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return (Inverse));or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP);or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP

--- Page 136 ---
Payout Conditions 
135 
 
(iii) 
Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin 
Win and Low Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Return (Inverse);or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Performance 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP);or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iv) 
Protection with Barrier and Strike Event Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier and Strike Event' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP;or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)

--- Page 137 ---
Payout Conditions 
136 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP);or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(v) 
Protection with Barrier and Upside Participation 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier and Upside Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable) (provided that each reference in paragraph (A) or (B) below to "CP" 
shall be construed as "Calculation Amount x CP"): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Min {[(CA ×  PP ×  Final Return)];  CP}; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA ×  Final Performance 
(vi) 
Protection without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection without 
Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below as applicable: 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the

--- Page 138 ---
Payout Conditions 
137 
 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Calculation Amount × CCP);or 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛[(Calculation Amount × CPP); CP];or 
(3) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' and Floor' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Calculation Amount × CPP);  FP];or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥{𝑀𝑖𝑛[(Calculation Amount × CPP)]; CP;  FP} 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP ×  Final Return) 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP ×  Final Return)]; CP};or 
(3) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥{[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP ×  Final Return)]; FP};or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥{𝑀𝑖𝑛[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP ×  Final Return)]; CP;  FP} 
4.2 
Protection Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 139 ---
Payout Conditions 
138 
 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 140 ---
Payout Conditions 
139 
 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms (and Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product), either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above the 
Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or

--- Page 141 ---
Payout Conditions 
140 
 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Event Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below the 
Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period. 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the Lower 
Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above 
the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Upper Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the Lower 
Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above 
the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Upper Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) (y) 
below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective 
Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level 
or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper 
Barrier Level; or

--- Page 142 ---
Payout Conditions 
141 
 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) (y) 
below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective 
Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level 
or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper 
Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) (y) below 
its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective Lower 
Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level or (z) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Event Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Barrier Fixing Level
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 143 ---
Payout Conditions 
142 
 
∑NUCi  × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 144 ---
Payout Conditions 
143 
 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
 if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or

--- Page 145 ---
Payout Conditions 
144 
 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi  × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i";  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms.; 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i";

--- Page 146 ---
Payout Conditions 
145 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means any of (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Worst Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or

--- Page 147 ---
Payout Conditions 
146 
 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a Best Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable):  
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A), (B) or (C) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula 
or text in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level(Worst))
Strike Level (Wort)
; or 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms and if Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):

--- Page 148 ---
Payout Conditions 
147 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula or 
text in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A), (B) or (C) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or

--- Page 149 ---
Payout Conditions 
148 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D), 
(E), (F), (G) or (H) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the 
relevant formula or text in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(D) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Initial Fixing Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
(E) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Beste)
; or 
(F) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Strike Level(Best)
; or 
(G) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(H) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike), 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if Final Return Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms and the percentage determined in accordance with 4.2(a), (b) or (c) (as 
applicable) of this definition of Final Return would be greater than the Final Return Cap 
Percentage, the Final Return will be deemed to be equal to the Final Return Cap 
Percentage. 
"Final Return (Inverse)" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 150 ---
Payout Conditions 
149 
 
∑NUCi  × (IP − [ Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
])
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Return Cap" will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Final Return Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 151 ---
Payout Conditions 
150 
 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Barrier Level" means the lower barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Product Direction" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 'Bullish', 'Bearish' or 'Absolute'.  
"Protection Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Protection with Barrier', 'Protection with Twin Win', 'Protection with Twin 
Win and Low Strike', 'Protection with Barrier and Strike Event' or 'Protection without Barrier'.  
"Protection with Twin Win Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Protection 
Product Style' is specified to be either 'Protection with Twin Win' or 'Protection with Twin Win 
and Low Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
"RCP" or "Rebate Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate;or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Rate𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=𝑛+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;

--- Page 152 ---
Payout Conditions 
151 
 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level; or 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable):

--- Page 153 ---
Payout Conditions 
152 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level;  
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Basket Level 
is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing 
Basket Level; 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Best Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Upper Barrier Level" means the upper barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 154 ---
Payout Conditions 
153 
 
5. 
Bonus Products 
This paragraph 5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms. 
5.1 
Bonus Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT 
if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be 
more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon 
Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions 
(paragraph (ii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in 
the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in 
the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon

--- Page 155 ---
Payout Conditions 
154 
 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference 
to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions required for such Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Bonus Product Style 
and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage;or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside 
Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
5.1(c)(i)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0;  Final Performance(Downside)];or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General

--- Page 156 ---
Payout Conditions 
155 
 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Upside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage;or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance(Upside) −BP)) 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside 
Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
5.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0; Final Performance(Downside)];or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and:

--- Page 157 ---
Payout Conditions 
156 
 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Performance(Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside 
Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
5.1(c)(iii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside)shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; 1 + (DPP × (Final Performance(Downside) −1))] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date.  
(iv) 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Bonus Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 158 ---
Payout Conditions 
157 
 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; Final Performance(Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance 
Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance 
with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × OPP × (Final Performance(Upside) −BP), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Outperformance Upside Cap is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance 
(Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than 
the Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of 
this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(v)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance 
(Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Outperformance Upside 
Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in 
the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0; Final Performance(Downside]; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery 
on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in 
accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or

--- Page 159 ---
Payout Conditions 
158 
 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance −BP), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final 
Performance (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the 
purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(v)(B)(2) only, the Final 
Performance shall be deemed to be equal to the Normal 
Performance Upside Cap Percentage. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance(Upside) −BP), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside 
Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
5.1(c)(vi)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General

--- Page 160 ---
Payout Conditions 
159 
 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(vii) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation and Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect 
of such Products the Settlement Type shall be 'Cash Settlement' and the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance(Upside) −BP), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside 
Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
5.1(c)(vii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or  
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × DPP × (Final Performance(Downside) −BP)); or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance −BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final 
Performance (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the 
purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(vii)(B)(2) only, the Final 
Performance shall be deemed to be equal to the Normal 
Performance Upside Cap Percentage.  
(viii) American Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Bonus Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 161 ---
Payout Conditions 
160 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issue shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage;or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)];or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage;or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ix) 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Upside Cap and Downside Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage;or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [Final Performance (Upside); CP]

--- Page 162 ---
Payout Conditions 
161 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0;  Final Performance (Downside)];or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [Final Performance; CP] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
5.2 
Bonus Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"American Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as any of 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal 
Performance Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation', 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside Participation', 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' or 
'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level 
of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 163 ---
Payout Conditions 
162 
 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below 
or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such 
Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level 
of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above 
or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its

--- Page 164 ---
Payout Conditions 
163 
 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such 
Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Bonus Event" means (and a Bonus Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Bonus Level; or  
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 165 ---
Payout Conditions 
164 
 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (1) 
above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Bonus Level; or  
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (1) 
below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level. 
"Bonus Basket Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Bonus Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Bonus Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 'European 
Barrier with Downside Participation', 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap', 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation', 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation', 
'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' and 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'. 
"BP" means the Bonus Percentage. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 166 ---
Payout Conditions 
165 
 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 5.1(a)(i) 
of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 5.1(a)(i) of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or

--- Page 167 ---
Payout Conditions 
166 
 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of 
the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date; or 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation 
Date are either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of 
the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date; or

--- Page 168 ---
Payout Conditions 
167 
 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation 
Date are either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as any of 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 
'European Barrier with Downside Participation' or 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms):

--- Page 169 ---
Payout Conditions 
168 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Fixing Level 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 170 ---
Payout Conditions 
169 
 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Downside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms):

--- Page 171 ---
Payout Conditions 
170 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 172 ---
Payout Conditions 
171 
 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Upside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 173 ---
Payout Conditions 
172 
 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 5.1(a)(ii) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 174 ---
Payout Conditions 
173 
 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"NPP" means the Normal Performance Participation Percentage. 
"Normal Performance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"OPP" means the Outperformance Participation Percentage. 
"Outperformance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 175 ---
Payout Conditions 
174 
 
"Outperformance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the 
Issue Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates shall be referred to in the Issue Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 'i' 
is a number from 1 (one) up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate;or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] × T

--- Page 176 ---
Payout Conditions 
175 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon 
Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last 
Coupon Payment Date on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) 
preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, provided that if there are no 
Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to 
the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current 
Relevant Coupon Observation Date. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a 
Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
in respect of each Coupon Trigger Level. 
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
"Strike Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi  × Strike Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level

--- Page 177 ---
Payout Conditions 
176 
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
"UPP" means the Upside Participation Percentage. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 178 ---
Payout Conditions 
177 
 
6. 
Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 6 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms. 
6.1 
Reverse Convertible Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the 
relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the 
Issue Terms, the Coupon Amount shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Coupon Amount payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior 
to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on 
the same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Reverse Convertible 
Product Style and paragraph 6.1(c)(i), 6.1(c)(ii) or 6.1(c)(iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 179 ---
Payout Conditions 
178 
 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is (x) in respect of Products for 
which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – 
At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, 
below the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for 
which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the 
Issue Terms, at or below the Strike Level of the Underlying, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Final Fixing Level)/(Strike Level);or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the 
Issue Terms, at or above the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in 
respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At 
or Below' in the Issue Terms, above the Strike Level of the Underlying, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount. 
(ii) 
Basket of Underlyings 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is (x) in 
respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified 
as 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' 
in the Issue Terms, below the Strike Level of such Underlying or (y) in 
respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At 
or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or below the Strike Level of such 
Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with (1) 
or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Fixing Level (Worst) 
Strike Level (Worst)
; or

--- Page 180 ---
Payout Conditions 
179 
 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (x) 
in respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption 
– Below' in the Issue Terms, at or above the Strike Level of such 
Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption 
Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, above the 
Strike Level of such Underlying, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(iii) 
Spread Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Spread 
Underlying' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
If the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the 
Issue Terms, below the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying or 
(y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style 
is specified as 'Par Redemption – Above OR Performance Redemption – 
At or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or below the Strike Spread Level of the 
Spread Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Spread Level 
Strike Spread Denominator; or 
(B) 
if the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is either (x) in respect 
of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the 
Issue Terms, at or above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying 
or (y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination 
Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, above the Strike Spread 
Level of the Spread Underlying, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
6.2 
Reverse Convertible Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date;

--- Page 181 ---
Payout Conditions 
180 
 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(c) 
the Spread of the Spread Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying 
1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2.  
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 182 ---
Payout Conditions 
181 
 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and: 
(a) 
an Underlying (other than a Spread Underlying), an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as such in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Spread Level of such Spread Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount 
or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date"), the period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon 
Payment Date (or if the Relevant Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Issue 
Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon 
Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the relevant Coupon Payment Date after all 
adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions, 
or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) 
the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, disregarding any 
adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'Coupon Accrual' 
or 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 183 ---
Payout Conditions 
182 
 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Final Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, the Spread in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Initial Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, or (b) if none, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 1– Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 2 
"Redemption Determination Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' or 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below'. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Reverse Convertible Product Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Single Underlying', 'Basket of Underlyings' or 'Spread Underlying'. 
"Spread" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and a Spread 
Underlying and its related Underlying 1 and Underlying 2, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1– Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Underlying" means the Spread calculated by reference to Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2 and specified as an Underlying in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level 
was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Spread Denominator" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Spread Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of 
such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is

--- Page 184 ---
Payout Conditions 
183 
 
specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount or 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying" has the meaning given to such term in the General Conditions, provided that the 
term "Underlying" shall be construed (where applicable) as including a Spread Underlying 
where specified as an Underlying in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing 
Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date 
and an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Autocall Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date; 
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level−Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 185 ---
Payout Conditions 
184 
 
 
7. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 7 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue Terms. 
7.1 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, 
if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
below.  
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on 
each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.

--- Page 186 ---
Payout Conditions 
185 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.2 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier Payout

--- Page 187 ---
Payout Conditions 
186 
 
This paragraph 7.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, 
if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
below.  
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on 
each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and, the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount

--- Page 188 ---
Payout Conditions 
187 
 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.2(c)(i) or 7.2(c)(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.3 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier and Participation' 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 189 ---
Payout Conditions 
188 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, 
if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on 
each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or

--- Page 190 ---
Payout Conditions 
189 
 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.3(c)(i) or 7.3(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by either (1) 
or (2) below (as appliable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
(I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2; or 
(II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery 
Date and 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0;  Final Performance]; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max [0;  Final Performance]);or 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.4 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier and Participation' 
in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and,

--- Page 191 ---
Payout Conditions 
190 
 
if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on 
each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.

--- Page 192 ---
Payout Conditions 
191 
 
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.4(c)(i) or 7.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and; 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by either 
(1) or (2) below (as appliable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms,  
(I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2 and 
(II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the 
Delivery Date; or  
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0;  Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max [0;  Final Performance]); or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max [0;  Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.5 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with Leverage Downside Payout  
This paragraph 7.5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
Payout Conditions 
192 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, 
if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on 
each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an

--- Page 194 ---
Payout Conditions 
193 
 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall 
Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be 
payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 
7.5(c)(i) or 7.5(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × Max [FP; MRP – (Gearing × Leverage Final Performance)]; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP 
7.6 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue 
Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 195 ---
Payout Conditions 
194 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date are either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, any of (a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in

--- Page 196 ---
Payout Conditions 
195 
 
respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such 
Autocall Redemption Date, or (c) if "Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to 
the product of the Calculation Amount and the Maximum Redemption Percentage.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or

--- Page 197 ---
Payout Conditions 
196 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'American Barrier' or 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue Terms, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
(ii) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
(iii) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'American Barrier', 'European 
Barrier and Participation', 'American Barrier and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside'. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at

--- Page 198 ---
Payout Conditions 
197 
 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of 
such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 
7.2(a)(ii), 7.3(a)(ii), 7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii) (as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 7.2(a)(ii), 
7.3(a)(ii), 7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date"), the period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon 
Payment Date (or if the Relevant Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Issue 
Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon 
Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the relevant Coupon Payment Date after all 
adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions, 
or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable)

--- Page 199 ---
Payout Conditions 
198 
 
the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, disregarding any 
adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Rate" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions, the per annum rate specified 
as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Conditional Coupon Provisions, the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 200 ---
Payout Conditions 
199 
 
"Final Fixing Level (Long)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Short)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Underlying Performance (Long)– Underlying Performance (Short); or 
(iv) 
the Final Return; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst); or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(iv) 
the Final Return (Worst) 
"Final Return" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
100% +
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Final Return (Worst)" means the Final Return of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 201 ---
Payout Conditions 
200 
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 
7.5(a)(i) (as applicable) of these Payout Conditions.  
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the amount payable on a Coupon Payment 
Date as determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 
7.5(a)(i) (as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual' or 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking int account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Long)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Short)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying.

--- Page 202 ---
Payout Conditions 
201 
 
"Leverage Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Strike Level−Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Strike Fixing Level×Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Strike Level (Worst)−Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
  
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date 
and the basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least one 
Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single Lock-In Event 
has occurred for all Underlyings.  
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation

--- Page 203 ---
Payout Conditions 
202 
 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 7.1(c), 7.2(c), 7.3(c) or 
7.4(c) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Long Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier, if the Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier, either (i) or 
(ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been either (i) 
below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings. 
"MRP" or "Maximum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Short Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such 
Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date.

--- Page 204 ---
Payout Conditions 
203 
 
"Specified Conditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one 
of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as Specified Conditional Coupon in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on 
which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Barrier Level; or

--- Page 205 ---
Payout Conditions 
204 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) below or 
(ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Basket Level. 
"Strike Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Performance (Long)" means, in respect of a Long Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing (Long) −Initial Fixing Level (Long)
Initial Fixing Level (Long)
 
"Underlying Performance (Short)" means, in respect of a Short Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Short) −Initial Fixing Level (Short)
Initial Fixing Level (Short)
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 206 ---
Payout Conditions 
205 
 
8. 
Tracker Products 
This paragraph 8 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
8.1 
Tracker Product Redemption Style 
(a) 
Fixed Term 
Subject to early redemption pursuant to (i) or (ii) below (if applicable) or otherwise, each 
Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the Issue Terms 
will have a scheduled Final Fixing Date (subject to adjustment for Scheduled Trading 
Days and Disrupted Days) and a scheduled Redemption Date (subject to adjustment for 
Business Days) specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Fixed Term) 
If Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, unless the Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) or the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but not 
some only) of the outstanding Products on any Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice 
Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice (the 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall specify the Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which the Issuer intends to 
exercise its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) and shall designate a Final Fixing 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise 
of its applicable Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on which the 
Issuer gives notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), no such 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect of such Product and 
such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Fixed Term) 
If Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, unless the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor exercising its Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) in respect of such Product on any Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise Date by giving notice to the Paying Agent not less than 
the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period prior to such Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying Agent may 
approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date for such Products. Such 
notice (the "Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall 
specify the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which 
the Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise 
of its applicable Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on which the 
Investor gives notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), no 
such Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect of such 
Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (i) above. 
(b) 
Open Ended 
Each Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended in the Issue 
Terms shall only be redeemed upon (a) the Issuer exercising its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 8.1(b)(i) below or (b) the Investor

--- Page 207 ---
Payout Conditions 
206 
 
exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 
8.1(b)(ii) below. Upon the exercise of either the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) or the 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended), the Final Fixing Date and the Redemption Date shall 
be determined in accordance with the respective definition thereof. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but not 
some only) of the outstanding Products on any Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) 
Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice 
Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice (the 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice") shall specify the 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in respect of which the Issuer 
intends to exercise its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) and shall designate a Final 
Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise 
of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Issuer gives 
notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended), no such Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such 
Product shall be redeemed in accordance with 8.1(b)(ii) below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor exercising its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) in respect of such Security on any Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended) Exercise Date by giving notice to the Paying Agent not less than 
the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Notice Period prior to such Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying Agent may 
approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date for such Products. Such 
notice (the "Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice") shall 
specify the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in respect of which 
the Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended).  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise 
of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Investor 
gives notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended), no such 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) may be exercised in respect of such Product 
and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (i) above. 
8.2 
Tracker Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon 
Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with the relevant

--- Page 208 ---
Payout Conditions 
207 
 
Tracker Product Style and the corresponding paragraph from 8.2(c)(i) to 8.2(c)(xxv) 
below (as applicable):  
(i) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × FFL 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × FFL] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above.

--- Page 209 ---
Payout Conditions 
208 
 
(iii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(iv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[(Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(v) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 210 ---
Payout Conditions 
209 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[(Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vi) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL ×; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vii) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] – [AMF (Final)– APF (Final)]

--- Page 211 ---
Payout Conditions 
210 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units(Final) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]– AMF(Final)– APF (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Dividend Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) W (Final). For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Dividend 
Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula 
above 
(viii) Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with no FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ix) 
Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units(Final) × Final Fixing Level] – AMF(Final) – APF (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units(Final) × MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × [IFL; FFL]] – AMF(Final) –APF (Final)

--- Page 212 ---
Payout Conditions 
211 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Dividend Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) W (Final). For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Dividend 
Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula 
above. 
(x) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(x) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × MAX [High Watermark Level; FFL] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX [High Watermark Level; FFL] + Accumulated Dividends] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single

--- Page 213 ---
Payout Conditions 
212 
 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX [High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final) + Accumulated Dividends] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiv) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × MAX [High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
(as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xv) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
no Dividends Payout

--- Page 214 ---
Payout Conditions 
213 
 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption Composite FX and no Dividends' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [High Watermark Level;Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance 
with the formula above. 
(xvi) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units(Final) × MAX [High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)]– AMF(Final)– APF (Final) 
(xvii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX [High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance 
with the formula above. 
(xviii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xviii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units)' in 
the Issue Terms.

--- Page 215 ---
Payout Conditions 
214 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[𝑈𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑠(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙) × 𝑀𝐴𝑋 [𝐻𝑖𝑔ℎ 𝑊𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑟𝑘 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙; 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙] – 𝐴𝑀𝐹(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙) – 𝐴𝑃𝐹 (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙) 
(xix) Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑[W(Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖]
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect 
of Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xx) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xx) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W(Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 216 ---
Payout Conditions 
215 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xxi) Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W(Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xxii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of

--- Page 217 ---
Payout Conditions 
216 
 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W(Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xxiii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑[W(Initial) × Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖]𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect 
of Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i";

--- Page 218 ---
Payout Conditions 
217 
 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xxiv) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖 × FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli"" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(xxv) Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 219 ---
Payout Conditions 
218 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
8.3 
Tracker Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"AMF (Final)" means AMF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"AMF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued management fees in 
respect of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Product Value Style' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
AMF (t – 1) + [Value (t – 1) × MF × Day Count (t)];or 
(ii) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Calculation Amount Style' in the 
Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + (MF × Calculation Amount × Day Count (t)), 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker 
Observation Date (in accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) AMF (t) shall 
be reset to zero in respect of each Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such 
Tracker Observation Date.

--- Page 220 ---
Payout Conditions 
219 
 
"AMF (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, AMF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Accumulated Dividends" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of each Dividend Amount (FX) in respect of 
such Underlying and each Dividend Payment Day.  
"APF (Final)" means APF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"APF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued performance fees in 
respect of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
APF (t −1) + {PF × MAX[0; Value (t −1) −Watermark (t −1)]};  
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in 
accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) APF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date. 
"APF (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, APF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Conversion Ratio (Tracker)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Day Count (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the number calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the total number of calendar days falling between such 
Scheduled Trading Day t and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day divided by (b) 
360. 
"Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Dividend Payment Day and an Underlying, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms, the total amount of net dividends 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a 
Hypothetical Investor would receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such 
Hypothetical Investor held a number of such Underlying equal in number to the W 
(Current) in respect of such Dividend Payment Day and such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' 
in the Issue Terms, the total amount of net dividends (rounded to the nearest four decimal 
places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a Hypothetical Investor would receive on 
such Dividend Payment Day if such Hypothetical Investor held a number of such 
Underlying equal in number to the W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying. 
"Dividend Amount (FX)" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Payment Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Dividend Amount × FX Rate

--- Page 221 ---
Payout Conditions 
220 
 
"Dividend Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such 
Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Dividend Payment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, either (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms, each calendar day falling in the period 
from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the 
day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days prior to Final Fixing Date for such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' 
in the Issue Terms, each calendar day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying. 
"Dividend Reinvestment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Scheduled Trading 
Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days after 
the Initial Fixing Day for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Day for such 
Underlying.  
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in 
the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is 
specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product for 
which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day 
specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is 
specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product 
for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or 
the Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as 
applicable), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the

--- Page 222 ---
Payout Conditions 
221 
 
basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or  
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms in 
respect of an Underlying, or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 
'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be applicable in the Issue 
Terms, then in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or 
in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively 
and as the case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Open Ended' in 
the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended) Redemption Notice; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the number of Scheduled Trading Days (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) following the day on which the Paying Agent has received the duly 
completed and signed Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice, 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with either 
paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) of this definition of Final Fixing Date.  
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying 
Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be 
deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such 
Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such

--- Page 223 ---
Payout Conditions 
222 
 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published rate); 
or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"Hedge Unwind Costs (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
any costs associated with the unwinding of any transaction(s) or asset(s) held by a Hedging 
Entity that the Calculation Agent deems are no longer required to hedge the risk of performing 
the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products exposure to such Underlying on Scheduled 
Trading Day t. 
"High Watermark Level" means, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing Level on any 
High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date 
and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor located in the same jurisdiction as the 
Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest 
of such dates to occur. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice Period" means the period specified 
as such in the Issue Terms 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls

--- Page 224 ---
Payout Conditions 
223 
 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest 
of such dates to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days following 
the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different 
dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest 
of such dates to occur. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher 
Lock-In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as 
reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Issue Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraphs 8.2(c)(i) to 8.2(c)(ix) 
of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"MF" or "Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Management Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either Applicable or Not Applicable in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Management Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −𝑀𝑎𝑛𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑒𝑒) 𝑡365
⁄
 
Where: 
"Management Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms; and

--- Page 225 ---
Payout Conditions 
224 
 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the 
Initial Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date. 
"Performance Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Performance Fee" or "PF" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source, providing the relevant price 
of the FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in 
the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue Terms); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the 
Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to 
occur;  
PROVIDED that if: 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Open Ended' in 
the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable) 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended), the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date. 
"Redemption Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: Fixed Term 
or Open Ended. 
"Related Dividend Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and Dividend Payment Day falling 5 
Business Days prior to such Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Tracker Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the Tracker Fixing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t and such Underlying,

--- Page 226 ---
Payout Conditions 
225 
 
provided that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the Tracker Fixing 
Level in respect of such day shall be the level determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all 
factors it considers appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last 
available published level); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such 
Underlying. 
"Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Tracker Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Payout Style' is specified to be 
'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single Underlying with Quanto FX 
and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units), 
Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units), Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends or Basket of Underlyings with no FX and 
no Dividends. 
"Units (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Date, which shall be the number specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Units (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of such Underlying and 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"Units (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, the units of such 
Underlying in respect of such day as calculated in accordance with one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, Units (Initial); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is not a Tracker 
Observation Date, Units (t-1); or 
(c) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is a Tracker 
Observation Date, the units for such Underlying shall be adjusted on such day in 
accordance with any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)−FX Rate (t)); or 
(ii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue

--- Page 227 ---
Payout Conditions 
226 
 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t))  
(iii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF(t)
Units Fixing Level (t)−FX Rate (t)); or 
(iv) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)) 
PROVIDED THAT that, if two or more of the above are applicable then the amount in each of 
(i) or (ii) and (iii) or (iv) (as applicable) shall be deducted. 
"Units (t-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, Units (t) in 
respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Units Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) −Hedge Unwind Costs (t) 
"Value (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, any of (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −AMF (t);or 
(b) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −AMF (t) 
(c) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −APF (t); or 
(d) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −APF (t)

--- Page 228 ---
Payout Conditions 
227 
 
"Value (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, Value (t) in respect of the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Watermark (t - 1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the highest observed Value 
(t) on any Scheduled Trading Day from, and including, the Initial Fixing Date to, and including, 
the second Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that: 
(a) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date (as determined in (b) below); 
and 
(b) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date shall be an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Initial Fixing Level × (1 + Hurdle Rate)] 
Where "Hurdle Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"W (Current)" means, in respect of an Underlying and: 
(a) 
each Dividend Payment Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing 
Date to (and including) the day falling 5 Business Days after the Initial Fixing Date, W 
(Initial) in respect of such Underlying; and 
(b) 
each other day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of (a) W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying plus (b) W (Sum of Reinvested 
Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and such day. 
"W (Dividend Reinvestment Day)" means, in respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and an 
Underlying, the number (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of such Underlying the Hypothetical Investor could purchase with the Related 
Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day at the 
Dividend Fixing Level for such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Related Dividend Amount
Dividend Fixing Level
 
"W (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the sum of (a) W (Initial) plus (b) W (Final Sum of Reinvested 
Dividends). 
"W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the W (Sum of 
Reinvested Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"W (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying and any day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the W (Dividend 
Reinvestment Day) in respect of such Underlying and each Dividend Reinvestment Day falling 
on or prior to such day.

--- Page 229 ---
Payout Conditions 
228 
 
9. 
Dual Currency Products 
This paragraph 9 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the 
Issue Terms. 
9.1 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Investment Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Investment Currency' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount reflecting 
a coupon accruing from the Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph 9.1(c)(i) or 9.1(c)(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN );or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN )] × Strike Level 
9.2 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Alternative Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.2 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Alternative Currency' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount reflecting 
a coupon accruing from the Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 230 ---
Payout Conditions 
229 
 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[CA+(CA×Coupon Rate×DCFDCN)]
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN) 
9.3 
Dual Currency Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Alternative Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"DCFDCN" means the Day Count Fraction specified in the Issue Terms in respect of which the 
Calculation Period shall be the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding), 
the Redemption Date. 
"Dual Currency Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 'Upside in Investment Currency' or 'Upside in Alternative 
Currency'. 
"Investment Currency" means the investment currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is any of (i) below, (ii) at or below (iii) above or (iv) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the currency exchange rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, being (if so specified in 
the Issue Terms) the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
a rate equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of 
the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a 
date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined.

--- Page 231 ---
Payout Conditions 
230

--- Page 232 ---
Payout Conditions 
231 
 
10. 
Discount Products  
This paragraph 10 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms.  
10.1 
Discount Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon 
Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(A) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level × Conversion Ratio (Discount); or 
(B) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Issuer redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Cap Level × Conversion Ratio (Discount) 
PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the relevant cash amount 
determined in accordance with (i) or (ii) above (as applicable) converted into the Settlement 
Currency by multiplying such amount by FX Rate (Final). 
10.2 
Discount Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Cap Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject

--- Page 233 ---
Payout Conditions 
232 
 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Discount)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Discount Products" means Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying and the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the FX Rate Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the 
Settlement Currency the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the price source, 
providing the relevant price of the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying, specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is below the Cap Level; or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is at or below the Cap Level.

--- Page 234 ---
Payout Conditions 
233 
 
11. 
Leverage Products  
This paragraph 11 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
11.1 
Leverage Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Coupon Fixing Level −High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
] 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products. 
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products, Mini 
Future Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph 11.1(c)(vii)(A) or 11.1(c)(viii)(A) below (as applicable) if a 
Stop Loss Event occurs in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, as described 
below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the Leverage Product Style and 
paragraph (i), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (ix) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Call Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying,  
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 235 ---
Payout Conditions 
234 
 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level);or 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(a) or (b) above (as applicable) is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) 
only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or  
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0). 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
 'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×
Final Fixing Basket Level−Strike Basket Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
 'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Basket Level −Strike Basket Level); or 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× 𝑃𝑃×
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡)−𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level(Worst)); or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× 𝑃𝑃×
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡)−𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 (𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡)
;

--- Page 236 ---
Payout Conditions 
235 
 
(f) 
 'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best)); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) (as 
applicable) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(a), 
(b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) (as applicable) only, the Redemption Amount 
shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0). 
(ii) 
Call Warrant Products with Lock-In Feature 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product 
with Lock-In Feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(1) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × PP × (MAX [Highest Lock −In Barrier Level; 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level] −Strike Level); or 
(2) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CR (Warrant) × MAX [(Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × IFL −Strike Level); (FFL − Strike Level)] ;or 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(ii)(A)(1) or (2) above (as applicable) is greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 
11.1(c)(ii)(A)(1) or (2) (as applicable) only, the Redemption Amount shall 
be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred and if: 
(1) 
a Lock-In Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Highest Lock −In Barrier Level −Strike Level) 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 237 ---
Payout Conditions 
236 
 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Highest Lock −In Barrier Level × Initial Fixing Level −Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) 
only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; OR, 
(2) 
a Lock-In Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0). 
(iii) 
Call Warrant Products with High Watermark Redemption 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product 
with High Watermark Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Dates' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; (Final Fixing Level−High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
)]; OR 
(B) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Periods' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; (High Watermark Level−Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
)]. 
(iv) 
Put Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant Product' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
 'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Strike Level−Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or

--- Page 238 ---
Payout Conditions 
237 
 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(iv)(A)(1)(a) or (b) above (as applicable) is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(iv)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as 
applicable) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × [Min(Strike Level −Final Fixing Level);CP] 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0). 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level)/(Initial Basket Fixing Level); 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level);or 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level(Worst))/(Initial Fixing Level (Worst)); 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Basket Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst));or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Level (Best) −Final Fixing Level(Best))/(Initial Fixing Level (Best))

--- Page 239 ---
Payout Conditions 
238 
 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level (Best) −Final Fixing Level (Best)); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) (as 
applicable) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, 
then 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
paragraph 
11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) (as applicable) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0). 
(v) 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × ((Final Fixing Level)/(Initial Fixing Level) −Strike Percentage);or 
(b) 
''Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(v)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(v)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) 
only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if:

--- Page 240 ---
Payout Conditions 
239 
 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vi) 
Put Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Percentage − (Final Fixing Level)/(Initial Fixing Level));or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with 
the formula in 11.1(c)(vi)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as applicable) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(vi)(A)(1)(a) or (b) (as 
applicable) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be zero (0);  
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0).

--- Page 241 ---
Payout Conditions 
240 
 
(vii) 
Bullish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini Future 
Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) 
below, the Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as 
described further below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred 
in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products 
have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (0;Unwind Liquidation Price −Strike Level); or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred 
in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products 
have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(viii) Bearish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini 
Future Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) 
below the Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as 
described further below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred 
in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products 
have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × Max (0;Strike Level −Unwind Liquidation Price); or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred 
in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products 
have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption

--- Page 242 ---
Payout Conditions 
241 
 
Date. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
(ix) 
Leverage Certificate Products  
This paragraph 11.1(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Leverage Certificate 
Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption 
Amount, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; (CA + Financing Amount) × (SP + FFL −IFL
IFL
) −(Financing Amount × Total Financing Cost)] 
11.2 
Leverage Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified as 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable'. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Warrant)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 14 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or

--- Page 243 ---
Payout Conditions 
242 
 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"CR (Warrant)" means Conversion Ratio (Warrant). 
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi
n
i−1
× Final Fixing Level𝑖 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Financing Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount 
specified in the Issue Terms.  
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 23.1 (Definitions). 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"High Watermark Level" means, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Dates' in the Issue Terms, the higher of (1) the highest observed High 
Watermark Fixing Level of all previous High Watermark Observation Dates and (2) the 
Strike Level; or

--- Page 244 ---
Payout Conditions 
243 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Periods' in the Issue Terms, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing 
Level on any High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark 
Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date 
and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level.  
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Level𝑖
n
i−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUC" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Knock-Out Event" means (and a Knock-Out Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms):

--- Page 245 ---
Payout Conditions 
244 
 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; 
"Knock-Out Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Knock-Out Observation Period. 
"Knock-Out Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: Call Warrant Product, Put Warrant Product, Call Knock-Out Warrant, Put 
Knock-Out Warrant, Bullish Mini Future Product or Bearish Mini Future Product. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Issue Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher 
Lock-In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as 
reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 246 ---
Payout Conditions 
245 
 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Mini Future Product" means each Leverage Product in respect of which the Leverage Product 
Style is specified to be either 'Bullish Mini Future Product' or 'Bearish Mini Future Product 
Style'. 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Rebate Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini 
Future Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is either 
(i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level on any 
Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini 
Future Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level on any 
Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Stop Loss Observation 
Date, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted throughout the 
term of the Product in accordance with (a) and/or (b) below: 
(a) 
if the Underlying is a Share (or the Underlying provides exposure to shares or equity 
securities), the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted to account for the effect of any dividends 
corresponding such Underlying (or such underlying shares or equity securities) on the 
Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying (or such underlying share or equity 
security); and/or 
(b) 
if any event occurs which entitles the Issuer to adjust the Conditions of the Products in 
accordance with the Underlying Specific Conditions, the Stop Loss Level may be 
adjusted to reflect any changes to the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying as 
a result of such event. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Stop Loss Observation Period.

--- Page 247 ---
Payout Conditions 
246 
 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' or 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, the 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level of such Underlying; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' or 'Put Knock-Out Warrant' in the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or 
(vi) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the 
Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the 
Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(iii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike 
Level (Worst); 
(iv) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike 
Level (Worst); 
(v) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the 
Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level 
(Best); or 
(vi) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the

--- Page 248 ---
Payout Conditions 
247 
 
Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level 
(Best). 
If the Final Fixing Level or Final Fixing Basket Level is at the Strike Level and a Strike Event 
has occurred, the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Payout Condition 
11.1(c)(i), 11.1(c)(iv), 11.1(c)(iii), 11.1(c)(v), 11.1(c)(vii) or 11.1(c)(viii) (as applicable) shall 
be equal to zero. 
"Strike Level Best" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Percentage" or "SP" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Total Financing Cost" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
{1 + (Financing Rate × DCF)} 
Where, 
"DCF" means the actual number of days between (and including) the Issue Date to (and 
excluding) the scheduled Final Valuation Date (prior to any postponement of such day); 
and  
"Financing Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as defined in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Unwind Liquidation Price" means, in respect of an Underlying and the occurrence of a Stop 
Loss Event, an amount equal to (a) the price of the Underlying at which the Hedge Positions in 
respect of the Underlying are unwound following the occurrence of such Stop Loss Event minus 
(b) any costs incurred by the Hedging Entity as a result of unwinding such Hedge Positions. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 249 ---
Payout Conditions 
248 
 
12. 
Outperformance Products  
This paragraph 12 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms. 
12.1 
Outperformance Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Outperformance with Participation 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 
'Outperformance with Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1), (2) or (3) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max(Final Performance; 0);or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [((CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)); 0]; 
(3) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (i) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (ii) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 250 ---
Payout Conditions 
249 
 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × Final Return), 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 12.1(c)(i)(B) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
then for the purposes of this paragraph 12.1(c)(i)(B) only, the Redemption 
Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Participation Certificate with Airbag feature 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 'Participation 
Certificate with Airbag feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Final Performance; 0); or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((CA × PP) + (DPP × Final Return)); 0] 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Final Redemption Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Final Redemption Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × Min [Final Return; FRC]) 
12.2 
Outperformance Product Definitions  
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where:

--- Page 251 ---
Payout Conditions 
250 
 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
−Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i";

--- Page 252 ---
Payout Conditions 
251 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
−Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 253 ---
Payout Conditions 
252 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
  
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst); or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
  
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms):

--- Page 254 ---
Payout Conditions 
253 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
  
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best); or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
  
"Final Redemption Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) zero (0); or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial Fixing 
Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):

--- Page 255 ---
Payout Conditions 
254 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) zero (0); or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial Fixing 
Level. 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue in the Issue Terms, either (i) or 
(ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A), (B)or (C) below 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula 
or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level(Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worts)
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)

--- Page 256 ---
Payout Conditions 
255 
 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike); or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or 
text below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi
n
i=1
× Initial Fixing Level𝑖 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and:

--- Page 257 ---
Payout Conditions 
256 
 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP (FP)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Performance)" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"IP (FR)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Return)" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue

--- Page 258 ---
Payout Conditions 
257 
 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 259 ---
Payout Conditions 
258

--- Page 260 ---
Payout Conditions 
259 
 
13. 
Long/Short Products 
This paragraph 13 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms. 
13.1 
Long/Short Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products.  
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products, such 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 13.1(c)(i) below if 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, as described below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (i) below the 
Products shall redeem the Products early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as 
described further in paragraph (i) below). 
(i) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(i) shall only apply to Products in respect of which 'Stop 
Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in respect 
of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early 
on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency equal 
to the Stop Loss Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date by payment of the 
Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with paragraph (A), (B) or (C) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(A) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 261 ---
Payout Conditions 
260 
 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [PP × Final Strategy Level; 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level); 0] 
(B) 
Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(B) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 
'Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Max [((PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Max [(AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction);0] 
(C) 
Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(C) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
if Final Performance (Long) is above Final Performance (Short), 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × (100% + UPPx Final Strategy Level) 
(2) 
if Final Performance (Long) is at or below Final Performance 
(Short), the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Calculation Amount × (100% + UPPx × Final Strategy Level); 0] 
13.2 
Long/Short Product Definitions  
"AF" or "Adjustment Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 262 ---
Payout Conditions 
261 
 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Performance" means, in respect of the Long Underlying or the Short Underlying, either 
(a) or (b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating 
the relevant formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating 
the relevant formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable):  
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Strike Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
"Final Performance (Long)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Long Underlying. 
"Final Performance (Short)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Short Underlying. 
"Final Strategy Level" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Performance (Long) −Final Performance (Short) 
"Initial Product Value" means, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount for each 
Product in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
market value of such Product in respect of the Initial Fixing Date (or as specified as such in the 
Issue Terms.) 
"Long/Short Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to 
be 'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 263 ---
Payout Conditions 
262 
 
"Long/Short Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Long/Short Product with no Adjustment Factor' or 'Long/Short Product with 
Adjustment Factor'. 
"Long Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. 
"LS Final Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect 
of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the 
Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the following formula: 
∑NUCi
𝑛
𝑖=1
× Final Fixing Leveli 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or 
(ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Issue Terms;  
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) 
in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Initial Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level" means, in 
respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and 
either the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the 
Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the 
Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
∑NUCi
𝑛
𝑖=1
× Initial Fixing Leveli 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each 
Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms or (ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and:

--- Page 264 ---
Payout Conditions 
263 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying 
in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short 
Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms;  
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket 
of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying 
"i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Strike Basket Level" or "Long/Short Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a Product 
for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long Underlying 
or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
∑NUCi
𝑛
𝑖=1
× Strike Level𝑖 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (A) the Long Underlying, each 
Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms or (B) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying 
in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short 
Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket 
of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i". 
"Management Fee Deduction" means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Management Fee × DCF 
Where: 
"DCF" means either:

--- Page 265 ---
Payout Conditions 
264 
 
(i) 
t/360; or 
(ii) 
actual/365, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the 
Initial Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Short Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) the Stop 
Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss Observation Date is either (a) below or (b) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Barrier Level.  
"Stop Loss Barrier Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Product 
Value of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means each day falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period 
that is an Underlying Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Product Value" means, in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, an amount 
in respect of each Calculation Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the market value of such Product in respect of such 
Stop Loss Observation Date. Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as 
the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products.

--- Page 266 ---
Payout Conditions 
265 
 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means, in respect of the first Stop Loss Observation Date in 
respect of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Stop Loss Product Value in respect of such 
Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
Payout Conditions 
266 
 
14. 
Dispersion Products 
This paragraph 14 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dispersion Products' in the Issue Terms. 
14.1 
Dispersion Warrant on Basket 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Dispersion Products (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall 
Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which 
the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed 
on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such 
Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Basket Dispersion is at or above the Strike Level, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{FRC; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0; (Final Basket Dispersion −Strike Level)]};or 
(B) 
otherwise, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to zero. 
14.2 
Dispersion Product Definitions 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), any of (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) above or 
(2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 268 ---
Payout Conditions 
267 
 
(ii) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or  
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or a Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such 
Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date 
or such Common Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of 
the following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption 
Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on 
which an Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which 
an Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 269 ---
Payout Conditions 
268 
 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an 
Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Dispersion" means, on any date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date:  
1
𝑛 × ∑
𝑛
𝑖= 1  𝐴𝐵𝑆 (
Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
−Basket Performance) 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"ABS" means, when placed before a bracket containing a formula, the absolute value of 
the calculation output of such formula, such that any negative amount obtained from 
applying such formula shall be deemed to be a positive amount having the same 
numerical value as such negative amount (and, for example, ABS(-0.01) will be equal to 
0.01, and Abs(0.01) will be equal to 0.01); 
"Basket Performance" means, on any day, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date: 
∑𝑊i  × 
Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
"W" means the weight of the relevant Underlying specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(and which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a negative value);  
"Fixing Leveli" means, on any day, the Fixing Level of Underlying "i" on such day; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; and 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Period, each day falling in such Autocall Observation Period that is an Autocall Period 
Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Final Basket Dispersion" means the Basket Dispersion on the Final Fixing Date.

--- Page 270 ---
Payout Conditions 
269 
 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level" means an amount equal to the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 271 ---
Payout Conditions 
270 
 
15. 
Steepener Products 
This paragraph 15 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms. 
15.1 
Steepener Products with Spread (Note or Certificate) Payout 
This paragraph 15.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the 
relevant Coupon Observation Period): 
Calculation Amount × Max [FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [∑LF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
n
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in 
the Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Payment Date in the Issue Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate 
Coupon Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of 
Coupon Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period 
specified in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 272 ---
Payout Conditions 
271 
 
Calculation Amount × PP 
15.2 
Steepener Products with Accrual Steepener (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the 
relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [∑LF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
n
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in 
the Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Payment Date in the Issue Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate 
Coupon Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of 
Coupon Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period 
specified in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date at a Redemption Amount equal to 
zero (and shall expire worthless).  
15.3 
Steepener Products with Single Look (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 273 ---
Payout Conditions 
272 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable - the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms (and 
no Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [FP; LF × (Final Spread −Spread Strike Level)] 
15.4 
Steepener Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day 
for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2;  
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying; or  
(c) 
where "Common Observation" is specified in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) 
in the Issue Terms, each day falling in the relevant Coupon Observation Period for such 
Coupon Payment Date which is (i) a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; and (ii) not a Disrupted Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)',

--- Page 274 ---
Payout Conditions 
273 
 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the Spread in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date.  
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Final Spread" means the Spread in respect of the Final Fixing Date.  
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Strike Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date or Redemption Date, an 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, 
such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if 
applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Steepener Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Spread (Note or Certificate)', 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' or 'Single Look 
(Warrant)'. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level 
was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 275 ---
Payout Conditions 
274 
 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
a Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing 
Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and 
an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date;  
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level

--- Page 276 ---
Payout Conditions 
275 
 
16. 
General Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of all 
Products: 
"Autocall Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential early redemption of Products at the Autocall Amount upon the occurrence of an 
Autocall Event and will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Average" means, in respect of an Underlying and either:  
(a) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying; 
(b) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period divided by (ii) the number of Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial Lookback Observation 
Period; or 
(c) 
the Final Fixing Averaging Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Final 
Fixing Averaging Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Final Fixing 
Averaging Dates for such Underlying. 
"Conversion Ratio" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the number 
specified as such in respect of such Underlying in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bullish Products' in the 
Issue Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level ; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level × Settlement FX Rate) ; or 
(c) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Issue Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 277 ---
Payout Conditions 
276 
 
(
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate) 
"Conversion Ratio (Rounded)" means a number determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to the Conversion Ratio rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Delivery 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the coupon amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of these 
Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential payment of Coupon Amount(s) on the relevant Coupon Payment Dates and will be 
specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Corresponding Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product for which 'Settlement 
Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' or 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement', an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal 
to the amount that would have been paid as the Redemption Amount for such Product if 
'Settlement Type' had been specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − D1)]
360
 
Where:

--- Page 278 ---
Payout Conditions 
277 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
"Delivery Date" means the Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of General Condition 6. 
"Delivery Underlying" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if the Products are linked to one Underlying, such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if the Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: (a) each Underlying (b) the 
Worst Performing Underlying or (c) the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Product, a number equal to the Conversion Ratio 
(Rounded) of the Delivery Underlying. The Entitlement will be determined per Product without 
first aggregating the entire holding of Products held by an Investor. 
"Final Fixing Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable):

--- Page 279 ---
Payout Conditions 
278 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Averaging 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Averaging 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, 
the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings 
in the basket; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms in 
respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying.  
(iii) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, 
either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific

--- Page 280 ---
Payout Conditions 
279 
 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2; or  
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions; 
"Final Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date; 
(b) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Final Fixing Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underling in respect of all Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates. 
"Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the 
date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of 
any relevant variable that is specified in the Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and to 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial 
Fixing Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, such variable shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by the latest of such dates; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of any relevant variable that is specified in the 
Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and to be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial Fixing Date falls on different dates for

--- Page 281 ---
Payout Conditions 
280 
 
different Underlyings, such variable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by the latest of such dates.  
"Initial Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with any of (a), (b), (c), (d), (g), (h), 
(g) or (h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall 
also be specified in the Issue Terms):  
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Date; or  
(b) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(d) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(e) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(f) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(g) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of 
Initial Fixing Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue 
Terms for such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Level. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following 
(as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Period" means, in respect of an Underlying, the period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Lookback Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each 
Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Initial Lookback Observation Period.

--- Page 282 ---
Payout Conditions 
281 
 
"Level" has the meaning given to such term in the Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets.  
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Payout Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Yield Enhancement Products', 'Twin Win Products', 'Fixed Redemption Products', 
'Protection Products', 'Bonus Products', 'Reverse Convertible', 'Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products', 'Dual Currency Product', 'Tracker Product', 'Discount Product', 'Leverage Product', 
'Outperformance Product', 'Long/Short Product', 'Dispersion Product' or 'Steepener Product'. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the price source, providing the 
relevant price of the Settlement FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product, the amount payable on the Redemption 
Date as determined in accordance with the relevant sub-paragraph of these Payout Conditions 
that is applicable to the Product. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue Terms, the 
next following Business Day); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following either (A) the Final Fixing Date or (B) 
the later of (I) the Final Fixing Date and (II) the Settlement FX Fixing Date, as 
specified in the Issue Terms and in each case, if the Final Fixing Dates and/or 
Settlement FX Dates fall on different dates for different Underlyings, the number 
of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect the Delivery Underlying, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × Settlement Fixing Level 
(b) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × (Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate) 
"Residual Fraction" means, in respect of a Product and the Delivery Underlying, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the Conversion Ratio minus the 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded). 
"Settlement Fixing Level" means the Final Fixing Level of the Delivery Underlying. 
"Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, 
the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement FX Fixing Date" means the Final Fixing Date in respect of the Delivery 
Underlying, provided that the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions will apply to such 
date as if such date was an Underlying Valuation Date.

--- Page 283 ---
Payout Conditions 
282 
 
"Settlement FX Rate" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying and a Settlement FX Fixing 
Date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement 
Currency the Settlement FX Rate in respect of such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"Settlement Initial Level" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a) the Initial 
Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the Issue 
Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with any of (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or 
(h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall also be 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Level of such Underlying in respect of the 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date; 
(d) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(e) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date; or 
(f) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(g) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of all Initial Lookback Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of the Initial Lookback Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of 
Strike Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue Terms 
for such Underlying in respect of the Strike Level AND PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined 
Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in 
the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial 
Fixing Level is determined. 
"Tracker Products" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Currency" means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified as such in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable):

--- Page 284 ---
Payout Conditions 
283 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions.

--- Page 285 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
284 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Share Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Share on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Share in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices),  
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The

--- Page 286 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
285 
 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates  
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Shares in the basket (each such Share an 
"Affected Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Share in the basket that is not an Affected Share, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined 
level of such Affected Share(s) in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Share may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Share, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and

--- Page 287 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
286 
 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Share, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date 
or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to 
the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Share), which may, but need not, be determined 
by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender 
Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Share traded thereon and (B) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such 
adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Share), which may, but need not, be determined 
by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency 
or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Share traded thereon 
and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).  
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Share Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Share Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the

--- Page 288 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
287 
 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share). Upon making any such 
adjustment, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and 
giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant 
event or any action taken; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in 
respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms

--- Page 289 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
288 
 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Share 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver and/or a Reduced Number of 
Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Share or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of 
such Share on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in 
the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on

--- Page 290 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
289 
 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Share in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to 
a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Share Price; 
(b) 
Opening Share Price;

--- Page 291 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
290 
 
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, 
or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official opening share price 
of such Share on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other securities of 
another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as 
an extraordinary dividend;

--- Page 292 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
291 
 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the 
purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price for such Share, as determined 
and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, each 
share specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and

--- Page 293 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
292 
 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Share.  
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following: (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Share, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, an amount equal 
to the volume weighted average price for such Share as displayed on the Exchange as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided 
in the Share Linked Conditions.

--- Page 294 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
293 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS  
The provisions of these Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions shall apply to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Participation Certificate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Participation Certificate (and if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Participation Certificate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Participation 
Certificate in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 295 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
294 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Participation Certificates in the basket (each such 
Participation Certificates an "Affected Participation Certificate" in respect of such 
Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Participation Certificates in the basket that is not an Affected 
Participation Certificate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the 
definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Participation Certificate(s) in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Participation Certificate may 
be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity 
Event is in existence in respect of such Affected Participation Certificate or (b) the day that is 
60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such 
Participation Certificate and if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged 
to):

--- Page 296 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
295 
 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Participation Certificate, the following will apply:  
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date 
or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to 
the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such 
Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the 
Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such 
adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on 
the Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Condition 2.1 or

--- Page 297 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
296 
 
2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions in relation to each 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving 
brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action 
taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in 
respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent

--- Page 298 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
297 
 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products and each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption and/or an Insolvency Filing, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Participation Certificate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Participation Certificate or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official closing 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Participation Certificate ceases (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Participation Certificate or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the exchange or the quotation 
system as specified in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Participation Certificate 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Participation Certificate on such

--- Page 299 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
298 
 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such 
Participation Certificate on the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Participation Certificate in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Participation Certificates. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the Participation Certificate Issuer (a) all the shares of such Participation 
Certificate Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (b) holders of shares of such Participation Certificate Issuer become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the Participation 
Certificate Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered 
office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Participation Certificate 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 300 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
299 
 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Participation Certificate trades on the relevant Exchange 
at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant day, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Participation Certificate and such 
day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or 
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the occurrence or 
existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any (a) reclassification or 
change of any share of the Participation Certificate Issuer that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
exchange of the shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer with or into another entity or person 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such shares (other than 
such shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Participation Certificate Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding shares (other than shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue 
Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that all the shares of the 
Participation Certificate Issuer or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Participation 
Certificate Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official opening 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions.  
"Participation Certificate (Genussscheine)" or "Participation Certificate" means, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions,

--- Page 301 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
300 
 
each participation certificate (Genussscheine) specified as such in the Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Participation Certificate Issuer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the issuer of 
such Participation Certificate.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant shares of the Participation 
Share Issuer (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such shares of the Preference Share Issuer to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Participation 
Certificates and/or shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer ("Ordinary Shares") of 
(i) such Participation Certificate and/or Ordinary Shares or (ii) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Participation Certificate Issuer equally or proportionately or (iii) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Participation Certificate Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or 
(iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Participation Certificate Issuer in respect of relevant shares that are not fully 
paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the respective Participation Certificate Issuer or any of its affiliates of 
relevant shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Participation Certificate Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Participation Certificate Issuer pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event 
shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights;  
(g) 
an amendment or adjustment of the conditions of the Participation Certificate; or 
(h) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Participation Certificates. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, each exchange or 
quotation system, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Participation Certificate. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a price for such 
Participation Certificate, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for 
the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours.

--- Page 302 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
301 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion 
or other means, more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer) 
are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Participation Certificate on such Exchange 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange 
Business Day for such Participation Certificate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Participation Certificate, in each 
case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the time at which the official 
closing price of such Participation Certificate is calculated on and published by the Exchange. 
If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, 
an amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Participation Certificate as 
displayed on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 303 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
302 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Index Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Index on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Index in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 304 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
303 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Indices in the basket (each such Index an 
"Affected Index" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Index in the basket that is not an Affected Index, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined 
level of such Affected Index(ices) in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Index may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Index or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Successor Index Sponsor, Successor Index and Index Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index 
(a) 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (a "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, 
and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case that 
index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
If either of the events described in (a) above have occurred, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other

--- Page 305 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
304 
 
terms of the Products to account for such Successor Index. Upon making any such 
adjustment the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors, giving 
details of the adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (b) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).  
2.2 
Index Adjustment Events 
(a) 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material 
effect on the Products and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount using, in lieu of a 
published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation, but using only those 
securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to that event and shall notify the 
Investors thereof (in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices)). None of the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility in 
respect of any error or omission or subsequent correction made in the calculation or 
publication of an index, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Index Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Index Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed

--- Page 306 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
305 
 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in 
respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
In the event that a Relevant Level is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Level") is published by the Index Sponsor on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of 
which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Level, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Level, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Level. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is an Index: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Index composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of the components contained an Index, (ii) the use of an Index or one 
of the components contained in an Index has become illegal or (iii) the Hedging Entity will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including,

--- Page 307 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
306 
 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Index Linked Conditions.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, any exchange or quotation system, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the components contained in such Index has relocated or temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the components underlying such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Delivery Settlement Price" or "EDSP" means, in respect of an Index and any 
relevant time on any relevant day, the official exchange delivery settlement price of such Index 
at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on, any relevant 
Exchange for securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index, or (b) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, that the Hedging Entity is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from 
the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Index (or components thereof) in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery

--- Page 308 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
307 
 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Index or its components. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions, each index specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an Index, each of an Index Cancellation, an 
Index Disruption or an Index Modification. 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor permanently cancels the 
Index or the Index may no longer be used as a consequence of new regulatory provisions and 
no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, on any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the level 
of the Index. 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or method of calculating that Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation 
and other routine events). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
(i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and (ii) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
official level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index 
Sponsor and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such Index and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Index Level;  
(b) 
Intraday Level;  
(c) 
Opening Index Level; or 
(d) 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence of (a) a 
Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, (c) an Early Closure or (d) an Illiquidity Event. For the purpose of determining whether 
a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the

--- Page 309 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
308 
 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Opening Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official opening level of 
such Index on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index 
Linked Conditions.  
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and 
published by the Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to calculate and publish the level of such Index. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Index on any relevant Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Index. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of an Index, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Index, the time at which the official closing level of 
such Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor (or Index Calculation Agent, as 
applicable).

--- Page 310 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
309 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions shall apply to Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Depositary Receipt and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Depositary Receipt (and if the Issue Terms specify that 
this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Depositary 
Receipt on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Depositary Receipt in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 311 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
310 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Depositary Receipts in the basket (each such 
Depositary Receipt an "Affected Depositary Receipt" in respect of such Underlying 
Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Depositary Receipt in the basket that is not an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level 
on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of such Affected Depositary Receipt(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Depositary Receipt may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Depositary Receipt or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) 
above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
such day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the terms of the Deposit Agreement are amended or supplemented following a Potential 
Adjustment Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in relation to the relevant 
Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Depositary Receipt 
and, if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to):

--- Page 312 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
311 
 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Depositary Receipt, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date 
or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to 
the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or to the Depositary Receipt), 
which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to 
options on the relevant Underlying Share or on the Depositary Receipt traded 
thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such 
adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or the Depositary Receipt), 
which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the Underlying Share or on the Depositary Receipt 
traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Consequences of a termination of the Deposit Agreement 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination:

--- Page 313 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
312 
 
(a) 
(i) 
references to the Depositary Receipt shall be replaced by references to the 
Underlying Shares; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms and will 
determine the effective date of such replacement and adjustments; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.4 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2.1 to 2.3) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Depositary 
Receipt Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected 
Depositary Receipt")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
 replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or Depositary 
Receipt); or

--- Page 314 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
313 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in 
respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, each of Increased Cost of 
Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver 
and/or a Reduced Number of Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Depositary Receipt composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official closing price 
of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked 
Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Depositary Receipt or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union).  
"Deposit Agreement" means the agreement or other instrument constituting the Depositary 
Receipts, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 315 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
314 
 
"Depositary Receipt" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt 
Linked Conditions, each security representing shares specified as such in the Issue Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in 
the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its 
reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Depositary 
Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
exchange or quotation system); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Underlying Share, the exchange on which the Underlying Share is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a 
Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Depositary Receipts in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations

--- Page 316 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
315 
 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Depositary Receipts. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to 
a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Depositary Receipt trades on the relevant Exchange at such 
time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Depositary Receipt and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Depositary Receipt, (i) the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading 
Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, (C) an Early Closure, in each case in relation to the Depositary Receipt, 
(D) an Illiquidity Event or (ii) the existence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to 
the relevant Underlying Share; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such Underlying 
Share. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 317 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
316 
 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official opening 
price of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other securities of 
another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock

--- Page 318 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
317 
 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Share. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the 
purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a price for such 
Depositary Receipt, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the 
Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means (a) for the determination whether a Potential Adjustment Event, a Merger Event, 
a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation or an Insolvency has occurred, the Underlying Share and (b) 
for all other purposes, the Underlying Share and the Depositary Receipt. 
"Share Issuer" means the company that has issued the Underlying Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Share" means the relevant share represented by the Depositary Receipt, as issued 
by the relevant Share Issuer.

--- Page 319 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
318 
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Business 
Day for such Depositary Receipt 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Depositary Receipt, in each case, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an 
amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Depositary Receipt as displayed 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.

--- Page 320 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
319 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Commodity Linked Conditions shall apply to Commodity Linked Products in 
respect of each Underlying which is a Commodity. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Commodity and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Commodity (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition 
shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Commodity 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Commodity in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 321 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
320 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Commodities in the basket (each such 
Commodity an "Affected Commodity" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Commodity in the basket that is not an Affected Commodity, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Commodity, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of such Affected Commodity(ies) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Commodity may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Commodity or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
(a) 
If the quotation of or trading in the Commodity on the Reference Market or the 
publication of the relevant price of the Commodity by the Price Source is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently the quotation or trading is maintained or is commenced 
on another reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant 
price of the Commodity is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price 
Source"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the Substitute Reference 
Market as the new Reference Market and/or the Substitute Price Source as the Price 
Source through publication in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 322 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
321 
 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Reference Market 
and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference 
Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no substitution as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16, in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Changes in the Commodity 
(a) 
If at any time the Commodity is terminated and/or replaced by another value or if the 
Commodity is traded in a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g., with a 
different degree of purity or a different point of origin) or in a different standard 
measuring unit, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent are entitled to make an adjustment 
to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation Agent is appropriate to 
reflect the amendments and/or to replace the Commodity with a successor commodity 
(the "Successor Commodity") which is economically equivalent to the original relevant 
concept of the Commodity.  
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the Commodity 
by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development of the 
reference value(s) underlying the Products. The Successor Commodity and the date of 
its initial application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any reference in the Conditions to the Commodity shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to the Successor Commodity. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to 
be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day 
of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Commodity Linked Condition 2.1 and 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Commodity 
Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Commodity")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket

--- Page 323 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
322 
 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 2, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 
16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in 
respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to paid to each Investor in respect of 
each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by the Reference 
Market on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or 
delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination 
in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant 
Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable 
or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected 
Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Commodity Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Commodity: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Permanent Market Disruption Event, an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Commodity composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority

--- Page 324 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
323 
 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Commodity or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked 
Conditions, each commodity or commodity futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
"Commodity Reference Price" means, on any day in respect of a Commodity, the relevant 
price per unit of such Commodity displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by 
the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the Commodity Linked Conditions.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event, except for a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable), has occurred. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Commodity in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the Commodity. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and any date, the Commodity Reference Price in 
respect of such Commodity and such date. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
(i) the failure of a Reference Market or Price Source to announce or publish a price 
relevant for the Products; or (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source; or (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price relevant for the Products (notwithstanding the 
availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the Commodity); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading in the Commodity on the relevant 
Reference Market or in futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded;

--- Page 325 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
324 
 
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading, (i) in the 
Commodity on the Reference Market or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
Commodity on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(d) 
the occurrence since the Initial Fixing Date of a material change (i) in the formula for or 
method of calculating the price relevant for the Products; or (ii) in the content, 
composition or constitution of the Commodity or of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Commodity;  
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
the Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or 
tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or 
lower a relevant price on a Underlying Valuation Date from what it would have been 
without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Market 
Disruption Event, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity, the price source specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Commodity, the reference market or the quotation 
system specified as such in the Issue Terms, any successor to such reference market or quotation 
system or any substitute reference market or quotation system to which trading in the 
Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in 
its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Commodity on such 
temporary substitute reference market or quotation system as on the original reference market). 
"Reference Market Business Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Reference Market calculates and publishes a Relevant Underlying Price or, 
as the case may be, the Price Source publishes a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, a price for such Commodity, 
as determined and published by the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price or, as the case may 
be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, a Reference Market Business 
Day for such Commodity. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Commodity, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 326 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
325 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Currency Exchange Rate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Currency Exchange Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall 
apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 327 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
326 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Currency Exchange Rates in the basket (each 
such Currency Exchange Rate an "Affected Currency Exchange Rate" in respect of 
such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Currency Exchange Rate in the basket that is not an Affected Currency 
Exchange Rate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition 
of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Currency Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate(s) in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Currency Exchange Rate may 
be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity 
Event is in existence in respect of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate or (b) the day that is 
60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has occurred 
on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Currency Exchange Rate or in the 
composition or weighting of the price or other reference parameters upon which the Currency

--- Page 328 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
327 
 
Exchange Rate is based on (as compared to the Issue Date) shall not lead to an adjustment unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that, as a result of the changes (including corrections), the 
underlying concept and calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to 
the underlying concept or calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such 
change. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of the Currency Exchange 
Rate and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine an adjusted 
value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate which shall be used for the determination of the 
relevant price of the Currency Exchange Rate for the Products and which in its economic result 
shall correspond to the provisions prior to this change. The Calculation Agent shall also 
determine the day on which the adjusted value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate shall 
apply for the first time, taking into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value 
per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate and the date of its first application shall be published 
pursuant to General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with the Currency Exchange 
Rate 
If any Relevant Currency (the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the 
country(ies) or jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues 
such currency is replaced by another currency or merged with another currency to become a 
common currency (in each case, the "Successor Currency"), the Affected Currency shall be 
replaced, for the purposes of these Conditions, by the Successor Currency provided that, if 
applicable, the appropriate adjustments according to paragraph 2.2 above have been made. The 
Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices).  
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Affected Currency shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency. 
2.4 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), provided that the Issuer has not terminated the 
Products in accordance with these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices) within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the 
quotation of or trading in such Relevant Currency on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected 
Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or

--- Page 329 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
328 
 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the 
relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give 
such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
 make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility relevant to 
the Currency Exchange Rate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in

--- Page 330 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
329 
 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 
2.5 of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Base Currency/Cross Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Currency Exchange Rate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any Relevant Currency, or (y) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Cross Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency 
Exchange Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Cross Currency, which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Currency Exchange Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Conditions, in respect of any day, an exchange rate of one currency for 
another currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market is open for trading during its regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 331 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
330 
 
"Currency Exchange Reference Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions, PROVIDED THAT, if 'Derived Exchange Rate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Currency Exchange Reference Rate shall be the Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts 
thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
quotient of the (i) Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price; and (ii) the Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price, in each case in respect of such day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the 
closure on any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Reference Market on such Currency Exchange Rate Business Day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the relevant currency/ies in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the relevant currency/ies. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate and any relevant day, the Currency 
Exchange Reference Rate in respect of such Currency Exchange Rate and such day.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of a Currency Exchange Rate 
relevant for the Products on the Reference Market or by the relevant Price Source; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the Relevant Country, the latter of 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Products; 
(c) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines material in respect of the Products in either:

--- Page 332 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
331 
 
(i) 
a Relevant Currency on the Reference Market; or 
(ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on 
banking activities in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any 
other reasons; 
(d) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(e) 
a Relevant Country either:  
(i) 
imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls on any 
relevant currency; or  
(ii) 
implements or announces its intention to implement any laws or regulations; or  
(iii) 
changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or administration 
of any laws or regulations,  
where in each case, the Calculation Agent determines that such event mentioned in 
paragraph (e)(i), (e)(ii) and (e)(iii) of this definition of Market Disruption Event is likely 
to affect the ability of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to 
acquire, hold, transfer or realise any Relevant Currency or otherwise to effect 
transactions in relation to such Relevant Currency; 
(f) 
an event which the Calculation Agent determines would make it impossible for the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, impair or delay the 
performance of the following activities: 
(i) 
converting a Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency or any other 
currency through customary legal channels or transferring within or from any 
Relevant Country a Relevant Currency due to the imposition by such Relevant 
Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such conversion or transfer, as 
the case may be; 
(ii) 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency or into the 
Settlement Currency or any other currency at a rate at least as favourable as the 
rate for domestic financial institutions located in the Relevant Country; 
(iii) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Country to 
accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
(iv) 
transferring a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant Country 
or to a party that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country; 
(g) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to: 
(i) 
obtain market values for a Relevant Currency; or 
(ii) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange where such contracts are 
usually traded; or 
(h) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the price source, providing the relevant price

--- Page 333 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
332 
 
of the Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price, specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the reference market specified as 
such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Country" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country (or political 
or regulatory authority thereof) which:  
(a) 
has a Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency; and  
(b) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material connection with a Relevant 
Currency. 
"Relevant Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency used to 
determine the level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a rate for such Currency 
Exchange Rate, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Settlement Currency" means the settlement currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the Reference 
Market and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference 
Market on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which 
the Reference Market is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day for such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Currency Exchange Rate, in each 
case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 334 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
333 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Futures Contract Linked Conditions shall apply to Futures Contract Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Futures Contract. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Futures Contract and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Futures Contract (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Futures 
Contract on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Futures Contract in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 335 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
334 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Futures Contracts in the basket (each such Futures 
Contract an "Affected Futures Contract" in respect of such Underlying Valuation 
Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Futures Contract in the basket that is not an Affected Futures Contract, 
the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of such Affected Futures Contract(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Futures Contract may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Futures Contract or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) 
above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
such day).  
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
If the quotation of or trading in a Futures Contract on the Reference Market or the publication 
of the relevant price of such Futures Contract by the Price Source is permanently discontinued 
while the quotation or trading is concurrently maintained or is commenced on another reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of such Futures Contract 
is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to stipulate such Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market 
and/or such Substitute Price Source as the new Price Source through publication in accordance

--- Page 336 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
335 
 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the 
Conditions to the Reference Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to 
the Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
2.2 
Changes in the Futures Contract 
If at any time (a) a Futures Contract is terminated and/or replaced by another value or (b) the 
relevant contract characteristics and/or conditions of such Futures Contract or the value 
underlying such Futures Contract are changed, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may, but are 
not obliged to, make an adjustment to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation 
Agent is appropriate to reflect the events described in (a) and (b) of this paragraph 2.2 and/or to 
replace such Futures Contract with a successor futures contract (the "Successor Futures 
Contract") which is economically equivalent to the original concept of such Futures Contract.  
As the case may be, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the 
Futures Contract by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development 
of the reference value(s) underlying the Products. 
The Successor Futures Contract and the date of its initial application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). Any reference in the Conditions to the Futures 
Contract shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Futures Contract. 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Futures Contract 
Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket 
Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken.

--- Page 337 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
336 
 
2.5 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 or 2.2 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day 
prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the 
Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to 
be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any 
such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected 
Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment 
and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Futures 
Contract Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Futures Contract: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption and/or a Permanent Market Disruption Event, in each case, if specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 of these 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Futures Contract composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal

--- Page 338 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
337 
 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Futures Contract or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
a relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event (other than a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable)) has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the exchange or the quotation system as 
specified in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Futures Contract has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Futures Contract on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Futures Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, each futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Futures Contract in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in 
whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Futures Contract. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant time on any relevant 
day, the price at which such Futures Contract trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Futures Contract and such day: 
(a) 
Intraday Price. 
(b) 
Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following:

--- Page 339 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
338 
 
(a) 
either (i) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish a price of such Futures 
Contract relevant for the Products, (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source or (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price of such Futures Contract relevant for the 
Products (notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading (i) in such Futures Contract on the 
Exchange or (ii) on the Exchange in general;  
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading (i) in 
such Futures Contract on the Exchange or (ii) on the Exchange in general; 
(d) 
a material change (as compared to the circumstances as at the Initial Fixing Date) in (i) 
the formula for or method of calculating a price of such Futures Contract relevant for the 
Products, or (ii) the content, composition or constitution of such Futures Contract or of 
the underlying on which such Futures Contract is based; or 
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
such Futures Contract or the underlying on which such Futures Contract is based (other 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is 
to raise or lower a relevant price on an Underlying Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any one or 
more of the events set out in the definition of Market Disruption Event in these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, considered 
to be permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the price source specified as such in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the reference market specified as 
such in the Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a price for such Futures 
Contract, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any day on which the 
Exchange is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price of such Futures 
Contract or, as the case may be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish the a Relevant 
Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, on any day in respect of a Futures Contract, the official settlement 
price of such Futures Contract on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day,

--- Page 340 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
339 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business Day 
for such Futures Contract. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Futures Contract, in each case, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Futures Contract is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 341 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
340 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions shall apply 
to Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Instrument and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Instrument (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Instrument 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Instrument in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 342 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
341 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings' in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Instruments in the basket (each such Instrument 
an "Affected Instrument" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Instrument in the basket that is not an Affected Instrument, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Instrument, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined 
level of such Affected Instrument(s) in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Instrument may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Instrument or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material change in the market conditions has 
occurred on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Changes in the calculation of the Instrument 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of an Instrument shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Calculation Agent determines that as a result of the changes (including 
corrections) the underlying concept and calculation of such Instrument is no longer comparable 
to the underlying concept or calculation applicable to such Instrument prior to such change.

--- Page 343 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
342 
 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of such Instrument and/or its 
substitution by another underlying or the Delisting of such Instrument. 
For the purposes of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjusted 
value of such Instrument which shall be used for the determination of the relevant price of such 
Instrument for the Products that, in its economic result, shall correspond to the provisions prior 
to this change, and shall determine the day on which the adjusted value of such Instrument shall 
apply for the first time taking into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value of 
the Instrument and the date of its first application shall be published pursuant to General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Termination, early redemption, replacement or adjustment to the terms and conditions of 
the Instrument 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated and/or redeemed early or replaced by another 
Instrument, provided that such circumstance does not occur in connection with any insolvency 
or general settlement proceedings or other similar proceedings of the issuer of the Instrument(s), 
or in the event of changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument(s), the Instrument(s) 
may be replaced for the purposes of these Conditions by another financial instrument (the 
"Successor Instrument"), if necessary, after the appropriate adjustments (if any) according to 
paragraph 2.2 have been made. The Successor Instrument and the date of its first application 
shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Instrument shall, to the extent permitted by 
the context, be deemed to refer to the Successor Instrument. 
2.4 
Replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in the Instrument(s) on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is started up or maintained concurrently on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices)within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the 
quotation of or trading in the Instrument on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition 
2.1 to 2.4) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Fixed Rate or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition in relation to each of 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged, to 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the

--- Page 344 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
343 
 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment 
and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or 
any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Reference Market on or before the Business Day prior 
to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer 
or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be 
made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any 
such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected 
Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment 
and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions

--- Page 345 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
344 
 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products and each Underlying 
which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 of 
these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Instrument composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of an Instrument or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official closing price of such 
Instrument on the Reference Market as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an Instrument, that the relevant Reference Market announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, such Instrument ceases (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on a market or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Reference Market (or, where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Derivative Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each instrument specified as such in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of an Instrument, the closure on 
any Trading Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Trading Day. 
"Fixed Rate Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each fixed rate instrument specified 
as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products.

--- Page 346 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
345 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative Instruments in a sufficient amount to meet its 
payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment 
date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative 
Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Instrument" means a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument, as the case may be. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant time on any relevant day, 
the price at which such Instrument trades on the relevant Reference Market at such time on such 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Instrument and such day: 
(a) 
Opening Price; 
(b) 
Closing Price; or 
(c) 
Intraday Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Instrument, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of an Instrument relevant for 
the Products on the Reference Market; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of trading (the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material in respect of the Products) (i) of such Instrument on the Reference 
Market, (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Instrument on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are usually traded or (iii) due to a directive of an authority 
or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on banking activities in the country 
where the Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons;  
(c) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(d) 
at any time, an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (i) to obtain market values for such 
Instrument, (ii) to sell or transfer such Instrument or to exercise the rights conveyed by 
such Instrument or (iii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to such Instrument on a futures exchange where such contracts 
are usually traded; 
(e) 
any event other than those listed at paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition of Market 
Disruption Event which, in its consequences, is commercially comparable to those 
events; 
(f) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the country where the Reference 
Market is located and which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of 
the Products; or 
(g) 
an Illiquidity Event.

--- Page 347 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
346 
 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official opening price of 
such Instrument on the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions.  
"Reference Market" means the reference market specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an Instrument, a price for such Instrument, 
as determined and published by the Reference Market, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Reference Market and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Reference Market is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Trading Day for such 
Instrument. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of an Instrument, in each case, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Instrument is calculated on and published by the Reference Market. If the 
Reference Market closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time.

--- Page 348 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
347 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these ETF Linked Conditions shall apply to ETF Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an ETF Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single ETF Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the ETF Share 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the ETF Share in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 349 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
348 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more ETF Shares in the basket (each such ETF Share 
an "Affected ETF Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each ETF Share in the basket that is not an Affected ETF Share, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected ETF Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined 
level of such Affected ETF Share(s) in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected ETF Share may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected ETF Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur and such Potential Adjustment Event Adjustment has a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of an ETF Share, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not 
obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or

--- Page 350 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
349 
 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event and 
exchange contracts on the ETF Shares that are traded on such Related Exchange; 
or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 2.1 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective 
date of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
(A) undertake those adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, 
as the case may be, regarding the calculation methods, the settlement or payment 
or other terms in respect of the Products to account for the effects of such 
Extraordinary Event in respect of the Products and (B) determine the effective 
date of these adjustments; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make pursuant 
to paragraph 2.2(a)(i) above leads to a commercially reasonable result, then the 
Calculation Agent may select: 
(A) 
another fund that is in the same currency and has the same investment 
objective as the relevant Fund (the "Replacement Fund"); and 
(B) 
the applicable day (the "Fund Replacement Date") for the replacement 
of the relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund (for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Calculation Agent may set the Fund Replacement Date as any 
date, including any date before the occurrence of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event or the Issue Date), 
in which case, (I) the Replacement Fund replaces the Relevant Fund on the Fund 
Replacement Date, (II) references herein to the Fund are deemed, from the Fund 
Replacement Date, to be references to the Replacement Fund and (III) the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion undertakes the appropriate 
adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, as the case may be, 
regarding the calculation methods, the valuation, settlement or payment terms in 
respect of the Products to account for such substitution; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2.2 
shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date of such adjustment, 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 351 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
350 
 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in ETF Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such ETF Linked Condition in relation 
to each of such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not 
obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such 
Additional Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends or liquidity relevant to the Fund); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 3 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices

--- Page 352 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
351 
 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of ETF 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is an ETF Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each ETF Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of an ETF Share or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Constitutional Document(s)" means, in respect of a Fund, the document(s) constituting the 
Trust. 
"Delisting" means, in respect an ETF Share, that such ETF Shares cease or have ceased to be 
admitted to trade on the Exchange and that such ETF Shares have not been admitted to trade on 
another Exchange that the Calculation Agent considers to be a suitable substitute Exchange. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the closure on any Exchange Trading Day 
of one or more relevant Exchange(s) or one or more Related Exchange(s) prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Trading Day 
and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Trading Day. 
"ETF" means an exchange traded fund.  
"ETF Share" mean, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated

--- Page 353 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
352 
 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an event (other than an Early 
Exchange Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to (a) effect transactions in such ETF Shares or obtain market 
values on the Exchange for such ETF Shares or (b) effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts on such ETF Share on a relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each of (a) an Insolvency in respect 
of the Fund, its Management Company or a depository or another of the Fund's service 
providers, (b) a Merger Event, (c) a Delisting or (d) a Termination of the Trust in respect of the 
related Fund. 
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in the 
Issue Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Reference Index" means the index specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Reference Index Sponsor" means the sponsor of the Fund Reference Index, as specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the ETF Shares in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the ETF Shares 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a relevant entity, that such entity:  
(a) 
is wound up (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or takeover);  
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable or fails to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due;  
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors;

--- Page 354 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
353 
 
(d) 
either: 
(i) 
institutes or has instituted against it a petition by a regulator, regulatory body or 
other body with primary responsibility for insolvency, restructuring or 
supervision in the country in which its head office is registered or established, 
whereby a judgment is sought for insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
affecting creditors' rights or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by itself or such regulator, regulatory body or such similar body; or  
(ii) 
has brought a petition against itself seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
applicable relief affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and the petition or other application is instituted or 
made by a person or agent that is not named under (d)(i) of this definition of 
Insolvency and either:  
(A) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or  
(B) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
fifteen calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;  
(e) 
has passed a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, Trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets;  
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
fifteen calendar days thereafter; 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(g) of this definition; or 
(i) 
takes actions that promote any of the foregoing processes or agrees to, consents to or 
permits the same. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such ETF trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Intraday Price; or 
(c) 
Opening Price. 
"Management Company" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
management company specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of:

--- Page 355 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
354 
 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent regards as material in respect of the Products, at any time during the one-hour 
period immediately before the relevant Valuation Time;  
(b) 
an Early Exchange Closure; or 
(c) 
an Illiquidity Event, 
PROVIDED THAT, if in respect of an event that would otherwise be a Market Disruption 
Event occurs only two hours prior to the time of the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on the relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on the relevant Exchange Trading 
Day, the Calculation Agent may determine that such event is not considered material in respect 
of the relevant ETF Share. In such case such event shall not be a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such ETF Share and, in respect of the relevant day, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the corresponding level of such ETF Share and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day.  
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any of:  
(a) 
reclassification or other change to the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person;  
(b) 
a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange in 
which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); 
(c) 
takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares 
(other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund or its affiliates with 
or into another entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event in each case if the Merger 
Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official opening price of such 
ETF on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of ETF Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of such ETF Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of ETF Shares of:  
(i) 
such ETF Shares;

--- Page 356 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
355 
 
(ii) 
other participation rights or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares;  
(iii) 
participation rights or securities of another unit issuer acquired or owned (directly 
or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or  
(iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or options or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a distribution per ETF Share which the Calculation Agent determines to be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Fund in respect of ETF Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its affiliates of ETF Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
an event occurs that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock other units of the Fund pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event 
shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights; 
(g) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such ETF Shares; or 
(h) 
an adjustment to the calculation terms of exchange contracts in respect of such ETF 
Shares that are traded on a Related Exchange. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, those options or futures exchanges 
on which options or futures contracts are regularly traded on the units of the Fund, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, and (in each case) any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading is temporarily carried out in 
futures or options contracts on such ETF Shares (to the extent as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the temporary substitute exchange or quotation system the liquidity for the futures and 
options contracts on ETF Shares is comparable with the liquidity of the original Related 
Exchange). 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a price for such ETF Share, 
as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on the Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Termination of the Trust" means, in respect of a Fund, where pursuant to the Constitutional 
Document(s) the Trust has been terminated or amended in another way, including (but not 
limited to):

--- Page 357 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
356 
 
(a) 
the rescission of the Constitutional Document(s) by the Management Company or the 
Trustee or the termination of the calculation and publication of the Fund Reference Index 
by the Fund Reference Index Sponsor; 
(b) 
a decision of a competent authority on the rescission or cancellation of the Constitutional 
Document(s) or the Trust; and/or 
(c) 
a decision of a competent authority on the (i) rescission or suspension of the applicable 
licence of the Management Company that is necessary for the administration of the Fund 
or (ii) unwinding of the Management Company.  
Throughout the life of a Fund the replacement of the Management Company or the substitution 
of the Trustee by a substitute Trustee shall not lead to the Termination of the Trust and any such 
replacement investment Management Company and any such substitute Trustee shall be 
regarded as the Management Company or Trustee as from the date on which such replacement 
or substitution takes effect. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise (a) relating to ETF Shares on the Exchange, (b) in futures or options contracts on 
the ETF Shares on a relevant Related Exchange or (c) in ETF Shares or other securities of an 
ETF in respect of the relevant Funds Reference Index on the Exchange or a Related Exchange, 
if in any of these cases the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that such 
suspension or limitation is material. 
"Trust" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the trust which constitutes the 
Fund or the company or another vehicle under which the ETF Shares are issued by the Fund. 
"Trustee(s)" means the trustees for the beneficial owners of the Fund. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange Trading Day for 
such ETF Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the time at which the Exchange calculates 
and publishes the official closing price of such ETF Share. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time falls after the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session, the Valuation Time means the time of the actual close of trading.

--- Page 358 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
357 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Fund Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fund Unit. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Fund Unit (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Fund Unit 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Fund Unit in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket 
Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 359 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
358 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Fund Units in the basket (each such Fund Unit 
an "Affected Fund Unit" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Fund Unit in the basket that is not an Affected Fund Unit, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined 
level of such Affected Fund Unit(s) in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Fund Unit may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Fund Unit or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), if the Calculation 
Agent determines in its reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects 
the relevant Fund Unit or the calculation of the NAV of such Fund Unit: 
(a) 
(i) 
make any adjustments to any calculation methods, values or terms in respect of 
the Products that they determine at their reasonable discretion to be necessary to 
account for such Potential Adjustment Event; and/or 
(ii) 
select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) Business 
Days, one or more suitable alternative funds with reasonably similar investment

--- Page 360 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
359 
 
mandates (each a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by such 
Replacement Fund, subject to the satisfaction of all of the following suitability 
criteria: 
(A) 
the relevant fund management company(ies) and fund manager(s) are 
willing to allow the fund to be referenced in the Products; 
(B) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent can trade at net asset value or at bid 
price in the fund with no direct or indirect fee, levy or other charge 
whatsoever, including subscription or redemption penalties applicable, or 
potentially applicable, to any such trading or any interest so acquired; 
(C) 
the fund (or a relevant manager) publishes the fund's net asset value or bid 
price on a daily basis; and 
(D) 
the Hedging Entity is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the 
Replacement Fund as at the date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent elects to replace the Fund with the Replacement Fund; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (and paragraph 2.2 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the 
Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
If the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent elects to replace a Fund with a Replacement Fund, any 
reference to such Fund in these Fund Linked Conditions shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to such Replacement Fund. 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this Fund Linked 
Condition 2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fund Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Fund Linked Condition in relation 
to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not 
obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal 
of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); 
or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed

--- Page 361 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
360 
 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.3 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fund Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Correction of Values 
In the event that a Relevant Value is subsequently corrected and such correction (the "Corrected 
Value") is published on behalf of such Fund on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have been made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Value, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Value, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Value. The adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fund 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Fund Unit: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Fund Unit composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Fund Unit or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position).

--- Page 362 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
361 
 
"Denomination Currency" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the currency in which the NAV 
of such Fund Unit or the related Fund is published. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Fund" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit as specified in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Unit" means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit in such Fund, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fund in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Fund. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and any relevant day, the NAV in respect of such Fund 
Unit and such day. 
"Manager" means, in respect of a Fund, each of its manager, investment manager or any of its 
investment advisors. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any one of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of such Fund Unit or NAV;  
(b) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for such Fund Unit. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"NAV" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the net asset value calculated in accordance with the 
terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of such 
Fund. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and the related Fund, any one 
of the following events:

--- Page 363 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
362 
 
(a) 
a violation or change of any material terms of the offer documents or other documents 
prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund or each of its constitutional 
documents, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
is material; 
(b) 
the main investment objective of the Fund changes; 
(c) 
the Denomination Currency is changed and now differs from the Denomination Currency 
as at the Initial Fixing Date; 
(d) 
the NAV, as calculated by or on behalf of the Fund is not calculated or announced in 
respect of any Scheduled Trading Day within the time period that the Calculation Agent 
would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available in respect of such day; 
(e) 
the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, has decreased by 50 per cent. (either due to 
redemptions or decrease in value of such assets), over a period of twelve months; 
(f) 
the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect 
on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or would increase 
the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor to such 
extent that the full redemption in one single valid and timely redemption order of the 
Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to 
be impaired; 
(g) 
any restriction or limitation or suspension or deferral of trading of, or redemptions of or 
subscription for Fund Units affecting the Hedging Entity's ability to conduct its activities 
it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products (including, but not limited to, the introduction or 
increase of any associated fee, cost or expense, or any restructure, reorganisation or 
action that has a similar impact to a gate or side pocket), or any mandatory redemption 
of Fund Units; 
(h) 
the regulatory or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer, the Fund or any 
Manager is changed; 
(i) 
any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or its Managers, by a relevant 
regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator in 
consequence thereof; 
(j) 
any winding-up, liquidation of, or any termination or any loss of regulatory approval, 
licence or registration of, a Manager, or any merger, de-merger, winding-up or 
liquidation of or affecting the Fund; 
(k) 
any arrangement between the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent and the Fund and/or a 
Manager, including arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund 
Units, being changed or terminated; 
(l) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at their 
reasonable discretion, prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Hedging Entity's ability 
to conduct activities it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and 
performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products; 
(m) 
the notice period for subscriptions/redemption in the Fund Unit is modified in a 
significant manner and/or the subscriptions and/or redemptions in Fund Units are 
suspended, postponed or reduced (either in whole or in part), and/or the payments of 
redemption proceeds to be paid in respect of a redemption order are suspended, 
postponed, reduced (either in whole or in part) or paid by instalments, and/or the dividend 
and/or redemption payments are made (either in whole or in part) in kind rather than in

--- Page 364 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
363 
 
cash and/or the non-execution or partial execution by the Fund for any reason of a 
subscription or redemption order on the Fund Units; or 
(n) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units or on the NAV. 
"Relevant Value" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a value for such Fund Unit, as determined 
and published by or on behalf of the related Fund, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any day on which the NAV is 
scheduled to be calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or 
other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
NAV is calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other 
documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Trading Day for such Fund 
Unit 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund Unit, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.

--- Page 365 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
364 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of theses Reference Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Reference Rate Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Reference Rate. 
1. 
Determination of the Reference Rate  
The relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its reasonable discretion, determine the relevant level of 
the respective Reference Rate which appears on the relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant level of the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Screen Page or the 
relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of such Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on such Underlying Valuation Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations (rounded upward or 
downwards, if necessary, to the Quotation Rounding), 
PROVIDED THAT, if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested under 
paragraph 1(a) above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such 
day (any such determination made pursuant to this Reference Rate Linked Condition 1 
shall be notified to Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices)); or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has determined, in its reasonable discretion, that an Underlying 
Event has occurred, notwithstanding the provisions above in paragraphs 1(a) and (b) 
above, it is entitled: 
(i) 
if a successor reference rate has been determined for the respective Reference 
Rate by a public announcement issued by the administrator of the respective 
Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory and/or supervisory 
authority or a successor administrator, to set such rate as the successor reference 
rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and to use it instead of the respective 
Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date and on any subsequent 
Underlying Valuation Date for the Products; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate has not been determined by such announcement, to 
set as the successor reference rate a rate which is comparable to the respective 
Reference Rate at its reasonable discretion and taking into account market 
practices (the "Successor Reference Rate") and to use such Successor Reference 
Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date and any subsequent Underlying 
Valuation Date for the Products, where, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an appropriate rate exists which is generally accepted in the financial sector as the 
Successor Reference Rate for the respective Underlying and/or Basket 
Component, it will set such rate as the Successor Reference Rate for the Products 
and will use that Successor Reference Rate for the Products on the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT, in the event that a Successor Reference Rate is determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
be entitled to determine in its reasonable discretion the method for periodically 
determining the amount of the Successor Reference Rate and, if necessary, to make

--- Page 366 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
365 
 
adjustments to the provisions of the Conditions on which the Products are based with 
respect to the calculation of the Successor Reference Rate and the Coupon and the 
redemption of the Products in general, provided that only such adjustments are made that 
do not result in an economic disadvantage to the Investor. The determination of a 
Successor Reference Rate and any adjustments to the Conditions on which the Products 
are based pursuant to the preceding paragraphs as well as the respective effective dates 
thereof shall be announced by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) no determination as described in (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result; or (b) in the case 
of an Underlying Event, it is not possible to determine a Successor Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).  
2. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no determination as described in (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Screen Page on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Reference 
Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Reference Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by

--- Page 367 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
366 
 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of positions, contracts, instruments or arrangements in relation to a 
Reference Rate or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliates or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any relevant day, the Screen Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate and such day: 
"Quotation Rounding" means the rounding specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Reference Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions, each interest rate or reference rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate for such Reference Rate, as 
displayed on the Screen Page, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Screen Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Reference Rate, the relevant rate of such 
Reference Rate displayed on the relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions 
"Underlying Event" means (a) any permanent and final termination of the determination, 
provision or publication of the relevant Reference Rate by any administrator in circumstances 
where no successor administrator exists, or any other permanent and final discontinuation of the 
existence of the respective Underlying and/or Basket Component or (b) a material change in the 
methodology of determining or calculating the relevant rate of the respective Reference Rate as 
compared to the methodology used at the Issue Date if such change results in the respective rate, 
calculated in accordance with the new methodology, no longer representing, or being apt to 
represent adequately, the (original) rate or in terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the (original) rate determined or calculated in accordance with the methodology 
used at the Issue Date or (c) the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any 
administrative or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the relevant 
rate may no longer be used to determine the payment obligations under the Products, or pursuant 
to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences.

--- Page 368 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
367 
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a Business Day. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Reference Rate, in each case, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 369 ---
Form of Final Terms 
368 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms for each Series will include such of the following information as is applicable with 
respect to such Products. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Products are not intended, to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, any retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[In accordance with PR Art 8(11), insert the following (on first page) if intend to continue an offer 
following the expiry of the current Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus (as defined below) expires on 
26 September 2022. On or prior to [this date][insert earlier date if the update is brought forward], a 
succeeding base prospectus (the "2022 Base Prospectus") will be published on the website of Leonteq 
Securities, AG (www.leonteq.com). Thereafter, the offering of the Products will continue under the 2022 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions (and form of final terms) from the Base Prospectus will be 
incorporated by reference into the 2022 Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the Products.  
FINAL TERMS dated [⚫] 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
(incorporated in Guernsey) 
[Legal Entity Identifier: 549300L24J81P1RBL748] 
Guaranteed by 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
[Up 
to] 
[
⚫
] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal 
Tracker)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased Downside Risk]]]/[Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier [with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside

--- Page 370 ---
Form of Final Terms 
369 
 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with no 
FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call Warrant 
Product [with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[(Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[Leverage 
Certificate 
Products]/[Outperformance Product with Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag 
feature]/[Long/Short Product [with no Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee 
Deduction]/[with Outperformance Participation]]/[Dispersion Products]/[Steepener Product with 
Spread (Note or Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)][Steepener 
Product with Single Look (Warrant)] due [ ⚫] under the European Issuance and Offering 
Programme [the ["[Certificates]/[Notes]" or the] "Products"]/[(to be consolidated and to form a 
single series with the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued on [⚫][, the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued 
on [⚫]] [and the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued on [⚫]] under the European Issuance and Offering 
Programme (the Tranche [⚫] Products [and Tranche [⚫] Products]))]  
[Issue Price: [⚫] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
[Series: [⚫]] 
[Tranche: [⚫]] 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Products (the "Final Terms") [Insert if the Final Terms 
is filed in the EEA alone or in conjunction with a non-EEA jurisdiction] described herein for the purposes 
of Article 6(3) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and is prepared in connection with the European Issuance 
and Offering Programme (the "Programme") established by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) 
Limited (the "Issuer"). These Final Terms complete and should be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 September 2021 [, as supplemented on [⚫]] (the "Base Prospectus"), which 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. [Insert the following in 
respect of a new of final terms to be filed in order to continue an offer of Products initially made under 
the 2020 Base Prospectus (in accordance with the last paragraph of A1.6 of ESMA Q&A on the 
Prospectus Regulation): However, the terms and conditions of the Product will be as set out in the Base 
Prospectus dated [30 September 2019]/[28 September 2020] (the "Original Base Prospectus") of the 
Issuer under the Programme (as incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) and these Final 
Terms]Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Products is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Terms and Conditions 
of the Original Base Prospectus]. [A summary of the individual issue of the Products is annexed to these 
Final Terms.] 
The Products documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and are not subject 
to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None of the Products

--- Page 371 ---
Form of Final Terms 
370 
 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the 
supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided 
under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. 
[Insert for Offers in Switzerland. To be used if the Base Prospectus is not registered with a FinSA 
Prospectus Office in accordance with FinSA and, consequently, no offer to Retail Clients is possible.] 
[The Products documented in these Final Terms are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the 
meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to 
the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Products 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by 
addressing the Products solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or 
institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) as defined in the FinSA ("Professional or Institutional 
Clients").] 
[Insert for each offer in Switzerland which is a Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via 
FinSA Prospectus Recognition): to be used where an offer of the Products to Retail Clients in Switzerland 
is intended and the relevant requirements of FinSA are complied with accordingly.] [The Base 
Prospectus has been registered with a FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules of the FinSA and the 
Products documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, 
into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA 
("Retail Clients") in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the FinSA. Such offer of the 
Products to Retail Clients may only be made after the registration of the Programme with a FinSA 
Prospectus Office according to the rules of the FinSA. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available on [specify website] or may be requested as hard copies on request of the investor at [specify 
address].] 
[Final Terms will be prepared and deposited with the FinSA Prospectus Office in connection with each 
Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) (as described in 
"Important Legal Information – Offer in Switzerland" below).] 
The 
Base 
Prospectus, 
and 
any 
supplements 
thereto, 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://structuredproducts-ie.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses. Terms used herein shall have the same 
meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the applicable Underlying Specific 
Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date]) set forth 
in the Base Prospectus.  
[These Final Terms relate to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific Provisions 
for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Series of Products that are subject to these Final Terms and references to "Product" shall be construed 
accordingly.]  
[Make the following amendments in relation to a new set of final terms to be filed in order to continue 
an offer of Products initially made under the 2020 Base Prospectus (in accordance with the last 
paragraph of A1.6 of ESMA Q&A on the EU Prospectus Regulation): from the Form of Final Terms to 
the Original Base Prospectus (each as incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) replace all 
of the text below with (i) "Specification of the Product" together with the applicable text thereafter from 
such Form of Final Terms and (ii) Part I ("Information about the Terms and Conditions – Issue Specific 
Conditions") together with the applicable text and elections thereafter from such Form of Final Terms.]

--- Page 372 ---
Form of Final Terms 
371 
 
(Where the Final Terms cover two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different series. The relevant 
line item for any such variable contained in the Final Terms below the table entitled 'Specified Provisions for each Series' should include the following language: "In respect 
of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific Provisions for each Series' above")  
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other security 
code] 
[Series] 
[Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at 
the Issue Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]]

--- Page 373 ---
Form of Final Terms 
372 
 
PART A - OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Security Codes: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN Number: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Other Identifier: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)] 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg]  
[SIS [– identification number [⚫]]] (specify other; 
give name(s), address(es) and identification 
number(s)) 
[⚫] 
3. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Tranche [⚫] Products[, the 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products] [and the Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products [, the Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products] [and the Tranche [⚫] Products] until 
such time as the clearing systems recognise the 
Products to be fungible with the Tranche [⚫] 
Products[, the Tranche [⚫] Products] [and the 
Tranche [⚫] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement 
Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[⚫] [Investment Currency should only be chosen 
where Dual Currency Products is applicable.] 
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having 
the 
form 
of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [⚫] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[⚫]

--- Page 374 ---
Form of Final Terms 
373 
 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[⚫] 
8. 
Certificates: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Insert 
for 
Unit 
Certificates: 
Number of Products]/[Insert for 
Notional Certificates: Issue Size as 
at the Issue Date]: 
[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[⚫](Insert for Notional Certificates, otherwise 
delete) 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[[⚫] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ⚫] per cent. of the [Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from [⚫]] / [[Up 
to] [⚫] per Certificate [plus accrued interest from 
[⚫]][(including up to [⚫] distribution fees)[(no 
distribution fees included)]] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[ ⚫]/[[ ⚫] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing Date 
and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing Date][(or if 
such date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, the latest of such dates to 
occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 29 
(Tracker Products) below] 
13. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment 
date 
for 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product is 
quoted without the entitlement to the payment of 
the relevant interest amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
17. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]

--- Page 375 ---
Form of Final Terms 
374 
 
18. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US withholding 
tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer has determined 
that payments on the Products are subject to US 
withholding tax under section 871(m)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Payouts 
20. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[As specified in the table 
below] 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the Partial Redemption Date scheduled to 
fall on [⚫]], [⚫]  
(Repeat 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary) 
] 
21. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products]/[Twin 
Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual 
Currency 
Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product] 
22. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European Barrier 
with Increased Downside Risk]/[American 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with

--- Page 376 ---
Form of Final Terms 
375 
 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[American Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[Without 
Barrier]/[Without Barrier (Inverse) with High 
Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, if 
Not Applicable) 
 
- 
FX Rate (Initial) 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] [on 
the Initial Fixing Date [of such Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 377 ---
Form of Final Terms 
376 
 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]":] 
[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 
'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] 
date set forth in column entitled 'Coupon 
Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date 
[in Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]] [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect 
of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], each date specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the

--- Page 378 ---
Form of Final Terms 
377 
 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
[Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] [of 
such Underlying]]  
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger 
Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]

--- Page 379 ---
Form of Final Terms 
378 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
]]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date 
[in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]], [ ⚫
]]/[[Indicative,][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the 
]/[each] rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation 
Period(s)' 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Daily 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon 
Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above] the Lower Coupon 
Trigger Level [AND [below]/[at or below] the 
Upper Coupon Trigger Level] on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [⚫]: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their respective] Lower Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or below]

--- Page 380 ---
Form of Final Terms 
379 
 
[the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their respective] Lower Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(F) 
Upper 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫]] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
[Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] [of 
such Underlying]][Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(v) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 381 ---
Form of Final Terms 
380 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date 
[in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]], [ ⚫]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [falling in a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], the amount set 
forth in the column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified)

--- Page 382 ---
Form of Final Terms 
381 
 
 
[- 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [⚫
], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[ ⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation 
Period(s)' 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall [Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date]/[in respect 
of any Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in the relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level [on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date]/[in 
respect of any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date]

--- Page 383 ---
Form of Final Terms 
382 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.]] of the [Strike 
Level]/Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 
'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of [the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying] 
[excluding the Target One Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Final Fixing [Basket] Level of [the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying 
[excluding the Target One Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[and none of the Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target Level]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier Percentage on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period

--- Page 384 ---
Form of Final Terms 
383 
 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [In respect of any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period, 
the Barrier Fixing Level of a number of 
Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels]/[If the number of 
Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier 
Fixing Level on any Barrier Observation Date in 
the Barrier Observation Period has been 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings]] 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: Final Fixing Level of a number of 
Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than the 
total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]

--- Page 385 ---
Form of Final Terms 
384 
 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket 
Level or Twin Win Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products that are linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the [Strike Barrier 
Level]] 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products that are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of the 
[Worst] 
[Best] 
Performing 
Underlying] 
[excluding the Target One Underlying] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] 
Level] 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[the 
Strike 
Level 
of 
such 
Underlying]]

--- Page 386 ---
Form of Final Terms 
385 
 
[[[Indicatively, [[ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[The Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The 
Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European Barrier 
with Return, American Barrier with Return and 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" means 
the Lock-In Fixing Level of all Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an

--- Page 387 ---
Form of Final Terms 
386 
 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Lock-In Barrier Level on 
any Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target 
One 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Target 
One 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of Underlying]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Target One Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Target One Barrier 
Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition of 
Target One Event) 
 
- 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share]

--- Page 388 ---
Form of Final Terms 
387 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Target One Barrier Observation 
Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Target One 
Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the Target One Underlying]/[Insert 
the name of the relevant Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Target One Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier with 
Return, American Barrier with Return and 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
and an option for European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) Final 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [[
⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier

--- Page 389 ---
Form of Final Terms 
388 
 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Optimal 
Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) Y: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a

--- Page 390 ---
Form of Final Terms 
389 
 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Settlement Initial Level delete this 
sub-paragraph 
and 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 391 ---
Form of Final Terms 
390 
 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
23. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European Barrier (Bullish)]/[European Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 392 ---
Form of Final Terms 
391 
 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]]/[⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[is]/[are] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][
⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of the

--- Page 393 ---
Form of Final Terms 
392 
 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' 
in the rows corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, 
[⚫]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount] 
(Delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
unless 
'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each]Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below]

--- Page 394 ---
Form of Final Terms 
393 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [⚫]/[each of 
[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][
⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an Autocall Observation Date, 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 395 ---
Form of Final Terms 
394 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Level', 
'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period]  
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If 
Product is a European Barrier Twin Win 
Product delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level 
is 
required 
for 
Autocall 
Basket 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level,

--- Page 396 ---
Form of Final Terms 
395 
 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket Level or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or 
below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [at 
least one Underlying]/[the Underlyings]/[the 
[Worst]/[Best] 
Performing 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] 
 
- 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[- 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Final Performance delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish)) 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]

--- Page 397 ---
Form of Final Terms 
396 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Settlement Initial Level delete this 
and the following sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 398 ---
Form of Final Terms 
397 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
24. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings)

--- Page 399 ---
Form of Final Terms 
398 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [⚫]/[each of [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and

--- Page 400 ---
Form of Final Terms 
399 
 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [each]/[the] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [⚫]/[each of 
[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery

--- Page 401 ---
Form of Final Terms 
400 
 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption Amount')  
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Protection Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
25. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with Twin 
Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and Strike 
Event]/[Protection with Barrier and Upside 
Participation]/[Protection without Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common

--- Page 402 ---
Form of Final Terms 
401 
 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date]

--- Page 403 ---
Form of Final Terms 
402 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings 
are [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [
⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], 
[⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish or

--- Page 404 ---
Form of Final Terms 
403 
 
Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings 
are [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier Level]/[Barrier Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Absolute: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] 
the Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Level]]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at or 
above] the Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at 
or below] the Lower Barrier Level]] on any

--- Page 405 ---
Form of Final Terms 
404 
 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
its respective Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is [below]/[at 
or below] its respective Barrier Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier Basket 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing 
Level of at least one Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Final 
Basket Return is [above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Event Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Absolute: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level of the [Worst]/[Best] 
Performing Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] 
the Upper Barrier Basket Level] or [[below]/[at 
or below] the Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / 
[Barrier Fixing Basket Level is [[above]/[at or 
above] the Upper Barrier Basket Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier Basket 
Level] on any Barrier Observation Date falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period] / [Barrier Fixing 
Level of at least one Underlying is [[above]/[at 
or above] its respective Upper Barrier Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] its respective Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation Date 
for such Underlying falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition of 
Barrier Event) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 406 ---
Form of Final Terms 
405 
 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Event] [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition 
of Barrier Event, a Twin Win Event, a Strike 
Event or for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent. [and a minimum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
if required for Products linked to a weighted 
basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent. [and a minimum of [⚫
] per cent.] 
 
(viii) Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level 
– Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Strike Level]]

--- Page 407 ---
Form of Final Terms 
406 
 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing Level (Best) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[(Final Fixing 
Level (Best) – Strike Level (Best))/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Strike Level (Best)]/[Final Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish 
Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery

--- Page 408 ---
Form of Final Terms 
407 
 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final Return Cap 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or above] 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial Fixing 
Level]/[ Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
its respective Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with Twin 
Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 409 ---
Form of Final Terms 
408 
 
 
- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Basket Level]/[Final Basket 
Return is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
its 
Strike 
Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
its 
Strike 
Barrier 
Level]/[Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or 
above] the Strike Barrier Basket Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with Barrier and Strike Event' and 'Protection 
without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying] 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
[[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫
][and a maximum of [⚫]]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 410 ---
Form of Final Terms 
409 
 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
26. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Bonus 
Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 411 ---
Form of Final Terms 
410 
 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]":] 
[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 
'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] 
date set forth in column entitled 'Coupon 
Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date 
[in Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]] [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect 
of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], each date specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the

--- Page 412 ---
Form of Final Terms 
411 
 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [⚫]:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
[[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level] of such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger 
Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫

--- Page 413 ---
Form of Final Terms 
412 
 
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon Trigger 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[-  
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date 
[in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]], [ ⚫]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [falling in a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], the amount set 
forth in the column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment

--- Page 414 ---
Form of Final Terms 
413 
 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date in 
the Barrier Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of at least one Underlying] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] [its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert for European Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least 
one 
Underlying] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products are European Barrier Bonus Products 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business

--- Page 415 ---
Form of Final Terms 
414 
 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition 
of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus Basket Level, 
Final Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings unless the Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final Fixing Level of 
the [Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above]]/[Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its respective Bonus 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial

--- Page 416 ---
Form of Final Terms 
415 
 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal 
Performance Participation], American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation or American Barrier with Upside 
Cap and Downside Cap: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Strike Level 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 417 ---
Form of Final Terms 
416 
 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike 
Level)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Strike Level 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance (Downside)) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance (Downside)) 
 
(viii) Final 
Performance 
(Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP –

--- Page 418 ---
Form of Final Terms 
417 
 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- 
Strike Level 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance (Upside)) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition 
of 
Final 
Performance, 
Final 
Performance (Downside) or Final Performance 
(Upside)) 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
 
(x) 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
 
(xi) 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Normal 
Performance Upside 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]] 
 
(xii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap)

--- Page 419 ---
Form of Final Terms 
418 
 
 
(xiii) Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is European Barrier 
with Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xiv) Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is American Barrier 
with Upside Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation) 
 
(xvi) Cap Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is American Barrier 
with Upside Cap and Downside Cap) 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share]

--- Page 420 ---
Form of Final Terms 
419 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]]

--- Page 421 ---
Form of Final Terms 
420 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms). 
27. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Product 
Style: 
 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] per annum 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 422 ---
Form of Final Terms 
421 
 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
6.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. If Not Applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [
⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], 
[⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]

--- Page 423 ---
Form of Final Terms 
422 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying in 
respect of the relevant Autocall Observation Date 
is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger 
Level in respect of the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫][, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] [and a maximum of 
[⚫]]]/[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]]/[In 
respect of the Spread Underlying and an Autocall 
Observation Date, the [amount] [percentage of 
the Initial Spread Level] as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the 
row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance 
Redemption – Below]/[Par Redemption - Above 
OR Performance Redemption – At or Below]

--- Page 424 ---
Form of Final Terms 
423 
 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 425 ---
Form of Final Terms 
424 
 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in

--- Page 426 ---
Form of Final Terms 
425 
 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] [or] 
[a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying 
on such [Autocall Observation Date] [or] [Final 
Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/

--- Page 427 ---
Form of Final Terms 
426 
 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[⚫] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
 
(vi) 
Strike 
Spread 
Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[⚫] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
28. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products Style: 
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/ 
[European Barrier and Participation]/[American 
Barrier and Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 428 ---
Form of Final Terms 
427 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual. 
If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] [per annum] 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
7.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount. 
If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
- 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] [per annum]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, each rate specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]][⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date

--- Page 429 ---
Form of Final Terms 
428 
 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [
⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row

--- Page 430 ---
Form of Final Terms 
429 
 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall 
Maximum Redemption Percentage: Applicable]] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount is specified') 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [
⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [
⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], 
[⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[their respective]/[the] Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level on the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date]

--- Page 431 ---
Form of Final Terms 
430 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside': 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date [for such Underlying] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': or 'European 
Barrier and Participation' Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] [the]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event] 
 
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
with American Barrier: [In respect of any Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period, the Barrier Fixing Level of a 
number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are [below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels]/[If the number of 
Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier 
Fixing Level on any Barrier Observation Date in 
the Barrier Observation Period has been 
[below]/[at or below] their respect Barrier Levels

--- Page 432 ---
Form of Final Terms 
431 
 
is at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
with European Barrier: Final Fixing Level of a 
number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than the 
total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European Barrier' or 'European Barrier and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition 
of Autocall Trigger Basket Level, Barrier Basket 
Level, Final Performance or Strike Barrier 
Basket Level)

--- Page 433 ---
Form of Final Terms 
432 
 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of the 
Worst Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': Not Applicable - 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier and Participation': 
Not Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier and 
Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level divided by the Strike Level]//[Underlying 
Performance (Long) – Underlying Performance 
(Short)]/[Final Return]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Worst) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided by 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following 2 sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share]

--- Page 434 ---
Form of Final Terms 
433 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Long) 
 
- 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Short) 
 
- 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
- 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-In

--- Page 435 ---
Form of Final Terms 
434 
 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" means 
the Lock-In Fixing Level of all Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above] their respective Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of each Underlying]. Where 
"Single Lock-In Event" means the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of an Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] its respective Lock-In Barrier Level on 
any Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Final 
Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying:

--- Page 436 ---
Form of Final Terms 
435 
 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[ 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average]

--- Page 437 ---
Form of Final Terms 
436 
 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each

--- Page 438 ---
Form of Final Terms 
437 
 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
29. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is Open 
Ended, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[
⚫] 
 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date 
in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is Open 
Ended, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[
⚫] 
 
(B) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s]

--- Page 439 ---
Form of Final Terms 
438 
 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term), [⚫] Scheduled Trading Days following 
the day on which the Paying Agent has received 
the duly completed and signed Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) and Investor Put 
Option (Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[
⚫] 
 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[
⚫] 
 
(D) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(E) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) Redemption Notice; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), [ ⚫] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying 
Agent has received the duly completed 
and signed Investor Put Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Notice 
 
(F) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended), the Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-

--- Page 440 ---
Form of Final Terms 
439 
 
ended), the Investor Put Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Date. 
 
(G) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(H) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Dividends at Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Quanto FX and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)]/[Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with Composite FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption]/ 
[Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common

--- Page 441 ---
Form of Final Terms 
440 
 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion Ratio Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)', 
'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[NAV] on such Dividend Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividend', 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of

--- Page 442 ---
Form of Final Terms 
441 
 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In 
Event 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and 
[ ⚫]][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
-Increment 
Percentage 
[⚫]] 
 
(E) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period][Not Applicable]

--- Page 443 ---
Form of Final Terms 
442 
 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] the FX 
Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends', 
'Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Tracker FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- Management Fee: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
(J) 
Dividend 
Reinvestment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)', 
'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 'Single Underlying with High

--- Page 444 ---
Form of Final Terms 
443 
 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(B) 
Tracker 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Management 
Fee 
Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
-Management Fee: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Performance 
Fee: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
Hurdle Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and 
[ ⚫]][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 445 ---
Form of Final Terms 
444 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)'. If Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate, [⚫] 
 
- 
Tracker FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate, [⚫] 
30. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 446 ---
Form of Final Terms 
445 
 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[⚫] [, being [⚫] per cent. per annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] per annum of the Initial Fixing 
Level] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Euro
bond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
31. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside 
Settlement 
Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level

--- Page 447 ---
Form of Final Terms 
446 
 
 
(iv) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate (Final), [⚫] 
 
- 
FX Rate Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate (Final), [⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Downside 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
Delivery 
Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
- 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified Amount 
- 
[
⚫]]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish 
Products] 
 
- 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
- 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable 
32. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product] ]/[Call Warrant Products 
with Lock-In Feature]/[Call Warrant Products 
with High Watermark Redemption]/[Put Warrant 
Product]/[Call Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Put 
Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Bullish Mini 
Future 
Product]/[Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product]/[Leverage Certificate Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫]per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 448 ---
Form of Final Terms 
447 
 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 
'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] 
date set forth in column entitled 'Coupon 
Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above][at 
or 
above] 
the 
Strike 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or above] 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the Best Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for Put 
Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [below][at 
or below] the Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[below][at 
or 
below] 
the 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or below] 
the Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Strike Level]/[Insert for

--- Page 449 ---
Form of Final Terms 
448 
 
Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant 
Products with High Watermark Redemption, 
Bullish Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
 
[- 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level][Not Applicable] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫]

--- Page 450 ---
Form of Final Terms 
449 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant 
Product 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and Put 
Warrant Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Participation: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(D) 
Cap 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and 
[ ⚫]][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday

--- Page 451 ---
Form of Final Terms 
450 
 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation Dates]/[Observation Periods]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]] 
 
(B) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period 
 
(C) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Knock-Out Call Warrant 
Products and Knock-Out Put Warrant Products. 
Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio (Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units')

--- Page 452 ---
Form of Final Terms 
451 
 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out 
Event: 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation Date 
falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is 
[above]/[at or above] the Knock-Out Level]] 
 
 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation Date 
falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is 
[below]/[at or below] the Knock-Out Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and 
the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products)

--- Page 453 ---
Form of Final Terms 
452 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: Stop 
Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on any 
Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop Loss 
Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Stop Loss 
Level on any Stop Loss Observation Date in the 
Stop Loss Observation Period] 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date and 
the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][⚫] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption 
Date: 
[ ⚫] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss 
Event first occurs 
 
(F) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Mini 
Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Certificate 
Products: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Leverage Certificate Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Financing 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Total Financing 
cost: 
 
 
- 
Financing 
Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
DCF: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[⚫]

--- Page 454 ---
Form of Final Terms 
453 
 
33. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation 
Certificate 
with 
Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike Barrier 
Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
its Strike Barrier Level]/[Best Performing 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level]] 
 
- 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is required 
for the definition of Strike Event)

--- Page 455 ---
Form of Final Terms 
454 
 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]] 
[[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫
][and a maximum of [⚫]]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or Final 
Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫

--- Page 456 ---
Form of Final Terms 
455 
 
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] zero (0)]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the [Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its Initial 
Fixing Level]/[Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance with Participation]': Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.] 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]]

--- Page 457 ---
Form of Final Terms 
456 
 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [(Final 
Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level 
– Strike Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP (FR) 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish 
Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless 'Outperformance Product 
Style' is 'Outperformance with Airbag feature')) 
 
(xiii) 
Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 458 ---
Form of Final Terms 
457 
 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or Final 
Return) 
 
(xiv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Performance): 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Return): 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] (If not required for definition of 
Settlement Initial Level delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not 
all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect of 
[Insert each Underlying that is denominated in 
the Settlement Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]

--- Page 459 ---
Form of Final Terms 
458 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue Terms or if the currency of denomination of 
the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining the 
Settlement FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
34. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per cent.]

--- Page 460 ---
Form of Final Terms 
459 
 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is specified 
to be 'Single Underlying)) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is a part of the Long Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is part of the Short Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop 
Loss 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Barrier Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.] of the Initial Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(D) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption 
Date: 
[ ⚫] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss 
Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level 
– Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert 
if 
Strategy 
Style 
is 
'Basket 
of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level – 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing 
Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level - LS 
Strike Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [⚫] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [ ⚫] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount]

--- Page 461 ---
Form of Final Terms 
460 
 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [⚫] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [ ⚫] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 462 ---
Form of Final Terms 
461 
 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
[
𝑡
360] / [
actual
365 ] /[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
35. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled

--- Page 463 ---
Form of Final Terms 
462 
 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [⚫
], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[ ⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ⚫] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [⚫]] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation 
Period(s)' 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.]] of the [Strike

--- Page 464 ---
Form of Final Terms 
463 
 
Level]/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
Level] as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener (Warrant)]/[Single Look (Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date)

--- Page 465 ---
Form of Final Terms 
464 
 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF 
Accrual]/[Single 
Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [⚫], [⚫
] and [ ⚫]][ ⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [⚫]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 466 ---
Form of Final Terms 
465 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' 
or others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and 
a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] [or] 
[Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying 
on such [Coupon Observation Date] [or] [Final 
Fixing Date]]/

--- Page 467 ---
Form of Final Terms 
466 
 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level-Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ] [ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying[s]:] 
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:] 
[[Underlying] 
Initial Fixing 
Date:] 
[⚫] (Insert relevant 
Level as defined in 
the relevant Payout 
Conditions and as 
specified in this 
Pricing Supplement. 
Repeat as necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Service 
Provider(s)][:] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
37. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable,

--- Page 468 ---
Form of Final Terms 
467 
 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫]]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding 
to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[⚫]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing

--- Page 469 ---
Form of Final Terms 
468 
 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Share]] 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]

--- Page 470 ---
Form of Final Terms 
469 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
38. 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the 
relevant Participation Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of 
days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]

--- Page 471 ---
Form of Final Terms 
470 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ 
[Volume Weighted Average Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] 
[for such Participation Certificate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above]  
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average

--- Page 472 ---
Form of Final Terms 
471 
 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [lowest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
39. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫]]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Index 
Sponsor(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 473 ---
Form of Final Terms 
472 
 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Index Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the [Closing 
Index Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any 
time] 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Index]] 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation 
Period][for such Index]] 
 (Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the

--- Page 474 ---
Form of Final Terms 
473 
 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Index]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
40. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 475 ---
Form of Final Terms 
474 
 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[ ⚫]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Depositary Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above]

--- Page 476 ---
Form of Final Terms 
475 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such 
Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
41. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the

--- Page 477 ---
Form of Final Terms 
476 
 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the Commodity Reference Price on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] 
[for such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]

--- Page 478 ---
Form of Final Terms 
477 
 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[
⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final Fixing 
Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the Commodity Reference 
Price on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
42. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(c) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 479 ---
Form of Final Terms 
478 
 
 
(e) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(f) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[ 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [ ⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency Price) 
 
(g) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[ 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [ ⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(h) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency 
Price], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency Price) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 480 ---
Form of Final Terms 
479 
 
 
(j) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(l) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
Currency 
Exchange Reference Rate on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Currency Exchange Rate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 481 ---
Form of Final Terms 
480 
 
 
(n) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
43. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures Contract 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Futures Contract]/[Each 
futures contract set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(d) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(e) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫

--- Page 482 ---
Form of Final Terms 
481 
 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[Intraday 
Price 
at 
any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Futures Contract]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract)

--- Page 483 ---
Form of Final Terms 
482 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the Final Fixing 
Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
44. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products] [and] [Derivative 
Instrument Linked Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)']/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fixed Rate 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)']/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 484 ---
Form of Final Terms 
483 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], [⚫]]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify 
number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Instrument]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument)

--- Page 485 ---
Form of Final Terms 
484 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ ⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
[
⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ ⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
45. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each ETF 
share set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫]

--- Page 486 ---
Form of Final Terms 
485 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [ ⚫]]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
- 
Fund 
Reference 
Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(g) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
ETF Share]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such ETF Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share)

--- Page 487 ---
Form of Final Terms 
486 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
46. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each fund 
unit set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 488 ---
Form of Final Terms 
487 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund Unit 
and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and such 
relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the 
NAV on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Fund Unit]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products:

--- Page 489 ---
Form of Final Terms 
488 
 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund 
Unit], the NAV on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
47. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference Rate 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Reference Rate]/[Each 
reference rate set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫]]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Screen Page(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], rounded to 
the nearest [⚫] decimal place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate]:

--- Page 490 ---
Form of Final Terms 
489 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference 
Rate], the Screen Rate on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Reference Rate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the 
Screen 
Rate 
on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫]]/[Insert 
for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the Screen Rate on each

--- Page 491 ---
Form of Final Terms 
490 
 
Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such Reference 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
General provisions 
48. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert if applicable for Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if applicable for 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated form 
in accordance with article 973c of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations] 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a 
permanent global certificate in accordance with 
article 973b of the Swiss Code of Obligations]. 
 
 
[Uncertificated Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[Uncertificated SIX SIS Securities] 
49. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of these Final 
Terms]/[Not Applicable] 
50. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/ [Not Applicable] 
51. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
52. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
53. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation)/ [
⚫] (specify number of days)]

--- Page 492 ---
Form of Final Terms 
491 
 
54. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
[insert 
number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify 
percentage 
or 
value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
55. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[⚫] 
56. 
Paying Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[⚫] 
57. 
Additional Agents: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
58. 
Notice Website: 
[⚫] 
59. 
[Name(s)] [and address(es)] of Lead 
Manager 
[and 
Dealer(s)] 
[and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 
Zurich, Switzerland] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
60. 
Governing Law: 
[English law] [Swiss law] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Products to be [listed and] [admitted to trading 
on] the [multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivative financial instruments (the "SeDeX 
Market") organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.]/[multilateral trading facility 
Spectrum Markets]/[multilateral trading facility 
Hi-MTF 
(managed 
by 
Hi-MTF 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[multilateral trading facility EuroTLX 
(managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A)]/[Hi-Cert 
market segment of the multilateral trading 
facility Hi-Mtf (organised and managed by Hi-
Mtf Sim S.p.A.)]/[Spectrum multilateral trading 
facility (organised and managed by Spectrum 
MTF 
Operator 
GmbH)]/[Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss 
Exchange]/[ ⚫]. [The Tranche [ ⚫] Products[, 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products][ and Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products] were [listed and] [admitted to trading] 
on [the multilateral trading facility of the SeDeX 
Market (organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A)]/[the multilateral trading facility 
EuroTLX 
(managed 
by 
EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt

--- Page 493 ---
Form of Final Terms 
492 
 
Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[⚫] on or 
around [⚫][,[⚫]][and [⚫], respectively] 
 
 
[The Products shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products [, the Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products][or the Tranche [⚫] Products] until such 
time as the Products are [listed] [and] [admitted 
to trading] as indicated above.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually rated.] 
 
 
[The Products to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[⚫]1 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫][General funding] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable – there are no estimated 
expenses charged to the Investor by the Issuer] 
5. 
[PERFORMANCE 
OF 
UNDERLYING[S], 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING[S]] 
 
Details of the past performance of the Underlying[s] and other information concerning the 
Underlying[s] may be obtained [free of charge/for a fee] from [⚫][[Bloomberg Screen][Reuters 
Screen Page] [⚫]: '[⚫]'] [and] [www.[⚫]] but the information appearing on such website does 
not form part of these Final Terms. 
 
Index Disclaimer[s]: [⚫]/[See Schedule hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
6.1 
Authorised Offer(s) 
 
 
1 Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3.

--- Page 494 ---
Form of Final Terms 
493 
 
 
(a) 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Products may 
be made, subject to the conditions set out below 
by the Authorised Offeror(s) (specified in (b) 
immediately below) other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in 
the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) (specified in (c) 
immediately below) during the Offer Period 
(specified in (d) immediately below) subject to 
the conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and 
in (e) immediately below] 
 
(b) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place 
(together 
the 
"Authorised 
Offeror(s)"): 
Each financial intermediary specified in (i) and 
(ii) below: 
(i) 
Specific consent: [[ ⚫] (the "Initial 
Authorised Offeror(s)")] [and each 
financial intermediary expressly named 
as an Authorised Offeror on the website 
of 
Leonteq 
Securities 
AG 
(www.leonteq.com)]; and 
 
 
(ii) 
General 
consent: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable: each financial 
intermediary which (A) is authorised to 
make such offers under Directive 
2014/65/EU, and (B) accepts such offer 
by publishing on its website the 
Acceptance Statement] 
 
(c) 
Jurisdiction(s) where the offer may 
take place (together, the "Public 
Offer Jurisdictions(s)"): 
[Ireland][Italy] 
 
(d) 
Offer period for which use of the 
Base Prospectus is authorised by 
the Authorised Offeror(s): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Other conditions for use of the 
Base Prospectus by the Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
[ ⚫] [[ ⚫], in relation to those Authorised 
Offeror(s) specified in (b)(ii) above only] [Not 
Applicable] 
6.2 
Other terms and conditions of the offer 
 
 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[The Issue Price]/[ ⚫]]/[⚫] (being the Issue Price 
plus an Initial Load of [⚫])] 
 
(b) 
Total amount of offer: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Time 
period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, 
during 
which the offer will be open and 
description of the application 
process: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 495 ---
Form of Final Terms 
494 
 
 
(f) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[The 
[minimum]/[maximum] 
amount 
of 
application which can be subscribed by the 
relevant Investors is [ ⚫]] [There is no 
[minimum]/[maximum] amount of application] 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
 
(g) 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce subscriptions and manner 
for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Details of method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Products: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Name(s) and address(es), legal 
entity identifier, domicile, legal 
form and country of incorporation, 
to the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat 
as necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer] 
By: ……………………………………….  
Duly authorised2] 
 
2  
Include if Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 496 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
495 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement for each Series will include such of the following information as is applicable 
with respect to such Products. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The [Products] are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT TERMS DATED [⚫] 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
(Incorporated in Guernsey) 
[Legal Entity Identifier: 549300L24J81P1RBL748] 
Guaranteed by 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
[Up 
to] 
[
⚫
] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal 
Tracker)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased Downside Risk]]]/[Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier [with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with no

--- Page 497 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
496 
 
FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call 
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[(Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[Leverage 
Certificate 
Product]]/[Outperformance Product with Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag 
feature]/[Long/Short Product[with no Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee 
Deduction]/[with Outperformance Participation]]/[Dispersion Products]/[Steepener Product with 
Spread (Note or Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener 
Product with Single Look (Warrant)]] due [ ⚫] under the European Issuance and Offering 
Programme [the ["[Certificates]/[Notes]" or the] "Products"]/[(to be consolidated and to form a 
single series with the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued on [⚫][, the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued 
on [⚫]] [and the [⚫] Products due [⚫], and issued on [⚫]] under the European Issuance and Offering 
Programme (the Tranche [⚫] Products [and Tranche [⚫] Products]))] 
[Issue Price: [⚫] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
[Series: [⚫]] 
[Tranche: [⚫]] 
[Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
and the applicable Underlying Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and 
including, [insert Issue Date] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [24] September 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base 
Prospectus]) (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Products 
described herein. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Products] is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The 
Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for inspection during the usual 
business hours at [Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, Zurich, Switzerland. In addition thereto, the 
documents will be published in electronic form on the website www.leonteq.com]. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 6(3) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Products in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Products on behalf of the Issuer 
nor the Lead Manager in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed 
that any application will be made) for listing the Products on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU). 
[The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement may be considered structured products in 
Switzerland pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and 
are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None 
of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation

--- Page 498 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
497 
 
nor the supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer.] 
[Insert for each offer in Switzerland. Note that Exempt Products may not be offered to Retail Clients in 
Switzerland.] [The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement are not being offered, sold or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -
kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any 
offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The 
offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private 
placement by addressing the Products solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle 
Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Professional or 
Institutional Clients"). 
This Pricing Supplement relates to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific 
Provisions for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Series of Products that are subject to this Pricing Supplement and references to "Product" 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 499 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
498 
EUS\JSCHWA\393356093.11 
 
(Where the Pricing Supplement covers two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different series. The 
relevant line item for any such variable contained in the Pricing Supplement below the table entitled 'Specified Provisions for each Series' should include the following 
language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific Provisions for each Series' above") 
 [SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other security 
code] 
[Series] 
[Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at 
the 
Issue 
Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert other 
variable 
which 
will 
differ across 
different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable 
which 
will 
differ across 
different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable 
which 
will 
differ across 
different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable 
which 
will 
differ across 
different 
series] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 500 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
499 
 
PART A - OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Security Codes: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN Number: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Other Identifier: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg]  
[SIS [– identification number [ ⚫]]] (specify 
other; 
give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s)) 
[⚫] 
3. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Tranche [⚫] Products[, the 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products] [and the Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products] but shall not be fungible with the Tranche 
[⚫] Products [, the Tranche [⚫] Products] [and the 
Tranche [⚫] Products] until such time as the clearing 
systems recognise the Products to be fungible with 
the Tranche [⚫] Products[, the Tranche [⚫] Products] 
[and the Tranche [⚫] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement 
Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[⚫] [Investment Currency should only be chosen 
where Dual Currency Products is Applicable] 
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having 
the 
form 
of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [⚫] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[⚫]

--- Page 501 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
500 
 
8. 
Certificates: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: 
Number of Products]/[Insert 
for Notional Certificates: Issue 
Size as at the Issue Date]: 
[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [⚫] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[ ⚫](Insert for Notional Certificates, otherwise 
delete) 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[[⚫] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [⚫] per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[ Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional Amount] [plus accrued 
interest from [⚫]] / [[Up to] [⚫] per Certificate [plus 
accrued interest from [ ⚫]][(including up to [ ⚫] 
distribution fees)[(no distribution fees included)]] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] Business Days following the [Final Fixing 
Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing Date and (b) the 
Settlement FX Fixing Date][(or if such date falls on 
different dates for different Underlyings, the latest of 
such dates to occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in item 
29 (Tracker Products) below] 
13. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days prior to [the scheduled payment 
date for the relevant interest amount]/[the first day 
on which the Product is quoted without the 
entitlement to the payment of the relevant interest 
amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
17. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
18. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to any 
other transactions) that payments on the Products

--- Page 502 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
501 
 
should not be subject to US withholding tax under 
871(m)] / [The Issuer has determined that payments 
on the Products are subject to US withholding tax 
under section 871(m)] / [Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Payouts 
20. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[As specified in the table below] 
 
- 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption Date]/[the 
Partial Redemption Date scheduled to fall on [⚫]], [
⚫]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial Redemption 
Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
] 
21. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products]/[Twin 
Win 
Products]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus Products]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual 
Currency 
Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion Products]/[Steepener Product] 
22. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product 
Style: 
[European 
Barrier]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Optimal 
Tracker]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American 
Barrier]/[American Barrier with Return]/[American 
Barrier with Protection]/[American Barrier with 
Inverse 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike]/[American 
Barrier with Increased Downside Risk]/[Without 
Barrier]/[Without Barrier (Inverse) with High 
Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note]

--- Page 503 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
502 
 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
if Not Applicable) 
 
[- 
FX Rate (Initial): 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] [on the 
Initial Fixing Date [of such Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
[Price Source: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
for 
the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
for 
the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]":] [⚫], 
[⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 'Coupon 
Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of each Set of

--- Page 504 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
503 
 
Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment 
Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional 
Coupon Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date [in 
Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]], [ ⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫]] [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the [Opening 
[Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date]

--- Page 505 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
504 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]:] 
Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [ ⚫]:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings [excluding the Target One Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] 
Level on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to Coupon 
Payment Date Set [⚫]], [⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level] [of such Underlying]] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] percentage of 
the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row[s] corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date [in 
Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [⚫]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date [falling in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date in the

--- Page 506 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
505 
 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[High Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately below 
unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
 
[- 
Minimum Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], 
the date set forth in column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]

--- Page 507 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
506 
 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable. 
[Each 
of 
the 
following: [From, [and including]/[but excluding] [
⚫] to, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] (Repeat 
as necessary for each Autocall Observation 
Period)]/[Each period specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Period(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level [on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings [excluding the Target One Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level [on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date]/[in respect of any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
each 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
[Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], [⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the 
[Strike Level/Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] 
and 
an 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the percentage 
of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] 
as specified in the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row corresponding to such 
[Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period]]

--- Page 508 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
507 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation 
[Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 
'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of [the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying] [excluding 
the Target One Underlying]] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date [for such Underlying] falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period]]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event] 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Final Fixing [Basket] Level of [the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying [excluding 
the Target One Underlying]] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] [and none of the 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] its respective Target Level]]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is [below]/[at 
or below] the Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage 
on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: [In respect of any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in respect of 
which the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period 
has been [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the 
Specified 
Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings]]

--- Page 509 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
508 
 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: Final Fixing Level of a number of 
Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are [ 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than the 
total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/ 
[Insert 
for 
Stability Note Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket Level is 
required for Autocall Trigger Basket Level, Barrier 
Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket Level, Final

--- Page 510 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
509 
 
Performance, Strike Basket Level or Twin Win 
Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [ ⚫] per 
cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products that are linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the [Strike Barrier 
Level]] 
[Insert for American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products that are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of the [Worst] [Best] 
Performing Underlying] [excluding the Target One 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or 
above] [the]/[its respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] 
Level] 
[Insert for European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are European 
Barrier Yield Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are Stability 
Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.] of the Initial Fixing Level 
of such Underlying]/[the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[the Strike Level of such Underlying]] 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[The Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[The Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level 
divided by the Strike [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level ([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
(Final Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike

--- Page 511 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
510 
 
Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Initial 
Fixing Level (Best) – Strike Level (Best))/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European Barrier 
with Return, American Barrier with Return and 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [ ⚫] per 
cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date. 
Where "Common Lock-In Event" means the Lock-
In Fixing Level of all Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective Lock-
In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In Observation 
Date.]/[A Single Lock-In Event has occurred in 
respect of each Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-
In Event" means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] its respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any 
Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each Lock-
In Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per

--- Page 512 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
511 
 
cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target 
One 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Target One 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of Underlying]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Target One 
Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Target One Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Target One Barrier Level] 
(Delete 
following 
3 
sub-paragraphs 
if 
Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition of 
Target One Event) 
 
[- 
Target One 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier Observation 
Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the [Opening 
[Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Target One Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the Target One Barrier Observation 
Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Target One 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the Target One Underlying]/[Insert the 
name of the relevant Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent.

--- Page 513 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
512 
 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Target One Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Downside 
Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier with 
Return, American Barrier with Return and Without 
Barrier with Downside Participation and an option 
for European Barrier with Inverse Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [[⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier with 
Return and American Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal 
Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Strike Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 514 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
513 
 
 
(j) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement Type 
is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [Specified 
Amount - [ ⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] (If not required for definition of 
Settlement Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph 
and the following sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[-
 
Pre
determined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 515 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
514 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the Settlement FX Rate 
shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms or if 
the currency of denomination of the Delivery 
Underlying is the Settlement Currency. If the 
Delivery 
Underlying 
is 
'Worst 
Performing 
Underlying' or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at 
least one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price 
Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
23. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European Barrier (Bullish)]/[European Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American Barrier (Bullish)]/[American 
Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date)

--- Page 516 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
515 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] [per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon 
Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
] per cent.] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 517 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
516 
 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings] 
[is]/[are] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their respective] 
Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in 
the rows corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed 
Uncondition
al 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
set forth in the column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', "Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount] (Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless

--- Page 518 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
517 
 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each]Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [⚫]/[each of [⚫
], [⚫] and [⚫]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their respective] 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an Autocall Observation Date, the

--- Page 519 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
518 
 
percentage of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date [for such Underlying] 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]  
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If Product is a 
European Barrier Twin Win Product delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]

--- Page 520 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
519 
 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket Level is 
required for Autocall Basket Performance, Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike 
Basket Level or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or 
below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [at 
least 
one 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlyings]/[the 
[Worst]/[Best] 
Performing 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] 
 
- 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level 
divided by the Strike [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level ([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[- 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] (If not required 
for definition of Final Performance delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American Barrier 
(Bearish)) 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(viii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 521 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
520 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(i) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement Type 
is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [Specified 
Amount - [ ⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this and the following sub-paragraphs 
as required for the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[-
 
Pre
determined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫]

--- Page 522 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
521 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the Settlement FX Rate 
shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms or if 
the currency of denomination of the Delivery 
Underlying is the Settlement Currency. If the 
Delivery 
Underlying 
is 
'Worst 
Performing 
Underlying' or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at 
least one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price 
Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
24. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings)

--- Page 523 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
522 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [⚫]/[each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their

--- Page 524 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
523 
 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [each]/[the] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [⚫]/[each of [⚫
], [⚫] and [⚫]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
Autocall 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]

--- Page 525 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
524 
 
 
(v) 
Autocall 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying 
and an Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Protection 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
25. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/['Protection with Twin 
Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike]/[Protection 
with 
Barrier 
and 
Strike 
Event]/[Protection 
with 
Barrier 
and 
Upside 
Participation]/[Protection without Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying – as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date)

--- Page 526 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
525 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying – as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment 
only applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] [per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[In 
respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: Coupon 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Coupon Trigger 
Level on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish or

--- Page 527 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
526 
 
Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each 
date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] their

--- Page 528 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
527 
 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying 
and an Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]]  
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Absolute: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the 
Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Level]]]/[Barrier Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the Upper 
Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]/[ Final 
Basket Return is [above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Event Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: [Final

--- Page 529 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
528 
 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its respective 
Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] its 
respective Barrier Level]/[Barrier Fixing Basket 
Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings 
and Product Direction is Absolute: [Final Fixing 
Basket Level of the [Worst]/[Best] Performing 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the Upper 
Barrier Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Basket Level]]/[Barrier Fixing Basket 
Level is [[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier 
Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the Lower 
Barrier Basket Level] on any Barrier Observation 
Date 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is[[above]/[at or above] its respective 
Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Lower Barrier Level]] on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not Applicable 
or if not required for the definition of Barrier Event) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier 
[Event] 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]

--- Page 530 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
529 
 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier Products: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish and 
for Protection Without Barrier Products: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish and 
for Protection Without Barrier Products: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition of 
Barrier Event, a Twin Win Event, a Strike Event or 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a minimum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if required for Products linked to a 
weighted basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a minimum of [⚫] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 'Absolute' 
and Product is linked to a single Underlying: [(Final 
Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and Product 
is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [(Final Fixing 
Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level (Worst))/Initial 
Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) 
– Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Absolute' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [(Final 
Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing 
Level (Worst) – Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing 
Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike

--- Page 531 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
530 
 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing 
Level (Best) – Initial Fixing Level (Best))/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike Level 
(Best))/Strike 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP – (Final 
Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and Product 
is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP – (Final 
Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish Final Basket Return]/[Bearish 
Final Basket Return (Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[-
 
Pre
determined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 532 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
531 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Final Return 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final Return 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product that is 
linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing Level is 
[above]/[at or above] Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product that is 
linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final Fixing 
Basket Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial Fixing 
Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Initial Fixing Level]/[ Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] its respective Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with Twin Win 
Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish and 
for Products linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] its Strike Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish for 
Products linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike Barrier 
Basket Level]/[Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike Barrier 
Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
Strike Barrier Level]/[Best Performing Underlying 
is [below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier

--- Page 533 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
532 
 
Level]/[Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Barrier Basket Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection with 
Barrier and Strike Event' and 'Protection without 
Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amo
unt]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [[ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Underlying] 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Basket Level] 
[[⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫][and a maximum 
of [⚫]]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
26. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with Upside 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Downside 
Participation]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Bonus 
Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Normal Performance Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Bonus

--- Page 534 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
533 
 
Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] [per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple 
Coupon 
Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]":] [⚫], 
[⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 'Coupon 
Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment 
Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon]

--- Page 535 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
534 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon 
Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date [in 
Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date [in 
a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫]] [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the [Opening 
[Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [ ⚫]:] 
Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment Date 
Set [ ⚫]:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their respective] 
Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date]

--- Page 536 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
535 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to Coupon 
Payment Date Set [ ⚫]] per cent. [, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the [[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level] of 
such Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] percentage of 
the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket]] Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row[s] corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon Trigger 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[-
 
Pre
determined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 537 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
536 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment Date Set 
[⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Uncondition
al 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date [in 
Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]], [⚫]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date [falling in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', 'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date in the 
Barrier Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of at least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [its respective]/[the]

--- Page 538 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
537 
 
Barrier [Basket] Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date in the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert for European Barrier Bonus Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
the 
Barrier 
Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at least one 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or 
above] [its respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] 
(If Products are European Barrier Bonus Products 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. [, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition of 
Barrier Basket Level, Bonus Basket Level, Final 
Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings unless the Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]]/[Best Performing Underlying is [below]/[at 
or below] its respective Bonus Level]/[Final Fixing

--- Page 539 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
538 
 
Basket Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Bonus Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier with 
Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a single Underlying: [Final Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final Fixing 
Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal 
Performance Participation], American Barrier with 
Upside Participation and Downside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside 
Cap: Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a single Underlying: [Final Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final Fixing

--- Page 540 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
539 
 
Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
 
(viii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a single Underlying: [Final Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap and 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for the 
definition of Final Performance, Final Performance 
(Downside) or Final Performance (Upside)) 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 541 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
540 
 
 
[- 
Upside Cap 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(x) 
Outperformance 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[-
 
Out
performance 
Upside Cap 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Normal Performance 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside Cap 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(xii) 
Upside Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation or American Barrier with 
Bonus Cap) 
 
(xiii) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Downside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation) 
 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Normal Performance 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation) 
 
(xvi) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside 
Cap)

--- Page 542 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
541 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement Type 
is Cash Settlement]  
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [Specified 
Amount - [ ⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫]

--- Page 543 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
542 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the Settlement FX Rate 
shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms or if 
the currency of denomination of the Delivery 
Underlying is the Settlement Currency. If the 
Delivery 
Underlying 
is 
'Worst 
Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
[- 
Price 
Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio 
is a specified number in the Issue Terms) 
27. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product 
Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings][Spread 
Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings or for a Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date)

--- Page 544 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
543 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] per annum 
 
- 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period in 
Payout Condition 6.2 - [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [⚫]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount set 
forth in column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 545 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
544 
 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each 
date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
Autocall 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying in 
respect of the relevant Autocall Observation Date is 
[above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger Level in 
respect of the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying 
and an Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][ ⚫][,

--- Page 546 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
545 
 
subject to a minimum of [⚫] [and a maximum of [⚫
]]]/[Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]]/[In respect of the 
Spread Underlying and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the [amount]/[percentage of the Initial Spread 
Level] as specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
trigger Level' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
Determination Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance 
Redemption – Below]/[Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 547 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
546 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement Type 
is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [Specified 
Amount - [ ⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
of the Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]]  
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 548 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
547 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the Settlement FX Rate 
shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms or if 
the currency of denomination of the Delivery 
Underlying is the Settlement Currency. If the 
Delivery 
Underlying 
is 
'Worst 
Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] [or] [a 
Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2:

--- Page 549 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
548 
 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on 
such [Autocall Observation Date] [or] [Final Fixing 
Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] [and 
a maximum of [⚫]]]/ [⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
 
(vi) 
Strike 
Spread 
Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] [and 
a maximum of [ ⚫]]]/[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
28. 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style: 
[European Barrier]/[American Barrier] /[European 
Barrier and Participation]/[American Barrier and 
Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date)

--- Page 550 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
549 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] [per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] [per annum] 
 
- 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period in 
Payout Condition 7.2 - [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [⚫]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount set 
forth in column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Conditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory Coupon]

--- Page 551 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
550 
 
 
- 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment Date, [⚫
] per cent. [per annum]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, each rate specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]][⚫
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
- 
Coupon Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Trigger Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 552 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
551 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: Applicable]] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount is specified') 
 
- 
Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, [⚫
]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each 
date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of all 
Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] [their 
respective]/[the] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index

--- Page 553 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
552 
 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying and an Autocall Observation Date, the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing [Basket]Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier and 
Participation' or 'Leverage Downside': Barrier 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least 
one Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] [the]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date [for such Underlying] falling in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'European Barrier' or 'European Barrier and 
Participation': Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [the 
Underlying]/[at least one Underlying]] is [below]/[at 
or below] [the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] 
Level]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
 
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
with American Barrier: [In respect of any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period, the Barrier Fixing Level of a number of 
Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are 
[below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in respect of 
which the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period

--- Page 554 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
553 
 
has been [below]/[at or below] their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
with European Barrier: Final Fixing Level of a 
number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are 
below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance 
Barrier Number 
of Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than the 
total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European Barrier' or 'European Barrier and 
Participation' delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the definition of 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level, Barrier Basket Level, 
Final Performance or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier and 
Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and the 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: Final

--- Page 555 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
554 
 
Fixing Level is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier and 
Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and the 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the Worst Performing 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below] [its]/[the] 
Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'European Barrier': Not Applicable - Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is European 
Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'European Barrier and Participation': Not 
Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is European Barrier and Participation] 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. 
[, subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing Level divided 
by the Strike Level]/[Underlying Performance 
(Long) – Underlying Performance (Short)/[Final 
Return]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided by the 
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Worst) divided by the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the following 
sub-paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent. [, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the

--- Page 556 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
555 
 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]]  
(If not required for definition of Final Performance 
or Final Return delete this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is 'European 
Barrier and Participation' or 'American Barrier and 
Participation') 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level (Long) 
 
- 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level (Short) 
 
- 
Long 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
- 
Short 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Lock-In Barrier Level on 
the relevant Lock-In Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date. 
Where "Common Lock-In Event" means the Lock-
In Fixing Level of all Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above] their respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each

--- Page 557 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
556 
 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" means 
the Lock-In Fixing Level of an Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Lock-In Barrier 
Level on any Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each Lock-
In Observation Date, [⚫] per cent. [, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Final 
Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[

--- Page 558 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
557 
 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement Type 
is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [Specified 
Amount - [ ⚫]]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level)

--- Page 559 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
558 
 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] the Settlement FX Rate 
shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue Terms or if 
the currency of denomination of the Delivery 
Underlying is the Settlement Currency. If the 
Delivery 
Underlying 
is 
'Worst 
Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement FX 
Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
29. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(i) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 560 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
559 
 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is Open 
Ended, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Notice 
Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), the 
day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), the 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption 
Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing Date 
 
(ii) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is Open 
Ended, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Notice 
Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), [⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days following the day on which 
the Paying Agent has received the duly completed 
and signed Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), the 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption 
Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing Date

--- Page 561 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
560 
 
 
(iii) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
and 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-
ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-
ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-
ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue Date]/[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-
ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[⚫] Business Day[s] 
 
(E) 
Final 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended), the day specified as the Final Fixing 
Date in the Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Notice; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), [ ⚫] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying 
Agent has received the duly completed and 
signed Investor Put Option (Open-ended) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended), the Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), the Investor Put Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Date. 
 
(G) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-
ended) 
Redemption 
Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing Date 
 
(H) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-
ended) 
[⚫] Business Days following the Final Fixing Date

--- Page 562 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
561 
 
Redemption 
Date: 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with Quanto FX 
and 
no 
Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividend]/[Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
and no Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/ [Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX 
and Dividends at Redemption]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX 
and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Dividends at Redemption]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Composite 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX and no 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)]/[Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX 
and no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with Composite 
FX and Dividends at Redemption]/ [Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no FX and 
no Dividends] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions]

--- Page 563 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
562 
 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with no 
FX (Notional Units)', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio (Tracker): 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], [⚫
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], [⚫
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[NAV] on such Dividend Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividend', 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividend', 
'Basket 
of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
 
(D) 
Lock-In 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In Observation 
Date

--- Page 564 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
563 
 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observat
ion 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]][Any day From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫
] to, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
-
 
Incr
ement 
Percenta
ge: 
[⚫]] 
 
(E) 
High Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such High Watermark Observation Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the High Watermark Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and at least one (but not all) 
Underlyings are denominated in the Settlement 
Currency:, provided that in respect of [Insert each 
Underlying that is denominated in the Settlement 
Currency: [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] the FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single Underlying 
with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption',

--- Page 565 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
564 
 
'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Composite 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Price 
Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Tracker 
FX Rate 
Valuatio
n Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Management 
Fee: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
(J) 
Dividend 
Reinvestment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with no 
FX (Notional Units)', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)'. 
If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(B) 
Tracker Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Scheduled Trading Day]

--- Page 566 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
565 
 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
] 
 
(D) 
Management 
Fee Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount Style] 
 
- 
Management 
Fee: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee Deduction: 
 
 
- 
Performance 
Fee: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
- 
Hurdle 
Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
(F) 
Lock-In 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In Observation 
Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observat
ion 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]][Any day From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫
] to, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
-
 
Incr
ement 
Percenta
ge: 
[⚫]] 
 
(G) 
High Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement

--- Page 567 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
566 
 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such High Watermark Observation Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the High Watermark Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
FX Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
- 
Price 
Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate, [⚫] 
 
- 
Tracker 
FX Rate 
Valuatio
n Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate, [⚫] 
30. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside 
in 
Investment 
Currency]/[Upside 
in 
Alternative Currency] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at 
or below]/[above]/[at or above] the Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[⚫] [, being [⚫] per cent. per annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a

--- Page 568 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
567 
 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] per annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobon
d Basis]/[Actual/Actual – ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
31. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside 
Settlement 
Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at 
or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] per cent. [, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
(iv) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate (Final), [⚫] 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes of 
determining the FX Rate (Final), [⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual 
Cash 
Settlement 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Downside 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] 
(Delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
is 
Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
Delivery 
Underlying: 
The Underlying

--- Page 569 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
568 
 
 
- 
Conversion 
Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified Amount - [
⚫
]]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish Products] 
 
- 
Settlement 
Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is specified 
to be 'Specified Amount' or 'Calculated Amount – 
Bearish Products' in the Issue Terms) 
 
- 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable 
32. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product]/[Call Warrant Products with 
Lock-In Feature]/[Call Warrant Products with High 
Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put 
Warrant 
Product]/[Call Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Put 
Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Bullish Mini Future 
Product]/[Bearish Mini Future Product]/[Leverage 
Certificate Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] (Repeat as necessary for each Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set being 
'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In respect of each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates, each][Each] date set 
forth in column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment [each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In 
respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [⚫]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant

--- Page 570 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
569 
 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the [Opening 
[Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert 
for Put Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Worst Performing Underlying is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for Knock-Out Warrant Products: Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] the Strike Level]/[Insert for Put Knock-Out 
Warrant Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant Products with High 
Watermark Redemption, Bullish Mini Future 
Products and Bearish Mini Future Products: Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Event) 
 
[- 
Strike 
Basket 
Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
- 
Initial 
Fixing 
Basket: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 571 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
570 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant 
Product 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and Put 
Warrant Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio (Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is specified 
as 'Units')

--- Page 572 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
571 
 
 
(C) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(D) 
Cap 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap 
Percenta
ge 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels 
compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In Observation 
Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫
]][Any day From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫
] to, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial Fixing 
Date, [indicatively, ][ ⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation 
Dates]/[Observation 
Periods]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such High Watermark Observation Date]]

--- Page 573 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
572 
 
 
(B) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business Day]/[Currency Exchange Rate Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference Market Business Day]/[Business 
Day] falling in the High Watermark Observation 
Period 
 
(C) 
High Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Knock-Out Call Warrant Products 
and Knock-Out Put Warrant Products. Not 
Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio (Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is specified 
as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out 
Event: 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] the Knock-Out Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing 
Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out 
Observation Period is [above]/[at or above] the 
Knock-Out Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] the Knock-Out Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing 
Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out 
Observation Period is [below]/[at or below] the 
Knock-Out Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] per cent. [, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and the 
Underlying, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Knock-Out Observation Date]]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 574 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
573 
 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Percenta
ge: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products and 
Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: Stop Loss 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date in the Stop Loss Observation 
Period]/[Insert for Bearish Mini Future Products: 
Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Stop Loss Level on any 
Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop Loss 
Observation Period] 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date and the 
Underlying, the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] per cent. [, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption 
Date: 
[ ⚫] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss 
Event first occurs

--- Page 575 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
574 
 
 
(F) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Mini 
Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Certificate 
Products: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Leverage Certificate Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Financing 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Total Financing 
cost: 
 
 
- 
Financing 
Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
DCF: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[⚫] 
33. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance with Participation]/[Participation 
Certificate with Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as specified in 
the definition of the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single Underlying - as described in 
the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions] 
(Common Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 576 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
575 
 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike Barrier 
Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
Strike Barrier Level]/[Best Performing Underlying 
is [below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier Level]] 
 
- 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is required for 
the definition of Strike Event) 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.] 
of 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]] 
[⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫][and a maximum of 
[⚫]]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [⚫] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, ][ ⚫] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or Final 
Return) 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
- 
[Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 577 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
576 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] zero (0)]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its Initial Fixing Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] its 
Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]': 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.] 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.] 
 
(viii) Downside 
Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a single Underlying: [Final Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike Level]]

--- Page 578 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
577 
 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and Products 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final Fixing 
Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP (FP) 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP (FP) 
– (Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
(FP) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and Product 
is linked to a single Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level 
– Initial Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level 
– Strike Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Strike 
Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and Product 
is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [(Final Fixing 
Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level (Worst))/Initial 
Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) 
– Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP (FR) – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP (FR) – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish Final Basket 
Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)]] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless 'Outperformance Product 
Style' is '[Outperformance with Participation and 
Partial Downside Protection]')) 
 
(xiii) Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket Level is 
required for Final Performance or Final Return)

--- Page 579 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
578 
 
 
(xiv) Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final Performance): 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final Return): 
[[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
34. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short Product with Management 
Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
[In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is specified to 
be 'Single Underlying)) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket of 
Underlyings comprising [insert name of each

--- Page 580 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
579 
 
Underlying that is a part of the Long Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket of 
Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is part of the Short Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop 
Loss 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the Stop 
Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Barrier Level: 
[⚫] per cent. [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [ ⚫] per cent.] of the Initial 
Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫] 
 
(D) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption 
Date: 
[ ⚫] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss 
Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Basket of Underlyings': 
[(LS Final Fixing Basket Level – LS Initial Fixing 
Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[(LS 
Final Fixing Level - LS Strike Level)/LS Initial 
Fixing Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing 
Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [ ⚫] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [ ⚫] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount: [ ⚫] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [ ⚫] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[each] Underlying, [ ⚫] per cent. [, 
subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Underlying] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, 
][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/

--- Page 581 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
580 
 
[highest]/ 
[Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing [Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing 
Index Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(vii) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.] ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [ ⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [ ⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of 
[⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 582 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
581 
 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
[
t
360] / [
actual
365 ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
35. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] (Common Adjustment or Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] (Common Adjustment or Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(c) 
Number 
of 
Underlying 
Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [⚫] per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[High Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately below 
unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]

--- Page 583 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
582 
 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, [⚫]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption Date in 
the Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫], [ ⚫] and [ ⚫]]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], 
the date set forth in column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫]]/[⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable. 
[Each 
of 
the 
following: [From, [and including]/[but excluding] [
⚫] to, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] (Repeat 
as necessary for each Autocall Observation 
Period)]/[Each period specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Period(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level [on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date]/[in respect of any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and each 
[Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], [Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per 
cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] 
and 
an 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the percentage 
of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger 
Level' in the row corresponding to such [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation 
[Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 584 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
583 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level: 
[Specified Amount - [⚫]]/[Calculated Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket Level is 
required for Autocall Trigger Basket Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]] of 
the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread (Note or Certificate)]/[Accrual Steepener 
(Warrant)]/[Single Look (Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments 
for 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying Valuation 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF 
Accrual]/[Single 
Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
DCF 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫]][⚫]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and

--- Page 585 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
584 
 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date specified 
in the column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable 
– 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding], 
[
⚫
] 
to, 
[and 
including]/[but excluding], [⚫]] (Repeat as necessary 
for each Coupon Observation Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' 
or others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 2]/[each 
Underlying], [Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 2]/[each 
Underlying], [Indicatively, ][⚫] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume Weighted Average Price]/[Opening 
Index Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference Rate] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of Strike 
Level)

--- Page 586 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
585 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In 
respect 
of 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying],[⚫], [⚫] and [
⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] [or] 
[Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on 
such [Coupon Observation Date] [or] [Final Fixing 
Date]]/  
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫][, subject to a minimum of [⚫] [and 
a maximum of [⚫]]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ] [⚫] per cent.[, subject to a minimum 
of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [⚫] per cent.]]

--- Page 587 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
586 
 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][⚫] [, subject to a minimum of [⚫] 
[and a maximum of [⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [⚫] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [⚫] per cent. [and a maximum of [
⚫] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying[s]:] 
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:] 
[[Underlying
] Initial 
Fixing Date:] 
[ ⚫] (Insert relevant 
Level as defined in the 
relevant 
Payout 
Conditions 
and 
as 
specified 
in 
this 
Pricing Supplement. 
Repeat as necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Service 
Provider(s)][:] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
37. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫]]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding 
to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 588 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
587 
 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[⚫]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Share]] 
[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
 (Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share)

--- Page 589 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
588 
 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
38. 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
[ISIN: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the 
relevant Participation Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate)

--- Page 590 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
589 
 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of 
days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Participation 
Certificate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]//[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate)

--- Page 591 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
590 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [lowest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
39. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index)

--- Page 592 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
591 
 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫]]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Index 
Sponsor(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Index Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the [Closing 
Index Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any 
time] 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Index]] 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index)

--- Page 593 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
592 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open 
Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
 (Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
40. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in

--- Page 594 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
593 
 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[ ⚫]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Depositary Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt)

--- Page 595 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
594 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [ ⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such 
Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [⚫], [
⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
41. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 596 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
595 
 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[
⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the Commodity Reference Price on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] 
[for such Commodity]]] 
 
 
[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial

--- Page 597 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
596 
 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[
⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final Fixing 
Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the Commodity Reference 
Price on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
42. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)']

--- Page 598 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
597 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(c) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [
⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(f) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[ 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [ ⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency Price) 
 
(g) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[ 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [ ⚫]]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 599 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
598 
 
 
(h) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency 
Price], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference 
Currency Price) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(l) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
Currency 
Exchange Reference Rate on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Currency Exchange Rate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level)

--- Page 600 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
599 
 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(n) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
43. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures Contract 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Futures Contract]/[Each 
futures contract set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)']

--- Page 601 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
600 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(d) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(e) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[Intraday 
Price 
at 
any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Futures Contract]]

--- Page 602 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
601 
 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [ ⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the Final Fixing 
Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [⚫], [⚫
] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures Contract)

--- Page 603 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
602 
 
44. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products] [and] [Derivative 
Instrument Linked Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)']/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fixed Rate 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument], [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)']/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Derivative 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Derivative Instrument], 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(e) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], [⚫]]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify 
number of days)]

--- Page 604 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
603 
 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Instrument]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such Instrument]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ ⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
[
⚫
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Instrument]]

--- Page 605 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
604 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ ⚫], [⚫] 
and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
45. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each ETF 
share set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [ ⚫]]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
- 
Fund 
Reference 
Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(g) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 606 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
605 
 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
ETF Share]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date in the Initial Lookback Observation Period] 
[for such ETF Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date]

--- Page 607 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
606 
 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
46. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each fund 
unit set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund Unit 
and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and such 
relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [ ⚫] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the

--- Page 608 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
607 
 
NAV on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Fund Unit]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund 
Unit], the NAV on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [⚫], [⚫] and [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
47. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference Rate 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 609 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
608 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Reference Rate]/[Each 
reference rate set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫]]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Screen Page(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], rounded to 
the nearest [⚫] decimal place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[⚫][, being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference 
Rate], the Screen Rate on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Reference Rate]] 
 
 
[[[⚫], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the 
Screen 
Rate 
on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate)

--- Page 610 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
609 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [ ⚫] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [⚫]] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫]]/[Insert 
for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the Screen Rate on each 
Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such Reference 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], [⚫], [⚫] and 
[⚫] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference Rate) 
General provisions 
48. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert if applicable for Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities

--- Page 611 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
610 
 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if applicable for 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
[Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated form 
in accordance with article 973c of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations] 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a 
permanent global certificate in accordance with 
article 973b of the Swiss Code of Obligations]. 
 
 
[Uncertificated Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[Uncertificated SIX SIS Securities] 
49. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of this Pricing 
Supplement] / [Not Applicable] 
50. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
51. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
52. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
53. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation)/ [
⚫] (specify number of days)] 
54. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
[insert 
number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify 
percentage 
or 
value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
55. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[⚫] 
56. 
Paying Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[⚫] 
57. 
Additional Agents: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
58. 
Notice Website: 
[⚫] 
59. 
[Name(s)] [and address(es)] of Lead 
Manager 
[and 
Dealer(s)] 
[and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 
Zurich, Switzerland] 
 
 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
60. 
Governing Law: 
[English law] [Swiss law] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION

--- Page 612 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
611 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Products to be [listed and] [admitted to trading 
on] the [multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivative financial instruments (the "SeDeX 
Market") organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.]/[multilateral trading facility 
Spectrum Markets]/[multilateral trading facility 
Hi-MTF (managed by Hi-MTF SIM S.p.A)]/ 
[multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed 
by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A)]/[Spectrum multilateral 
trading facility (organised and managed by 
Spectrum MTF Operator GmbH)]/[Hi-Cert 
market segment of the multilateral trading 
facility Hi-Mtf (organised and managed by Hi-
Mtf Sim S.p.A.)]/[Open Market (Freiverkehr) of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[Nasdaq Helsinki]/[ ⚫]. [The 
Tranche [⚫] Products[, Tranche [⚫] Products][ 
and Tranche [ ⚫] Products] were [listed and] 
[admitted to trading] on [the multilateral trading 
facility of the SeDeX Market (organised and 
managed 
by 
Borsa 
Italiana 
S.p.A)]/[the 
multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed 
by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A)]/[the Open Market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss 
Exchange]/[⚫] on or around [⚫][,[⚫]][and [⚫], 
respectively] 
 
 
[The Products shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ⚫] Products [, the Tranche [ ⚫] 
Products][or the Tranche [⚫] Products] until such 
time as the Products are [listed] [and] [admitted 
to trading] as indicated above.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
[RATINGS] 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually rated.] 
 
 
[The Products to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider]

--- Page 613 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
612 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[⚫]3 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫][General funding] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat 
as necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
 
3  
Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3.

--- Page 614 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
613 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuers understanding of the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject to 
change. 
Products held through a Relevant Clearing System 
Transfers of Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only through the 
Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Products to be transferred are held. Title will pass upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s) and in accordance with the 
local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such Relevant Clearing Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will be shown on, and transfers 
thereof will be effected through, records maintained by the Relevant Clearing System(s) and its 
respective participants.  
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg have published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interests in Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities among participants and 
accountholders of Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent or the Lead Manager will be responsible 
for any performance by Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Products represented by Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg customers 
are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg is available 
to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of 
either system. 
Monte Titoli 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") is an Italian public limited liability company which manages 
account operations and clearing activities for the Italian financial market. Monte Titoli is an authorised 
securities register pursuant to article 80 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 
as amended from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act"). Monte Titoli is part of the London 
Stock Exchange Group. 
SIX SIS AG 
SIX SIS AG is part of SIX Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository, SIX SIS AG 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody 
services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS AG settles securities transactions 
worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities.

--- Page 615 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
614 
 
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS AG is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money.

--- Page 616 ---
Taxation 
615 
 
TAXATION 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the investor is resident 
and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from 
the Products. 
The level and basis of taxation on the Products and on the investor depend on the investors 
individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the 
return received by the investor under the Product. 
1. 
General taxation information 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law 
and practice currently applicable to the Products. Transactions involving Products 
(including purchases, transfers and/or redemptions), the accrual or receipt of any interest 
or premium payable on the Products, the delivery of any entitlement and the death of a 
holder of any Product may have tax consequences for Investors which may depend, 
amongst other things, upon the tax residence and/or status of the Investor, the terms and 
conditions of the particular Product and the relevant law and practice of taxation 
authorities in relevant jurisdictions. Investors are therefore advised to consult their own 
tax advisers as to the tax consequences of transactions involving Products and the effect 
of any tax laws in any jurisdiction in which they may be tax resident or otherwise liable to 
tax. In particular, no representation is made as to the manner in which payments under 
the Products would be characterised by any relevant taxing authority. 
The following overviews do not consider the tax treatment of payments or deliveries in respect 
of the relevant Underlying(s). The taxation provisions applicable to such items may be different 
(and in some cases significantly different) from those described in the overview below. 
Purchasers and/or sellers of Products may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in 
addition to the issue price or purchase price (if different) of the Products and in connection with 
the transfer or delivery of any Underlying.  
Investors are referred to General Condition 5.5 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to 
settlement) and General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement). 
Terms defined in the sections below are defined for the purpose of the relevant section only.  
2. 
Guernsey Taxation  
The following summary is general in nature and relates only to the anticipated tax treatment in 
Guernsey that applies to persons holding any Products as an investment. The summary does not 
constitute legal or tax advice and is based on Guernsey taxation law and practice as it is 
understood to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus. Investors and prospective investors 
should be aware that the level and bases of taxation may change from those described and should 
consult their own professional advisors on the implications of acquiring, holding, disposing of, 
transferring or redeeming any Products under the laws of the countries in which they are liable 
to taxation. 
(i) 
Stamp Taxes: No stamp duty or document duty will be levied or charged in Guernsey 
upon the issue of the Products or upon the transfer, sale or redemption of the Products. 
(ii) 
Payments of Interest and Redemption Proceeds: Payments of interest and the payment 
of capital proceeds arising upon the redemption or repurchase of the Products to non-
Guernsey residents will not be subject to Guernsey withholding tax. 
(iii) 
Capital Taxes: Guernsey does not levy capital taxes upon any gains by non-Guernsey 
resident investors on securities or debt instruments.

--- Page 617 ---
Taxation 
616 
 
3. 
Italian Taxation  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Products and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Investors in the Products are advised 
to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of 
the Products. The following analysis is an overview of certain material Italian tax 
considerations relating to (i) Products issued by the Issuer where the Investor is tax resident in 
Italy or the investment is related to an Italian permanent establishment or (ii) Products are 
deposited with or any payment of interest and proceeds is made through a Paying Agent, 
custodian or intermediary located in Italy.  
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an Investor with respect to Products 
that will be redeemed by physical delivery.  
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Products may be different 
depending on whether:  
(i) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di 
capitale), through which the subscriber of the Products transfers to the Issuer a certain 
amount of capital for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and 
subject to the right to obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or  
(ii) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative 
financial instruments not entailing a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of 
the Products invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of 
obtaining a profit deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments.  
The content of this section of the Base Prospectus assumes that the Issuer is neither resident for 
tax purposes in Italy, nor it has a permanent establishment located in Italy. 
(i) 
Products characterising as "bonds or debentures similar to bonds" 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239"), as subsequently amended, provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income 
(including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Products 
falling in the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by a non-Italian resident issuer. For this purpose, bonds and 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder 
any direct or indirect right of participation in (or of control of) management of the Issuer. 
Italian resident Investors  
Where the Italian resident Investor of the Products is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected (unless he has opted for the 
application of the risparmio gestito regime – see "Capital Gains Tax" below), (ii) a non-
commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to 
the Products, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Investors 
described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Products are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Investor of the Products is a company or similar commercial entity or 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Products are effectively 
connected and the Products are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium

--- Page 618 ---
Taxation 
617 
 
and other income from the Products will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Investor's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate income taxation ("IRES") (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" 
of the Investor, also to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP")).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of interest in respect of the Products made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law 
No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital ("Real 
Estate SICAFs", and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the "Real 
Estate Funds") are subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
a Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent., subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of 
the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder 
regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, an 
Italian investment company with fixed capital ("SICAF") or an Italian investment company 
with variable capital ("SICAV") established in Italy (together the "Fund") and either (i) the 
Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant 
Products are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued 
during the holding period on the Products will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a substitute tax of 26 per cent., (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax") will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Where an Italian resident Investor of the Products is a pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the 
Products are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Products and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies 
(società di intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management 
companies (società di gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified 
by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary").  
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest 
or in the transfer of the Products. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of Products includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Products or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Products are deposited.  
Where the Products are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to an Investor of a Product. If 
interest and other proceeds on the Products are not collected through an Intermediary or any 
entity paying the income and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, Italian resident beneficial 
owners will be required to include interest and other proceeds in their yearly income tax return 
and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. The Italian individual investor may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax ("IRPEF") at the applicable progressive rates 
in respect of the payments; if so, the investor should generally benefit from a tax credit for 
withholding taxes applied outside of Italy, if any. 
Non-Italian Resident Investors

--- Page 619 ---
Taxation 
618 
 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Investor of 
Products of interest or premium relating to the Products provided that, if the Products are 
deposited with an Intermediary in Italy, the non-Italian resident Investor of Products declares 
itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations.  
(ii) 
Taxation of Products not guaranteeing the full repayment of principal  
The Products – when they do not represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" 
(impiego di capitale), through which the Investor transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of 
capital, for the economic exploitation of the same, subject to the unconditional right to obtain 
the entire reimbursement of such amount at maturity - may be subject to different tax regimes 
depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent derivative financial instruments; or 
(b) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the Investor transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the 
economic exploitation of the same, and qualifying as atypical securities according to 
Article 8 of Law Decree N° 512 of 30 September 1983. 
(a) 
Products representing derivative financial instruments 
Provided that the Products qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of 
Italian tax law, the following consequences apply to an Investor pursuant to Article 67 
of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended 
("TUIR").  
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, 
where the Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Products are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a 
non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, any income deriving from the Products is subject to a 26 per 
cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva). The recipient may opt for the three different 
taxation criteria, regime della dichiarazione, risparmio amministrato and risparmio 
gestito, described in the "Capital Gains Tax" paragraph below.  
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the 
Italian permanent establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Products are 
effectively connected, income arising from the Products will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's income tax return and are 
therefore subject to Italian corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the investors also as a part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes.  
Where (i) an Italian resident investor is a Fund, (ii) the relevant Products are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, and (iii) the Fund realises a taxable income, such 
income will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but subsequent 
distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax.  
Income realised by an Italian resident Investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject 
to the regime provided by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 
2005) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad hoc substitute tax.  
Any income realised by an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  
Any income deriving from the Products by non-Italian resident Investors without a 
permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Products are effectively 
connected are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Products are held outside 
Italy or the income derive from transactions executed in regulated markets.

--- Page 620 ---
Taxation 
619 
 
Income realised by non-Italian resident Investors on Products not traded on regulated 
markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediary in 
Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) 
is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy, is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees 
issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (the "White List"); (b) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is 
resident in a country which is included in the White List, even if not subject to tax in its 
own country of residence.  
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the 
Products with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must 
withdraw from the so-called risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the 
application of an imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the relevant Products - and file with the relevant depositary a statement in 
which the Investor declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official 
reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001.  
If none of the conditions above are met and the Products are deposited with a bank, a 
SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, income realised by non-Italian 
resident Investors from the sale or redemption of the Products are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident individuals 
or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Products are 
connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
income deriving from the Products are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence 
of the recipient and comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Products.  
(b) 
Atypical securities  
In accordance with a different interpretation of current tax law, there is a possibility that 
the Products that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) would be considered as 
'atypical' securities pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 
as implemented by Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983 ("Atypical Securities"). In this 
event, payments relating to Products may be subject to an Italian withholding tax, levied 
at the rate of 26 per cent. Such withholding is levied by any entities, resident in Italy, 
which intervene, in any way, in the collection of payment or transfer of the Products. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest payments 
made to a non-Italian resident Investor of Products and to an Italian resident Investor of 
Products which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian 
permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a 
commercial private or public institution. Such income might be subject to income tax in 
the respective Investor’s jurisdiction of residence. 
Payments made by a non-resident Guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Investor of Products by a non-Italian resident 
guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by 
the non-Italian resident guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made 
by the relevant Issuer and would thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous 
paragraphs of this section.

--- Page 621 ---
Taxation 
620 
 
Capital Gains 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Products would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Investor, also as 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to 
which the Products are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Products are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Investor is (i) an individual not holding the Products in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Investor from the sale or 
redemption of the Products would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. Investors of Products may set off losses against gains, subject to conditions.  
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below.  
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Investors of a Product under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised 
by the Italian resident individuals holding Products not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Products carried out during any given tax 
year. The relevant Investor of a Product must indicate the overall capital gain realised in any tax 
year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in its annual tax return and pay the imposta 
sostitutiva on such gain together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of 
the four succeeding tax years, subject to certain limits.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Products 
under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Products (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Products being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and (ii) an express election for the risparmio 
amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Investor of Products. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Products (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Investor of Products or using 
funds provided by the Investor of Products for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato 
regime, where a sale or redemption of the Products results in a capital loss, such loss may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in 
the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth, subject to certain limits.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian Investors of a Product under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Products, to an authorised 
intermediary and have opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, 
at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets 
accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years, subject to certain limits. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, the Investor of Products is not required to declare the capital gains realised in its 
annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realized by an Investor of Products which is an Italian Fund will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will 
not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.

--- Page 622 ---
Taxation 
621 
 
Any capital gains realised by an Investor of Products which is an Italian pension fund (subject 
to the regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be 
subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Any capital gains realised by an Investor of Products which is an Italian Real Estate Fund will 
be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate 
Fund.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Investors of Products from the sale or redemption 
of the Products are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Products (i) are traded on 
regulated markets, or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Investors from the sale or redemption of Products 
not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial 
intermediary in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the White List; (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an 
entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional 
investor which is resident in a country which is included in the White List, even if not subject 
to tax in its own country of residence.  
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Products 
with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from 
the so-called risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant 
Products - and file with the relevant depositary a statement in which the Investor declares to be 
eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, 
which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or 
entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001.  
If none of the conditions above are met and the Products are deposited with a bank, a SIM or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Investors are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, 
non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Products are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing 
that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Products are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with the relevant formalities, will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy. 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 
2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or 
other securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
1. 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of four per cent. on the value of the inheritance 
or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
2. 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of six per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the six per 
cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for 
each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
3. 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of eight per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.

--- Page 623 ---
Taxation 
622 
 
If the transfer is made in the favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the 
rate mentioned above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax contracts relating to the transfer of Products are 
subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed 
registration tax at the rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax in case of 
use or voluntary registration.  
Stamp duty  
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a proportional 
stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be 
sent by a financial intermediary to an Investor in respect of any Products which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and 
it cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers who are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined 
on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value 
or redemption amount of the Products held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in 
the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any 
form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for 
instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on Products deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Products 
outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. 
("IVAFE").  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Products at the end of the relevant year or – if 
no market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial 
assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent 
to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an 
amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Pursuant to article 1(710) of Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019, as of fiscal year 2020 the 
mentioned tax is also due by Italian resident non-commercial entities and Italian partnerships 
(i.e. società semplici and assimilated companies) holding the Products outside the Italian 
territory. 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, 
as amended, individuals (and certain other entities) resident in Italy who hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid 
and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the 
income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as 
prescribed for the income tax return). This also applies in the case that, at the end of the tax 
year, Products are no longer held by the above Italian resident individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case the financial assets are deposited 
for management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional 
intermediaries, indicated in article 1 of Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, or if one of such 
intermediaries intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided that income deriving 
from such financial assets is collected thorough the intervention of such an intermediary. 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT")

--- Page 624 ---
Taxation 
623 
 
Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depositary receipts representing 
those shares and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively 
referred to as "In-Scope Shares"), received by an Investor upon physical settlement of the 
Products may be subject to 0.2 per cent. IFTT calculated on the higher of the exercise value of 
the Products as determined according to Article 4 of the Ministerial Decree of 21 February 2013, 
as amended (the "IFTT Decree").  
Investors in derivative transactions or transferable securities, including certificates, and, certain 
equity-linked notes, mainly having as underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope Shares are 
subject to IFTT at a rate ranging between €0.01875 and €200 per counterparty, depending on 
the notional value of the relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities calculated 
pursuant to Article 9 of the IFTT Decree. IFTT applies upon subscription, negotiation or 
modification of the derivative transactions or transferable securities or the equity linked notes, 
as described above. The tax rate may be reduced to a fifth if the transaction is executed on certain 
qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
Products included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from (i) Italian income taxation, including the withholding tax on proceeds 
relating to Atypical Securities, (ii) capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
capital gains realised under Securities, or (iii) inheritance taxes on mortis causa transfers of 
financial instruments, if such Atypical Securities or Products are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the 
"Finance Act 2017") and in Article 1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (the 
"Finance Act 2019"), as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, or, for long-
term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established as 
of 1 January 2020, the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 
October 2019 (the "Decree No. 124") as converted with amendments into law by Law No. 157 
of 19 December 2019 (the "Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020"), as amended from time 
to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian 
resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account 
compliant with Article 13- bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 
may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. 
including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains). 
Implementation in Italy of the EU Savings Directive 
Italy has implemented the EU Savings Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 
2005 ("Decree No. 84"). Under Decree No. 84, subject to a number of important conditions 
being met, in the case of interest paid to individuals which qualify as beneficial owners of the 
interest payment and are resident for tax purposes in another Member State, Italian qualified 
paying agents shall not apply the withholding tax and shall report to the Italian Tax Authorities 
details of the relevant payments and personal information on the individual beneficial owner. 
Such information is transmitted by the Italian Tax Authorities to the competent foreign tax 
authorities of the State of residence of the beneficial owner. 
On 10 November 2015, the Council of the European Union adopted a Council Directive (EU) 
2015/2060 repealing, with effect from 1 January 2017 in the case of Austria and from 1 January 
2016 in the case of all EU Member States, the EU Savings Directive ("Repealing Directive") 
to prevent overlap between the Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of 
information regime provided for by Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative

--- Page 625 ---
Taxation 
624 
 
Cooperation in the field of Taxation (implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree No. 29 
of 4 March 2014).  
The new regime under the Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU and by Council Directive 2015/2376/EU) is in accordance with the Global 
Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in July 2014 
and is generally broader in scope than the Saving Directive, although it does not impose 
withholding taxes. 
For the purposes of the implementation in Italy of the Directive 2015/2060, Law No. 122 of 7 
July 2016 has repealed the Decree No. 84 with effect from 1 January 2016. 
4. 
Swiss Taxation 
4.1 
Swiss Federal Stamp Duties 
Neither the issuance of Products nor the trade of Products which classify as pure derivatives for 
Swiss Federal Stamp Duty purposes are normally subject to Swiss Federal Issuance Tax 
(Emissionsabgabe) and/or Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax (Umsatzabgabe) even if an 
Issuer resident in Switzerland issues the Products. Exemptions to these rules apply to Products 
which, due to specific features, are considered debt financing instruments (bonds or money 
market securities), share-like or fund-like products, as well as Low Exercise Price Options 
(LEPO) on shares (with a maturity exceeding one year) for purposes of Swiss Federal Stamp 
Duty law. These specific types of products are in general subject to Swiss Federal Securities 
Transfer Tax. If upon the exercise or redemption of a Product an underlying security is delivered 
to the investors, the transfer of the underlying security may be subject to Swiss Federal 
Securities Transfer Tax (i) of 0.15% in the case of an underlying security which has been issued 
by a Swiss resident issuer or (ii) of 0.3% in the case of an underlying security which has been 
issued by an issuer resident abroad, provided in both cases that a Swiss securities dealer 
(Effektenhändler), as defined in art. 13 para. 3 of the Swiss Federal Act on Stamp Duties 
(Bundesgesetz über die Stempelabgaben), is a party to the transaction with the Products or acts 
as an intermediary thereto. Certain exemptions may, inter alia, apply regarding certain 
institutional investors such as mutual funds, life insurance companies and social security 
institutions. 
On 14 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council agreed on its dispatch regarding the reform of the 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax. As part of this dispatch, the Swiss Federal Council proposed 
to abolish the Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax of 0.15% on domestic bonds. Please refer 
to the below Swiss Withholding Tax section for further details on the expected timeline for the 
implementation of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax reform. 
4.2 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax  
Products issued by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited 
All payments by EFGIF Limited, of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Products will 
be made without deduction of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, provided the EFGIF Limited 
does not qualify at any time as a Swiss tax resident for Swiss Federal Withholding Tax purposes 
and the proceeds of the Products will be used outside of Switzerland unless use in Switzerland 
is permitted under applicable Swiss tax rules (all as interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities). 
Products issued by EFG Bank AG 
Payments of interest (including original issue discount, repayment premium or interest accrued 
upon redemption) by EFG Bank in respect of Products issued by it will be subject to 35% Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax. An Investor of a Product issued by EFG Bank who resides in 
Switzerland or holds the Product through a permanent establishment in Switzerland, and who, 
at the time the payment of interest is due, is the beneficial recipient of the payment of interest 
and, in the case of an Investor who is an individual duly reports the gross payment of interest in 
his or her tax return, or, in the case of an Investor who is a legal entity or an individual required 
to keep accounting books includes such payment as earnings in the income statement, is 
basically entitled to claim a full refund for the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax. An Investor of

--- Page 626 ---
Taxation 
625 
 
a such a Product who does not reside in Switzerland and does not hold the Product through a 
permanent establishment in Switzerland may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss 
federal withholding tax by virtue of the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, if 
any, between Switzerland and the country of residence of such Investor. 
Reform of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax regime 
The above mentioned dispatch by the Swiss Federal Council dated 14 April 2021 largely 
abolishes Swiss Federal Withholding Tax on interest bearing investments (also for Swiss 
resident individuals) except for deposits held by Swiss resident individuals at banks and 
insurance companies. The Swiss parliament is expected to discuss and (potentially) approve the 
draft legislation in 2021. Due to necessary amendments of ordinances, the new law is in any 
case not expected to enter into force before 1 January 2024. 
4.3 
Swiss Income Taxes at interest payment or repayment of principal 
The Swiss Federation, Cantons and Communes in Switzerland are entitled to impose Swiss 
Income Taxes. 
Payments of interest on the Products and repayment of principal of the Products to an investor 
who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the tax period, has not engaged in a trade 
or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within Switzerland 
and who is not subject to income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason ("Non-Resident 
Holders of the Products") will not be liable to Swiss Income Taxes. 
Holders of the Products who are individuals resident in Switzerland who hold the Products as 
private assets ("Resident Holders of the Products") and who receive payments of interest on 
Products are required to include such amounts in their personal income tax return and will be 
taxable on any net taxable income (including the payments of interest on the Products) for the 
respective tax period. In the case of Products with a "predominant one-time interest payment" 
(Obligationen mit überwiegender Einmalverzinsung), the increase in the value of the Products 
at sale or maturity, being the positive amount of the sales price less the issuance or later purchase 
price or, in the case of Products purchased after issuance and held to maturity, the positive 
amount of the redemption amount less the purchase price, is also taxable income and does not 
qualify as a tax-free capital gain. The offsetting of losses realised on the sale of Products with a 
'predominant one-time interest payment' is, according to the practice of the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, limited to gains on the sale of any Products with a 'predominant one-time 
interest payment' within the same tax period. 
Individual taxpayers who hold Products as part of Swiss business assets, and corporate taxpayers 
holding Products as part of Swiss business assets ("Domestic Commercial Holders of the 
Products") who receive payments of interest on Products, are required to recognize the 
payments of interest on Products as earnings in their profit and loss statement for the respective 
tax period, and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings (including the payments of interest 
on the Products) for such period. The same applies to Swiss resident individual investors who 
qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger 
Wertschriftenhändler). 
4.4 
Swiss Income Taxes at sale or redemption 
Products held by Non-Resident Holders of the Products will not be liable to Swiss Income Taxes 
on gains realized from the sale or redemption of the Products. 
Resident Holders of the Products who sell or otherwise dispose of the Products in principle 
realize a tax-free capital gain or a tax-neutral capital loss, respectively for Swiss Income Tax 
purposes. In the case of gains or losses realized on Products with a "predominant one-time 
interest payment" please refer to the explanations above relative to income taxation of principal 
or interest. 
Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products are required to recognize capital gains or losses 
realized on the sale of the Products in their profit and loss statement for the respective tax period, 
and will be liable to Swiss Income Tax on any net profit from such sale. The same applies to

--- Page 627 ---
Taxation 
626 
 
Swiss resident individual investors who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for 
Swiss Income Tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). 
4.5 
Wealth Tax / Capital Tax 
Cantons and Communes in Switzerland are entitled to impose a Wealth and/or Capital Tax. At 
federal level, no such tax is levied. 
Non-Resident Holders of the Products are not liable to Wealth Tax or Capital Tax. 
Resident Holders of the Products or individuals that are Domestic Commercial Holders of the 
Products are required to report the Products as part of their private wealth or as part of their 
Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and are liable to Wealth Tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Products). In the case of individuals that are Domestic Commercial Holders of 
the Products, however, they are only liable to Wealth Tax to the extent aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland.  
Corporate Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products are required to report the Products as 
part of their assets in their financial statements and are subject to Capital Tax on net taxable 
equity. In the case of a non-Swiss resident corporate Domestic Commercial Holders of the 
Products holding Products as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, however, they are only 
liable to Capital Tax to the extent aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland.  
4.6 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement. 
Such Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement is based on article 6 of the Organization for 
Economic Cooperation and Development/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of 
Information ("AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of 
Information in Tax Matters ("AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act 
is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, 
compliance with the principle of specialty (i.e., the information exchanged may only be used to 
assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementation of Swiss law, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may 
be, the Products, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with 
a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a European Union 
member state or in a treaty state. As regards the United Kingdom, as of 1 January 2021, the 
AEOI between Switzerland and the United Kingdom is continued on the basis of a Multilateral 
Competent Authority Agreement. 
4.7 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of 
the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be 
exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation 
agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council 
approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-
based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
5. 
United States Taxation

--- Page 628 ---
Taxation 
627 
 
The following is an overview of certain of the material US federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Products by a non-US holder that has no 
connection to the United States other than holding the Products. For purposes of this section, a 
"non-US holder" is a beneficial owner of Products that is: (i) a non-resident alien individual for 
US federal income tax purposes; (ii) a foreign corporation for US federal income tax purposes; 
or (iii) an estate or trust whose income is not subject to US federal income tax on a net income 
basis. If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes) holds Products, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of 
the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. Investors that are not non-US holders or 
investors that are partnerships, should consult their tax advisers with regard to the US federal 
income tax considerations of an investment in the Products. 
This summary is based on interpretations of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code"), Treasury regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and decisions currently in effect 
(or in some cases proposed), all of which are subject to change. Any of those changes may be 
applied retroactively and may adversely affect the US federal income tax consequences 
described herein. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
application of US federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of Products arising under 
the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE US FEDERAL, 
STATE, LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF PRODUCTS.  
Withholding Under Section 871(m) 
Under section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial 
instrument that directly or indirectly references a US company may be treated as a "dividend 
equivalent" payment from sources within the United States. Such payments generally will be 
subject to US withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. The regulations provide that a payment 
includes a dividend equivalent payment whether there is an explicit or implicit reference to a 
dividend with respect to the underlying security. An underlying security is any interest in an 
entity if a payment with respect to that interest could give rise to a US source dividend. Certain 
exceptions may apply to an issue of Products that references an index that is treated as a 
"qualified index". 
Final regulations and administrative guidance provide that with respect to a financial instrument 
issued on or after 1 January 2017 and before 1 January 2023, an instrument that has a delta of 
one with respect to an underlying security will be subject to withholding. With respect to a 
financial instrument issued on or after 1 January 2023, (a) a "simple" financial instrument that 
has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect to an underlying security and (b) a "complex" financial 
instrument that meets the "substantial equivalence test" with respect to an underlying security 
will be subject to withholding under section 871(m). The delta of a simple instrument is 
determined, and the substantial equivalence test for a complex instrument is performed, on the 
earlier of the date that the financial instrument is priced and the date when the financial 
instrument is issued; however, the issue date must be used if the financial instrument is priced 
more than 14 calendar days before it is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence 
of Products that are sold or acquired after their initial issuance may, in certain cases, be required 
to be retested at the time of sale. If such Products are determined to be section 871(m) 
transactions, it is possible that all holders of Products, including holders of Products sold at their 
initial issuance, may be adversely affected if the Issuer or a withholding agent does not, or is 
unable to, identify and distinguish Products sold at initial issuance and thereafter. 
Certain events may cause previously issued Products to be deemed to be new issuances for 
purposes of the effective dates provided in the regulations. For example, it is possible that the 
IRS could assert that a reconstitution or rebalancing of an underlying basket or index is a 
significant modification of a Product due to an exercise of discretion with respect to such 
reconstitution or rebalancing and a deemed reissuance upon the occurrence of such event. It is 
also possible that US withholding tax could apply to the Products under these rules if a holder 
enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of the underlying equity or the

--- Page 629 ---
Taxation 
628 
 
Products. A holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of the underlying 
or the Products should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of section 871(m) 
to its Products in the context of its other transactions. 
Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends or, if otherwise notified by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable regulations, on estimated dividends used in pricing the 
Product. If a Product provides for any payments in addition to estimated dividends to reflect 
dividends on the underlying security, withholding will be based on total payments. If the 
Products are subject to withholding under section 871(m), information regarding the amount of 
each dividend equivalent and any other information necessary to apply the regulations in respect 
of such Products will be provided, communicated, or made available to holders of the Products 
in a manner permitted by the applicable regulations. Withholding tax may apply even where 
holders do not receive a concurrent payment on the Products in respect of dividends on a 
reference asset. US tax will be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment on the 
Products treated as a dividend equivalent. 
If payments on the Products are subject to withholding under section 871(m), the Issuer expects 
to withhold at 30 per cent. even if a holder is otherwise eligible for a reduction under an 
applicable treaty. Non-US holders that are entitled to a lower rate of withholding under a tax 
treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a US tax return. 
However, holders may not receive the necessary information to properly claim a refund for any 
withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the IRS may not credit 
a holder for withholding taxes remitted in respect of a Product for purposes of claiming a refund. 
Finally, a holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the holder to take a credit for US 
withholding taxes related to dividend equivalent amounts. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
The relevant Issue Terms may indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Product is subject to 
withholding under section 871(m). Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on 
holders, it is not binding on the IRS. The IRS may successfully argue that a Product is subject 
to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. 
The section 871(m) regulations are extremely complex. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the US federal income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and 
regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments on the Products constitute 
dividend equivalent payments. 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the US Foreign Investment in Real 
Property Tax Act ("FIRPTA"), a Non-US Holder may be subject to US federal income tax on 
a disposition of a United States real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI 
may be an interest in US real property or an interest in a United States real property holding 
corporation (a "USRPHC") within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. However, an 
interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed generally 5 per cent. (10 per cent. in the case a real 
estate investment trust) of the corporation's regularly traded stock is not a USRPI, after taking 
into account shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, indirectly or 
constructively owned by such Non-US Holder. In addition, holding Products may also impact 
the taxation of such other shares or interests. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of 
shares that are components of an index or basket, is a USRPHC. If a Product is a USRPI, any 
gain from the disposition thereof generally would be subject to US federal income tax and 
required to be reported by the Non-US Holder on a US federal income tax return, and the amount 
realised on such disposition would in certain cases be subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per 
cent. Even if the Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurance that a withholding agent 
will not withhold in respect of a Product. A Non-US Holder may have US income tax liability 
that exceeds amounts withheld, if any. Neither the Issuer nor a withholding agent will pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability arising under section 897 
of the Code. Non-US Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application 
of section 897 to an investment in the Products.

--- Page 630 ---
Taxation 
629 
 
US Federal Estate Tax 
Products may be subject to US federal estate tax if an individual holds the Products at the time 
of his or her death. The gross estate of a holder domiciled outside the United States includes 
only property situated in the United States. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding 
the US federal estate tax consequences of holding the Products at death. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
A holder may be subject to backup withholding with respect to certain amounts paid to such 
holder unless it provides a correct taxpayer identification number, complies with certain 
certification procedures establishing that it is not a US person or establishes proof of another 
applicable exemption, and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup 
withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. A holder can claim a credit 
against its US federal income tax liability for amounts withheld under the backup withholding 
rules, and amounts in excess of its liability are refundable if such holder provides the required 
information to the IRS in a timely fashion. A holder may also be subject to information reporting 
to the IRS with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless it (1) provides a properly 
executed IRS Form W-8 (or other qualifying documentation) or (2) otherwise establishes a basis 
for exemption. If such withholding applies, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
6. 
FATCA 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
any US or non-US fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Code or any other non-US tax information reporting regimes ("FATCA"), a 30 
per cent withholding tax may be imposed on "withholdable payments" and certain "passthru 
payments" made to (i) a "foreign financial institution" unless the financial institution complies 
with, among other things, certain information reporting and withholding obligations with 
respect to its accounts in accordance with applicable rules, and (ii) any other holder or beneficial 
owner that does not comply with the Issuer's or an intermediary financial institution's request 
for ownership certifications and identifying information. The failure to provide such 
information, or the failure of certain non-US financial institutions to comply with FATCA, may 
compel the Issuer or an intermediary to withhold 30 per cent. on payments on the Products to 
such holders. Neither the Issuer nor any other person will pay any additional amounts with 
respect to such withholding.  
Withholding under FATCA applies currently to "withholdable payments" and with respect to 
"foreign passthru payments," will apply no earlier than the date that is two years after the date 
on which final US Treasury regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the withholding provisions of FATCA discussed above 
generally will not apply to any obligation (other than an obligation that is treated as equity for 
US tax purposes or that lacks a stated expiration or term) that is outstanding on 30 June 2014 (a 
"grandfathered obligation"), unless the obligation is materially modified after such date. 
The discussion above reflects recently proposed US Treasury regulations. The US Treasury 
have indicated that taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are 
issued, and the discussion above assumes that the proposed regulations will be finalised in their 
current form.  
No assurance can be given that payments on the Products will not be subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Each potential investor in Products should consult its own tax advisor to 
determine how FATCA may affect an investment in the Products in such investor's particular 
circumstance.

--- Page 631 ---
Purchase and Sale 
630 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or the Lead Manager in 
any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products or possession or distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms in relation to any Products in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required (other than actions by the Issuer to 
meet the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
for offerings contemplated in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms). No offers, sales, resales or 
deliveries of any Products, or distribution of any offering material relating to any Products, may be made 
by the Lead Manager or any dealer ("Dealer") appointed by the Issuer or any other offeror in or from 
any jurisdiction and/or to any individual or entity except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer and/or 
the Lead Manager.  
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential 
investors to which the Products are intended to be offered are retail and institutional investors. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms expressly specifies that an offer of those Products may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Public 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Products which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the offeror nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Products referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer, or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression 'an offer of Products to the public' in relation to any 
Products in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Products and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise

--- Page 632 ---
Purchase and Sale 
631 
 
make available any Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "EEA Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
Ireland  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has 
not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Products, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of the Products, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), 
including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules and codes of conduct made 
thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made 
under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/989 (RTS 
Regulation), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies 
Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland;  
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(e) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(f) 
in relation to any Products with a maturity of less than one year, the terms of the Central 
Bank of Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD C 01/02 of 12 
November 2002 (as may be amended, replaced or updated from time to time) issued 
pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended); and 
(g) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based 
investment products (PRIIPs). 
Italy  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that no 
Products may be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in 
the Republic of Italy, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document 
relating to the Products be distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic of Italy if the offering 
of the Products has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial Regulator

--- Page 633 ---
Purchase and Sale 
632 
 
(Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation except: 
(a) 
if it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a not Exempt offer may be made to 
the public in the Republic of Italy, that it may offer, sell or deliver Products or distribute 
copies of any prospectus relating to the Products, provided that such prospectus has been 
(i) approved in another Member State and notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by 
final terms (if applicable) expressly contemplating such non-exempt offer, in the twelve 
months period of validity of this Base Prospectus commencing on the date of its approval, 
in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in the Republic of 
Italy under the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 as amended 
from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14th May, 1999, as amended from time to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971"); 
(b) 
to "Qualified Investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of the Italian Financial Services 
Act and CONSOB Regulations No. 11971 and No. 20307 of 15th February, 2018, as 
amended from time to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 20307"); or  
(c) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with offering 
restrictions applies, as provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and/or 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 and any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Products or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Products in the Republic of Italy under 
(b) or (c) above must be: 
(a) 
 made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, 
the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September 1993 (the "Italian Banking 
Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 (each as amended from time to time); and 
(b) 
 in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any other 
applicable requirement or limitation which may be imposed from time to time by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian competent authority (including the 
reporting requirements set forth by article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and relevant 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy 
requires periodic post-offering information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy). 
In relation to the secondary market in Italy, investors should also note that, in accordance with Article 
100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act: 
(a) 
if any of the Products have been initially placed pursuant to an exemption to publish a 
prospectus, the subsequent distribution of such Products on the secondary market in Italy 
which is not carried out under an exemption pursuant to (b) or (c) above must be made 
in compliance with the rules on offer of securities to the public provided under the Italian 
Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971;  
(b) 
if any of the Products which have been initially placed with Qualified Investors in Italy 
or abroad are then systematically resold to non-Qualified Investors in the 12 months 
following the placement, such resale would qualify as an offer of securities to the public 
if no exemption under (c) above applies. Where this occurs, if a prospectus compliant 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation has not been published, the purchasers of such 
Products (who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession) may be 
entitled to obtain that the resale is declared null and void and the authorised entities 
("soggetti abilitati" as defined in the Italian Financial Services Act) transferring the 
Products may be held liable for any damages suffered by the non-qualified investors; and

--- Page 634 ---
Purchase and Sale 
633 
 
(c) 
any intermediary subsequently reselling the Products is entitled to rely upon the 
prospectus published by the issuer or the person responsible for drawing up a prospectus 
as long as this is valid, duly supplemented in accordance with the Italian Financial 
Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 and provided that the issuer or the 
person responsible for drawing up a prospectus gives its written consent to its use. 
Switzerland  
If and to the extent the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the 
meaning of the FinSA, or if the Products were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX 
Swiss Exchange), a prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be 
required as from 1 December 2020. Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic 
recognition of this Programme in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, 
and a registration of the Programme with, a FinSA Prospectus Office pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, 
as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the relevant Final Terms 
with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base 
Prospectus that is approved by the by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, i.e. for any Products other than Exempt Products. 
Except where the Programme is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules of the 
FinSA, neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Products 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such public distribution are 
complied with or, for the transitional period until 1 December 2020, unless either (1) the Products are 
structured products in the sense of Article 70 FinSA offered to Retail Clients on the basis of a Swiss 
Simplified Prospectus prepared according to the rules of the CISA or (2) if the Products are not structured 
products in the sense of Article 70 FinSA, they are offered on the basis of a prospectus prepared in 
accordance with Article 1156 in connection with 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations (as such articles 
were in effect immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA). 
Without a registration of the Programme with a FinSA Prospectus Office pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, from 1 December 2020, the Products may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the Products (a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as 
professional or institutional clients (professionelle und institutionelle Kunden) in the sense of Article 4 
para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"); (b.) are 
addressed at fewer than 500 clients other than Professional or Institutional Clients; (c.) are addressed at 
investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100,000; (d.) have a minimum denomination 
per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value of CHF 8 million over a 12-month period. 
Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to the Swiss 
Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 June 2018 
("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance 
Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
pursuant to (a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; (f) 
pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings 
with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: 
(i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of 
CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury 
operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) 
that, based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial 
sector, he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the 
Products and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) 
that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
Products qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the FinSA may be offered to 
Retail Clients in Switzerland only if a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID has been prepared and 
provided to the relevant Retail Clients. Before 1 January 2022, the issuer may prepare a Swiss

--- Page 635 ---
Purchase and Sale 
634 
 
Simplified Prospectus instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID and such Swiss Simplified 
Prospectus may be provided to Retail Clients instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID. If the 
Products may only be offered to Retail Clients in the context of asset management mandates, such 
obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a EU PRIIPs-KID or a Swiss Simplified Prospectus would not 
apply 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Investors: Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 
'Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Products which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any 
UK Retail Investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
 a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
If the Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Products specify that an offer of those Products may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which either (i) has been approved by 
the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of 
the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 636 ---
Purchase and Sale 
635 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Products to the public" in relation to any 
Products means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Products and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each offeror has represented and agreed, and each further offeror 
appointed under this Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Products in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Products in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America  
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Products issued in bearer form for US tax purposes ("Bearer Instruments") with respect to which the 
Issue Terms specifies that they are subject to US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the 
Code) (the "D Rules") may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person except as permitted under the D Rules. 
The Issuer and each offeror named in a set of Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that in 
addition to the relevant US Securities Selling Restrictions set out below: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Instruments to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (y) the offeror has 
not delivered and agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
definitive Bearer Instruments that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures 
reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in 
selling Bearer Instruments are aware that Bearer Instruments may not be offered or sold 
during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person (except to the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Bearer Instruments for purposes of resale 
in connection with their original issuance, and, if it retains Bearer Instruments for its own 
account, it will do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Bearer Instruments from the 
offeror for the purpose of offering or selling such Bearer Instruments during the restricted 
period, the offeror either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf 
or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the Issuer 
and the offeror the representations and agreements contained in such sub-clauses; and 
(e) 
it has not entered into and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other 
than confirmation or other notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to 
the contract (other than one of its affiliates or another offeror) has offered or sold, or 
during the restricted period will offer or sell, any Bearer Instruments except where 
pursuant to the contract the offeror has obtained or will obtain from that party, for the 
benefit of the Issuer and the offeror, the representations contained in, and that party's 
agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d).

--- Page 637 ---
Purchase and Sale 
636 
 
Terms used in the paragraphs above shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given 
to them by the Internal Revenue Code and the US Treasury Regulations thereunder, including the D 
Rules. 
To the extent that the Issue Terms relating to Bearer Instruments specify that the Products are subject to 
US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules"), such Bearer 
Instruments must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance by an issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not 
significantly engage in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each offeror named in a set of 
Issue Terms will be required to represent and agree that: (i) it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Bearer Instruments within the United States or 
its possessions within the United States or its possessions; (ii) it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of them is within the United 
States or its possessions; and (iii) it will not otherwise involve its US office in the offer and sale of such 
Bearer Instruments. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Unless 'Not Applicable' is specified in respect of "US Tax Selling Restriction" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, and any 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto will contain a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States Persons (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended." 
US Securities Selling Restrictions 
The Products and, in certain cases, the Entitlements have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable state securities laws. Trading in the Products and the Entitlements has not been approved 
by the US Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act and the rules 
and regulations promulgated thereunder. Terms used in this section (US Securities Selling Restrictions) 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered and 
sold and will not offer or sell Products (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Products 
are part, as determined and certified to the Agent by such offeror (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) 
or the relevant offeror (in the case of a syndicated issue, who shall notify the managers when all managers 
participating in that syndicated issue have so certified in respect of the Products purchased by or through 
it), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
the offeror to which it sells Products during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other 
notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Products within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Neither the offeror nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf, have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) 
with respect to the Products, and the offeror, its affiliates and all persons acting on its or their behalf have 
complied and will comply with any applicable offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of 
Products, any offer or sale of Products or Entitlements within the United States by any offeror (whether 
or not participating in the offering of such Products or Entitlements) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, are being offered and sold outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 638 ---
Purchase and Sale 
637 
 
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, outside the United States and for the listing of Products 
on the Relevant Stock Exchange. The Issuer and the offeror reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Products, in whole or in part, for any reason. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of the Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States is unauthorised, and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any of such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States is prohibited. 
US Retirement Plan Selling Restrictions 
The Products may not be sold or transferred to, and each acquirer by its acquisition of Products shall be 
deemed to have represented and covenanted that it is not acquiring the Products for or on behalf of, and 
will not transfer Products to, any pension plan or welfare plan, as defined in section 3 of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, any plan or arrangement 
that is subject to section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, an entity the assets of which are considered 
assets of such a plan or arrangement, or a government, church or other plan subject to any law or 
regulation substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code.  
Guernsey 
The Products may only be offered or sold in or from within Guernsey either (i) by persons licensed to do 
so under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended (the "POI Law"); 
or (ii) to persons licensed under the POI Law or persons licensed under the Insurance Business (Bailiwick 
of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as amended, the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1994, as 
amended, the Insurance Managers and Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as amended, 
or the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc., (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 2000, as amended. 
General 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Lead Manager, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to agree that it will comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, and obtain all relevant consents, approvals or permissions, in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Products or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, and neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager 
shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 639 ---
Form of Guarantee 
638 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The terms of the Guarantee to be provided by the Guarantor in respect of the payment and delivery 
obligations of Issuer in respect of Products will be substantively on the terms set out in this Guarantee.  
THIS GUARANTEE is made on 28 September 2020 between: 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG, being a stock corporation with limited liability, duly organized and 
existing under the laws of Switzerland whose registered head office is situated at Bleicherweg 8, 8001 
Zurich, Switzerland (the "Guarantor"); and 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) Limited, being a stock corporation with limited 
liability, duly organized and existing under the laws of Guernsey whose registered head office is situated 
at EFG House, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 4NN, Channel Islands (the "Issuer"). 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue 
securities ("Products") in the form of Notes or Certificates or Warrants as part of the European 
Issuance and Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the 
"Programme") under a base prospectus (as supplemented and/or replaced under the Programme 
from time to time, the "Base Prospectus") pursuant to any final terms and conditions set out in 
any applicable set of final terms or pricing supplement, as the case may be (the "Issue Terms"). 
(B) 
The Guarantor has determined to execute this Guarantee within the meaning of Article 111 of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO") for the payment of the relevant cash settlement amount 
or to deliver a relevant Underlying (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Products) in 
the case of the Issuer's failure to deliver such Underlying or to make payment of the relevant 
cash settlement amount for the benefit of the Investor (as defined in the terms and conditions of 
the Products) in respect of any Product that is issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
The Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 
1. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and, subject to the provisions in this Guarantee, irrevocably 
guarantees, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the terms and conditions of the Products and 
waiving all rights of objection and defence arising from the terms and conditions of the Products to which 
the Issuer is entitled (provided that the Guarantor shall retain its own rights of objection and defence 
arising from the terms and conditions of the Products as regards its function as a Guarantor and the 
Guarantee), upon first written demand, the Issuer's obligations as stipulated to be due in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Programme and the respective Products which are issued under the 
Programme and guaranteed by the Guarantor, as the case may be (the "Guaranteed Obligations"), 
except that the Guarantor is not obliged to settle by delivery. In the case of cash settlement, the Guarantor 
is obliged to make the cash payment of the cash settlement amount as stipulated to be due and payable 
in the relevant Issue Terms. In the case of delivery of any relevant Underlying according to the relevant 
Issue Terms, however, the Guarantor is not obliged to deliver any Underlying but may elect, irrespective 
of the provisions in the relevant Issue Terms, in its absolute and full discretion, to pay the amount that 
would have been stipulated to be due and payable if cash settlement had been specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. This Guarantee shall be valid for any present or future Product which is issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme, subject to paragraph 3 (Termination). 
This Guarantee constitutes a Guarantee of payment and not of collection and is not conditional or 
contingent upon any attempts to collect from, or pursue or exhaust any rights or remedies against, the 
Issuer, and is intended by the Guarantor to constitute an unlimited non-accessory undertaking 
(unbeschränkte, nicht akzessorische Verpflichtung) in the meaning of Article 111 of the CO and is not a 
mere surety (Bürgschaft) in the meaning of Article 492 et seq. of the CO. Notwithstanding any reference 
to the obligations of the Issuer, the Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are absolute and 
independent obligations of the Guarantor as a primary obligor.

--- Page 640 ---
Form of Guarantee 
639 
 
Unless specified otherwise, the obligation of the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee constitutes an 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligation, ranking pari passu with each other and all other current and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. 
2. 
ASSIGNMENT 
The Guarantor may not assign its rights nor delegate its obligations under this Guarantee in whole or in 
part, except for an assignment and delegation of all of the Guarantor's rights and obligations hereunder 
to another entity in whatever form that succeeds to all or substantially all of the Guarantor's assets and 
business and that assumes such obligations by contract, operation of law, or otherwise. Upon any such 
delegation and assumption of delegations, the Guarantor shall be relieved of and be fully discharged from 
all obligations hereunder. 
3. 
TERMINATION 
This Guarantee may be terminated by the Guarantor upon thirty calendar days' written notice served on 
the Issuer and the relevant Lead Manager (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Products), such 
30 day notice period to start upon the later of written acknowledgment by the Issuer or the Lead Manager, 
provided that this Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect with respect to Guaranteed Obligations. 
4. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be in writing (by letter) 
and shall be sent to Bleicherweg 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland, Attn: EFG Corporate Desk, with a copy 
by e-mail (which shall not constitute a notice) to efgicorporatedesk@efginternational.com, or to such 
other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor has notified to the 
Investors in the manner prescribed for the giving of notices in connection with the Products. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 4 shall be effective 
upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other communication 
which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the place of the Guarantor or 
after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding 
business day in the place of the registered office of the Guarantor. 
5. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law. Disputes arising from 
this Guarantee shall fall within the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being 
Zurich, with the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Court in Lausanne where the law permits.

--- Page 641 ---
Form of Guarantee 
640 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
 
By: 
______________________ 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
By:

--- Page 642 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
641 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility  
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Issue Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms is in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Public Offers and Consent 
Public Offers 
Certain Products may, subject as provided below, be subsequently resold, finally placed or otherwise 
offered by financial intermediaries in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such resale, placement or offer is 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as a 'Public Offer'. Any person making or intending to make a Public 
Offer of Products must do so only with the consent of the Issuer and subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant conditions to such consent – see 'Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus' below. 
Other than as set out immediately below, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager 
has authorised (nor do they authorise or consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (or Issue Terms) 
in connection with) the making of any Public Offer of Products by any person in any circumstances. 
Any such unauthorised offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or Lead Manager or Authorised 
Offerors (as defined below) and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or Lead Manager or Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. Any 
Public Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Lead Manager or Authorised Offerors accepts any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. Any persons to whom an offer of 
any Products is made should enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
In connection with a Public Offer of Products as described in the Final Terms, the Issuer consents or (in 
the case of (ii) (General Consent)) offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms in relation to any 
person who purchases Products in such Public Offer made by an Authorised Offeror) by or to (as 
applicable) each of the following financial intermediaries, in each case subject to compliance by such 
financial intermediary with the Conditions to Consent (as described below) (each, an "Authorised 
Offeror"):  
(a) 
Specific Consent: each financial intermediary which either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the website of Leonteq 
Securities AG: (www.leonteq.com) (in which case, its name and address will be 
published on the website of Leonteq Securities AG); and  
(b) 
General Consent: if Part C of the Final Terms specifies 'General Consent' as applicable, 
each financial intermediary which both: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and 
(ii) 
if such confirmation is requested by the Issuer or the Lead Manager, accepts the 
offer by the Issuer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the 
"Acceptance Statement"):

--- Page 643 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
642 
 
'We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of 
products] (the "Products") described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the 
"Final Terms") published by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. (the 
"Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of 
the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the Public 
Offer of the Products in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period 
and subject to and in accordance with the conditions set out in the Final Terms 
and Base Prospectus, we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are 
authorised under MiFID to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in 
connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise 
not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms.' 
The consent of the Issuer referred to in (i) and (ii) above is subject to compliance by the relevant financial 
intermediary with the following conditions (the "Conditions to Consent"):  
(a) 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): the Public Offer is only made in Ireland and/or Italy as 
specified in the Final Terms(the "Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)"); 
(b) 
Offer Period: the Public Offer is only made during the offer period specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Offer Period"); and 
(c) 
Other: each of the other conditions (if any) provided in the Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer may give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors in respect of a Public Offer 
after the date of the Final Terms, discontinue or change the Offer Period, and/or remove or add conditions 
to consent and, if it does so, such information will be published at: www.leonteq.com. Any new 
information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published and can be found at: www.leonteq.com. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager has any responsibility for any of the actions of 
any Authorised Offeror, including their compliance with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to an offer. 
Any offer or sale of Products to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such 
investor, including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. It will be the responsibility 
of the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that 
information and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager or other Authorised 
Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (ii) (General Consent) above using this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Approval and passporting of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Products. Such approval relates only to Products which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area. 
On the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the Central Bank, application for the notification of such approval has been 
made to the competent authority of Italy.

--- Page 644 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
643 
 
Ratings 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus or any document incorporated by 
reference are, for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the "CRA Regulation"), issued by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), 
and Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. has been certified under the 
CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and has been 
registered under the CRA Regulation and currently endorses the international credit ratings published by 
Fitch for regulatory purposes in the European Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Type of Products 
The Products have repayment terms that are linked to one or more Underlyings and will be 'derivative 
securities' for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (and, as such, specific items of information 
will be included in this Base Prospectus that may not be included for Products that are not 'derivative 
securities'). 
No equity securities falling under article 19 (Securities that are exchangeable for or convertible into 
shares) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 will be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
No Products issued under this Base Prospectus are securities linked to any index composed by the Issuer 
or any legal entity belonging to the Issuer. 
Products with offer periods continuing beyond the validity of the September 2020 Base Prospectus  
The offer period during which a Non-Exempt Offer of the Products identified in the table below (the 
"Legacy Products") will be made extends beyond the validity of the September 2020 Base Prospectus. 
Following the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, such Non-Exempt Offers 
will continue under this Base Prospectus until the later of the end of the relevant offer period or, if 
applicable, the date of listing of the Products on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility (such 
later date in respect of the relevant Series of Legacy Products, the "Relevant Later Date"). 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0518365983 
14/10/2020 
09/10/2023 
CH1110429664 
12/05/2021 
07/05/2024 
CH0518368524 
21/12/2020 
16/12/2024 
CH1110430779 
17/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518368862 
08/02/2021 
03/02/2025 
CH1110430969 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369399 
21/04/2021 
16/04/2025 
CH1110430977 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369415 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH1110430985 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369423 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH1110430993 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369431 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH1110431009 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369449 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH1110431017 
18/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0518369456 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH1110431447 
20/05/2021 
19/05/2025 
CH0518370066 
10/09/2021 
07/09/2023 
CH1110431462 
20/05/2021 
18/05/2026 
CH0518370074 
10/09/2021 
07/09/2023 
CH1110431512 
20/05/2021 
18/05/2026 
CH0569864546 
14/10/2020 
09/10/2025 
CH1110431660 
20/05/2021 
05/05/2026

--- Page 645 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
644 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0575762379 
18/11/2020 
13/11/2025 
CH1110431819 
21/05/2021 
07/05/2024 
CH0575766065 
27/11/2020 
24/11/2023 
CH1110432262 
24/05/2021 
19/05/2023 
CH0575767931 
21/12/2020 
18/12/2023 
CH1110432478 
30/04/2021 
27/04/2027 
CH0583730368 
21/12/2020 
16/12/2024 
CH1110433377 
19/05/2021 
14/05/2025 
CH0583737603 
22/01/2021 
19/01/2024 
CH1110434664 
31/05/2021 
26/05/2023 
CH0583737637 
21/01/2021 
18/01/2024 
CH1110435612 
03/06/2021 
31/05/2023 
CH0583737645 
21/01/2021 
18/01/2024 
CH1110435687 
20/05/2021 
18/05/2026 
CH0588768546 
25/01/2021 
22/01/2024 
CH1110436313 
31/05/2021 
26/05/2026 
CH0588770252 
28/01/2021 
26/01/2026 
CH1110436370 
14/06/2021 
07/06/2023 
CH0588770260 
28/01/2021 
25/07/2023 
CH1110436388 
14/06/2021 
09/06/2025 
CH0588770286 
28/01/2021 
25/01/2023 
CH1110439150 
09/06/2021 
04/06/2024 
CH0588770732 
29/01/2021 
26/01/2023 
CH1110443244 
17/06/2021 
14/06/2024 
CH0588770898 
29/01/2021 
28/07/2025 
CH1110443707 
23/06/2021 
16/06/2025 
CH0588771755 
01/02/2021 
27/01/2023 
CH1111682576 
03/06/2021 
31/05/2024 
CH0588773389 
16/02/2021 
07/02/2025 
CH1117922000 
09/06/2021 
06/06/2022 
CH0588773421 
16/02/2021 
07/02/2025 
CH1117922018 
09/06/2021 
06/06/2022 
CH0588776903 
16/02/2021 
10/08/2023 
CH1117922026 
09/06/2021 
04/06/2026 
CH0593634394 
24/02/2021 
19/08/2025 
CH1117922034 
15/06/2021 
12/06/2023 
CH0593637785 
08/03/2021 
04/03/2024 
CH1117922042 
15/06/2021 
12/06/2023 
CH0593637793 
08/03/2021 
03/03/2023 
CH1117922331 
17/06/2021 
14/06/2024 
CH0593638460 
09/03/2021 
04/03/2024 
CH1117922430 
23/06/2021 
18/06/2024 
CH0593640334 
18/03/2021 
16/03/2026 
CH1117922448 
24/06/2021 
23/06/2025 
CH0593640342 
18/03/2021 
16/03/2026 
CH1117922455 
01/07/2021 
28/06/2024 
CH0596647211 
25/03/2021 
22/03/2023 
CH1117922711 
30/06/2021 
23/06/2023 
CH1100985618 
06/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1117922737 
30/06/2021 
25/06/2024 
CH1100987705 
14/04/2021 
09/04/2025 
CH1117926860 
09/07/2021 
08/07/2024 
CH1100987796 
16/04/2021 
13/04/2026 
CH1117926886 
09/07/2021 
08/07/2024 
CH1100988133 
06/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1117926894 
09/07/2021 
08/07/2024 
CH1100989172 
20/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1117926902 
09/07/2021 
08/07/2024 
CH1100989206 
04/05/2021 
28/04/2025 
CH1117928213 
05/07/2021 
29/06/2023

--- Page 646 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
645 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH1100989297 
21/04/2021 
16/04/2024 
CH1117928221 
07/07/2021 
01/07/2026 
CH1100991004 
28/04/2021 
24/04/2023 
CH1117928239 
07/07/2021 
02/07/2025 
CH1100991996 
04/05/2021 
29/04/2024 
CH1117928247 
09/07/2021 
08/07/2024 
CH1100992077 
23/04/2021 
19/04/2024 
CH1124135323 
09/08/2021 
04/08/2025 
CH1100992499 
05/05/2021 
04/05/2023 
CH1124140844 
24/08/2021 
19/08/2025 
CH1100992572 
05/05/2021 
30/04/2025 
CH1124142915 
02/09/2021 
01/09/2025 
CH1110429235 
11/05/2021 
06/05/2026 
CH1124142923 
02/09/2021 
31/08/2026 
CH1110429243 
11/05/2021 
06/05/2025 
CH1124143046 
01/09/2021 
27/08/2025 
CH1110429540 
12/05/2021 
08/05/2023 
CH1124143053 
01/09/2021 
27/08/2025 
CH1110429649 
12/05/2021 
08/05/2023 
CH1124144945 
08/09/2021 
03/09/2024 
CH1110429656 
12/05/2021 
07/05/2024 
CH1132927703 
22/09/2021 
17/09/2025 
 
Hyper-links to websites 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website to which a hyper-link is provided shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any of the websites to which a hyper-link is provided 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI in its role as competent authority.

--- Page 647 ---
General Information 
646 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation and Consents 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Products pursuant to the Programme have been 
duly authorised by resolutions of an authorised committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 12 
December 2007.  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
establishing this Programme and will obtain all such consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of each Product issued pursuant to this Programme. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
the sale of any Products for the hedging and payment and delivery obligations arising from the issue of 
the Products and for the purposes of the Issuer's ordinary business activities. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the use of proceeds. 
The Issuer confirms that none of the proceeds of the issue of the Products will be used to fund activities 
or persons that are subject to sanctions introduced by the United States and/or the European Union. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Applications may be made for the listing and admission to trading of Products on the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the "SeDeX Market"), the multilateral trading facility Spectrum Markets, the multilateral trading 
facility Hi-MTF (managed by Hi-MTF SIM S.p.A), the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed 
by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A), the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt Zertifikate AG), SIX Swiss Exchange and/or any other exchange or multilateral trading facility 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
Relevant Clearing Systems 
The Products issued pursuant to the Programme may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and any other Relevant Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms. 
The appropriate International Securities Identification Number (the "ISIN") for each Series allocated by 
Euroclear, Clearstream or SIX SIS will be set out in the Issue Terms. Transactions will be effected for 
settlement in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B–1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L–1855 Luxembourg. The address of SIX SIS is AG, 
Pfingstweidstrasse 110, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. The address of any additional clearing system will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Products remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when available, be made available during usual business hours on a weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection and, in the case of (b), (c), and (h) 
below, shall be available for collection free of charge at the registered office of Leonteq Securities AG. 
The documents in the case of (a), (c), (d), (f), (g), (h) and (i) below, shall be available free of charge at: 
www.leonteq.com. The documents in the case of (b) and (e) below, shall be available free of charge at: 
www.efginternational.com. The Issue Terms, in respect of any Series, shall also be available at the 
registered office of Leonteq Securities AG. 
(a) 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer (which can be accessed from the following hyperlink 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/Articles_Of_Association.pdf);

--- Page 648 ---
General Information 
647 
 
(b) 
the constitutional documents of the Guarantor (which can be accessed from the following 
hyperlink 
https://www.efginternational.com/doc/jcr:d035785c-68a0-4f7e-8a8d-
4f274ff57405/Articles%20of%20Association.pdf/lang:en/Articles%20of%20Association.pdf); 
(c) 
the documents set out in the 'Information Incorporated by Reference' section of this Base 
Prospectus; 
(d) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Issuer; 
(e) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Guarantor; 
(f) 
the current Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme and any future supplements thereto 
(which can be accessed from the following hyperlink https://structuredproducts-
ie.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses); 
(g) 
any Final Terms issued in respect of Products admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange, and/or quotation system since the most recent base 
prospectus was published;  
(h) 
any other future documents and/or announcements issued by the Issuer or the Guarantor; and  
(i) 
the Guarantee (which can be found on page 549 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 September 
2020).  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Products or 
the performance of any Underlying or any other underlying relating to Products, except if required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
Issue Price 
Products will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the Issue Terms. The Issue Price will 
be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Lead Manager at the time of the relevant 
offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price 
of such Products will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Products to such investor. The Issuer will not be party to 
arrangements between an investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Products to such Investor.

--- Page 649 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
648 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ .................................................................... 73 
€ .................................................................... 67 
2022 Base Prospectus ................................. 379 
30/360 ......................................................... 283 
ABS ............................................................ 275 
Acceptance Statement ................................ 653 
Accountholder ........................................ 49, 64 
Accumulated Dividends ............................. 224 
Accumulated Dividendsi .................... 219, 222 
Actual/360 .................................................. 283 
Actual/365 .................................................. 283 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 283 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 283 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 283 
Additional Disruption Event295, 304, 312, 321, 
330, 338, 346, 354, 361, 371, 376 
Adjustment Event ....................... 338, 346, 354 
Adjustment Factor ...................................... 267 
AEOI .......................................................... 637 
AEOI Act .................................................... 637 
AF ............................................................... 267 
Affected Assets ....................................... 55, 64 
Affected Basket Component294, 303, 311, 336, 
345, 352, 360, 370 
Affected Commodity .......................... 328, 329 
Affected Currency ...................................... 336 
Affected Currency Exchange Rate ............. 335 
Affected Depositary Receipt .............. 318, 320 
Affected ETF Share .................................... 358 
Affected Fund Unit ..................................... 369 
Affected Futures Contract ........................... 344 
Affected Index ............................................ 310 
Affected Instrument .................................... 351 
Affected Participation Certificate ............... 301 
Affected Share ............................................ 292 
Affiliate ......................................................... 64 
Agency Agreement ................................. 47, 64 
Agents ........................................................... 64 
Alternative Currency ................................... 235 
American Barrier Bonus Products .............. 164 
American Barrier Twin Win Product .......... 120 
American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 ...................................................................... 91 
AMF (Final) ................................................ 223 
AMF (t) ....................................................... 223 
AMF (t-1) .................................................... 224 
APF (Final) ................................................. 224 
APF (t) ........................................................ 224 
APF (t-1) ..................................................... 224 
Atypical Securities ...................................... 630 
Authorised Offeror ...................................... 653 
Authorised Offeror(s) .................................. 504 
Autocall Basket Performance ........................ 91 
Autocall Coupon Amount ..... 91, 120, 197, 273 
Autocall Event91, 120, 132, 140, 182, 197, 273 
Autocall Fixing Basket Level ....... 93, 120, 198 
Autocall Fixing Level93, 121, 132, 140, 183, 
198, 274 
Autocall Fixing Leveli .................. 93, 120, 198 
Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage
 .................................................................... 199

--- Page 650 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
649 
 
Autocall Observation Date93, 121, 132, 140, 
183, 198, 274 
Autocall Observation Period ................ 94, 274 
Autocall Period Observation Date ........ 94, 274 
Autocall Provisions .................................... 282 
Autocall Redemption Amount94, 
121, 132, 
140, 183, 199, 274 
Autocall Redemption Date94, 121, 132, 140, 
183, 199, 275 
Autocall Redemption Table94, 121, 133, 141, 
184, 199, 275 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level94, 121, 199, 
275 
Autocall Trigger Level94, 122, 133, 141, 184, 
199 
Average ...................................................... 282 
Barrier Basket Level ...... 95, 122, 141, 164, 199 
Barrier Event ................. 95, 122, 141, 164, 199 
Barrier Event Basket Level......................... 143 
Barrier Fixing Basket Level96, 123, 143, 166, 
200 
Barrier Fixing Level ...... 97, 123, 143, 166, 200 
Barrier Fixing Leveli ..... 96, 123, 143, 166, 200 
Barrier Level.................. 97, 123, 143, 166, 200 
Barrier Observation Date97, 123, 143, 166, 200 
Barrier Observation Period97, 124, 143, 166, 
201 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 201 
Base Currency ............................................ 338 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price ......... 338 
Base Prospectus ...................... 1, 380, 507, 650 
Basket Component295, 304, 312, 321, 330, 
338, 346, 354, 361, 371 
Basket Dispersion ....................................... 275 
Basket Performance .................................... 275 
Bearish Final Basket Return ............... 144, 256 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike) .. 144, 257 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................ 38 
Best Performing Underlying97, 124, 144, 166, 
247, 257 
Bonus Basket Level .................................... 167 
Bonus Event ................................................ 166 
Bonus Level ................................................ 167 
Bonus Percentage ........................................ 167 
Bonus Product Style .................................... 167 
BP ............................................................... 167 
Business Centre ............................................. 64 
Business Day ................................................. 64 
Business Day Convention ............................. 64 
C Rules ........................................................ 648 
CA ............................... 144, 167, 235, 247, 257 
Calculated Coupon Amount .......................... 97 
Calculation Agent ............................... 7, 47, 65 
Calculation Amount ...................................... 65 
Calculation Period ....................................... 283 
Cap ........................................ 97, 124, 145, 247 
Cap Level .................................................... 237 
Cap Percentage ............. 97, 124, 145, 167, 247 
Certificates .............................................. 47, 65 
Change in Law295, 304, 312, 321, 331, 338, 
354, 361, 371, 377 
CISA ......................................... 5, 15, 381, 508 
Cleared Product ............................................. 65 
Cleared Products ........................................... 65 
Clearing System Business Day ..................... 65 
Clearstream ................................................... 65 
Clearstream Rules ......................................... 65 
Closing Index Level .................................... 313 
Closing Price ....................... 304, 321, 354, 361 
Closing Share Price ..................................... 295

--- Page 651 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
650 
 
CNY ............................................................. 65 
CNY Financial Centre .................................. 66 
CNY FX Disruption Event ........................... 65 
CNY Governmental Authority ..................... 66 
CNY Illiquidity Event .................................. 65 
CNY Inconvertibility Event.......................... 65 
CNY Non-Transferability Event .................. 65 
CO ........................................................ 12, 650 
Code ......................................6, 19, 61, 66, 638 
Collective Investment Fund Tax................. 628 
Commodity ................................................. 331 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................. 6 
Commodity Linked Products ........................ 72 
Commodity Reference Price ....................... 331 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date 98, 
276 
Common Depositary ..................................... 66 
Common Lock-In Event98, 201, 396, 445, 521, 
566 
Conditional Coupon Amount.98, 124, 168, 201 
Conditional Coupon Provisions98, 124, 168, 
201 
Conditions .............................................. 47, 66 
Conditions to Consent ................................ 654 
CONSOB .................................................... 644 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 ................ 644 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 ................ 644 
Constitutional Document(s) ........................ 361 
Conversion Ratio ........................................ 282 
Conversion Ratio (Discount) ...................... 238 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) ................. 247 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded) ...................... 283 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) ........................ 224 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) ....................... 247 
Cooperation Agreement .......................... 20, 66 
Corrected Level ........................................... 312 
Corrected Price294, 303, 321, 330, 346, 353, 
361 
Corrected Rate .................................... 337, 376 
Corrected Value .......................................... 371 
Corresponding Redemption Amount .......... 283 
Coupon .......................................................... 52 
Coupon Amount98, 124, 133, 145, 168, 184, 
201, 247, 279, 283 
Coupon Fixing Basket Level......... 98, 124, 168 
Coupon Fixing Level98, 124, 133, 145, 168, 
201, 247, 279 
Coupon Fixing Leveli ................... 98, 124, 168 
Coupon Observation Date98, 124, 133, 145, 
168, 201, 247, 279 
Coupon Observation Period .................. 99, 279 
Coupon Payment Date99, 125, 133, 145, 169, 
184, 201, 247, 280 
Coupon Payment Table99, 125, 133, 145, 202, 
248, 280 
Coupon Period .................................... 184, 202 
Coupon Provisions ...................................... 283 
Coupon Rate99, 125, 133, 145, 169, 184, 202, 
235 
Coupon Ratei 97, 108, 129, 134, 153, 178, 207 
Coupon Spread ............................................ 280 
Coupon Style ............................................... 185 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level ....... 99, 125, 169 
Coupon Trigger Event99, 125, 134, 145, 169, 
202 
Coupon Trigger Level100, 126, 134, 146, 170, 
202 
Coupons ........................................................ 66 
CP ................................. 97, 124, 145, 167, 247 
CPP ..................................................... 100, 146 
CR (Warrant) .............................................. 248

--- Page 652 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
651 
 
CRA Regulation ......................................... 655 
Cross Currency ........................................... 338 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price . 338 
Currency Exchange Rate ............................ 338 
Currency Exchange Rate Business Day ..... 338 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products ... 72 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time .. 339 
Currency Exchange Reference Rate ........... 339 
Currency Replacement Event ....................... 67 
Custody Bank ............................................... 66 
D Rules ....................................................... 647 
D1 ............................................................... 284 
D2 ............................................................... 284 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount ....... 100 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions ... 100 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event
 .................................................................... 100 
Day Count (t) .............................................. 224 
Day Count Fraction .................................... 283 
DCF ............................. 185, 202, 253, 271, 280 
DCFDCN .................................................... 235 
Dealer ......................................................... 642 
Dealer Poll .................................................... 66 
Decree 201 .................................................. 633 
Decree 239 .................................................. 627 
Decree 351 .................................................. 628 
Decree No. 124 ........................................... 634 
Decree No. 84 ............................................. 635 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 48, 
66 
Delisting ...................... 295, 304, 321, 354, 361 
deliver ........................................................... 55 
deliverable .................................................... 55 
delivered........................................................ 55 
delivery ......................................................... 55 
Delivery Date66, 101, 126, 170, 185, 202, 238, 
284 
Delivery Entitlement Instruction ................... 66 
Delivery Underlying ................................... 284 
Denomination Currency .............................. 372 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 322 
Depositary Receipt ...................................... 322 
Depositary Receipt Linked Products ............. 72 
Depositary Receipts ...................................... 29 
Derivative Instrument ................................. 354 
Derivative Instrument Linked Products ........ 72 
Derived Exchange Rate ............................... 339 
Discount Products ....................................... 238 
Disrupted Day295, 304, 313, 322, 331, 339, 
347, 354, 361, 372 
Dividend Amount........................................ 224 
Dividend Amount (FX) ............................... 225 
Dividend Fixing Level ................................ 225 
Dividend Payment Day ............................... 225 
Dividend Reinvestment Day ....................... 225 
Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products
 .................................................................... 636 
Downside Participation Percentage101, 
170, 
257, 268 
DPP ............................................. 170, 257, 268 
Dual Currency Product Style ...................... 235 
Dual Exchange Rate ...................................... 67 
Early Closure .............. 295, 304, 313, 322, 361 
Early Closure of the Reference Market339, 354 
EDSP ........................................................... 313 
EEA ............................................. 1, 4, 379, 506 
EEA Retail Investor .................................... 643

--- Page 653 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
652 
 
EFGI ............................................................... 2 
EFGI Group .................................................. 40 
EFGIF ............................................................. 2 
Entitlement67, 101, 126, 170, 185, 202, 238, 
285 
ERISA ........................................................ 649 
ESMA ............................................................. 5 
ESMA Register ............................................. 39 
ETF ....................................................... 35, 362 
ETF Linked Products .................................... 72 
ETF Share ................................................... 362 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 5 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................... 4, 379, 506 
EU Prospectus Regulation1, 379, 506, 507, 642 
EUR .............................................................. 67 
euro ............................................................... 67 
Euroclear ...................................................... 67 
Euroclear Rules ............................................ 67 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities ........... 48, 67 
European Barrier Bonus Products .............. 170 
European Barrier Twin Win Product .......... 126 
European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 .................................................................... 101 
EUWA ........................................................ 646 
Event of Default ..................................... 58, 67 
Exchange ............. 295, 304, 313, 322, 347, 362 
Exchange Business Day296, 305, 313, 322, 347 
Exchange Date .............................................. 67 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price .......... 313 
Exchange Disruption ... 296, 305, 313, 322, 362 
Exchange Event ............................................ 67 
Exchange Trading Day ............................... 362 
Exempt Products ....................................... 1, 47 
Extraordinary Event ............ 296, 305, 322, 362 
Failure to Deliver ................................ 296, 322 
FATCA ................................................. 67, 640 
FCA ............................................................... 39 
FFL ..................................................... 225, 248 
Final Basket Dispersion .............................. 276 
Final Basket Return............................. 146, 257 
Final Basket Return (Strike) ............... 147, 258 
Final Fixing Averaging Date....................... 285 
Final Fixing Basket Level101, 126, 147, 170, 
203, 248, 258 
Final Fixing Date ................................ 225, 285 
Final Fixing Level ....................................... 286 
Final Fixing Level (Best)102, 126, 148, 171, 
248, 259 
Final Fixing Level (Long) ........................... 203 
Final Fixing Level (Short)........................... 203 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)102, 127, 148, 171, 
185, 203, 248, 259 
Final Fixing Leveli102, 126, 144, 146, 147, 
151, 170, 203, 219, 220, 221, 222, 223, 248, 
257, 258, 259, 269, 276 
Final Performance102, 127, 148, 171, 203, 259, 
268 
Final Performance (Downside) ................... 172 
Final Performance (Long) ........................... 268 
Final Performance (Short) ........................... 268 
Final Performance (Upside) ........................ 174 
Final Redemption Cap ........................ 263, 276 
Final Redemption Event ............................. 260 
Final Redemption Percentage ..................... 103 
Final Return ........................ 103, 148, 204, 261 
Final Return (Inverse) ................................. 151 
Final Return (Worst) ................................... 204 
Final Return Cap ......................................... 151

--- Page 654 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
653 
 
Final Return Cap Percentage ...................... 151 
Final Spread ................................................ 280 
Final Spread Level ...................................... 185 
Final Strategy Level ................................... 268 
Final Terms................................. 2, 47, 67, 380 
Finance Act 2017 ........................................ 634 
Finance Act 2019 ........................................ 634 
Financing Amount ...................................... 248 
financing costs .............................................. 22 
Financing Rate ............................................ 253 
FinIA .......................................................... 645 
FINMA ..................................... 5, 16, 381, 508 
FinSA ............................................. 4, 381, 507 
FinSA Prospectus Office ................................ 4 
FinSA-KID ..................................................... 5 
FinSO ............................................................. 5 
FIRPTA ...................................................... 639 
First Entity .................................................... 64 
First Lock-In Barrier Level................. 226, 248 
FISA ....................................................... 49, 67 
Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 .. 634 
Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount103, 127, 
204, 276 
Fixed Rate Instrument ................................ 354 
Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products ....... 72 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount103, 128, 
176, 185, 204 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions ... 103, 
128, 176, 204 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style ............ 204 
Fixing Leveli .............................................. 275 
Floor ....................................128, 151, 204, 280 
Floor Percentage ..................128, 152, 204, 280 
FMIA .............................................................. 4 
FP ........................................ 128, 152, 204, 280 
FRC ..................................................... 263, 276 
FRP ............................................................. 103 
FSMA ......................................................... 646 
Fund ............................................ 362, 372, 628 
Fund Linked Products ................................... 73 
Fund Reference Index ................................. 362 
Fund Reference Index Sponsor ................... 362 
Fund Replacement Date .............................. 359 
Fund Unit .................................................... 372 
Fungible Products ......................................... 63 
Futures Contract .......................................... 347 
Futures Contract Linked Products ................. 72 
FX Disruption Event ..................................... 67 
FX Performance .......................................... 103 
FX Rate ............................................... 104, 226 
FX Rate (Final) ........................... 104, 226, 238 
FX Rate (Final)i .................................. 221, 222 
FX Rate (Initial) .................................. 104, 227 
FX Rate (t) .................................................. 227 
FX Rate Valuation Time ..................... 104, 238 
FX Rate(t) ................................................... 104 
Gearing........................................................ 204 
General Conditions ................................. 47, 68 
Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 48, 68 
Governmental Authority ............................... 68 
Governmental Authority Event ..................... 67 
grandfathered obligation ............................. 641 
Guarantee ...................................................... 51 
Guaranteed Obligations .............................. 650 
Guarantor .................................... 2, 47, 68, 650 
Hedge Positions .................................... 68, 248

--- Page 655 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
654 
 
Hedge Unwind Costs (t) ............................. 227 
Hedging Disruption296, 305, 313, 322, 331, 
339, 347, 354, 362, 372, 377 
Hedging Entity227, 248, 296, 305, 313, 322, 
331, 339, 347, 355, 362, 372, 377 
High Watermark Fixing Level ............ 227, 249 
High Watermark Level ....................... 227, 249 
High Watermark Observation Date .... 227, 249 
High Watermark Observation Period . 227, 249 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level ........... 227, 249 
Highest Recorded Performance .................. 104 
Hurdle Rate................................................. 232 
Hypothetical Investor ................................. 227 
i93, 96, 97, 98, 102, 104, 108, 120, 123, 124, 
126, 128, 129, 134, 143, 144, 146, 147, 151, 
152, 153, 166, 168, 170, 176, 178, 179, 198, 
200, 203, 205, 207, 219, 220, 221, 222, 223, 
248, 249, 257, 258, 259, 263, 269, 270, 275, 
277, 278 
IBORs ........................................................... 39 
IFL ...................................................... 227, 249 
IFTT ........................................................... 634 
IFTT Decree ............................................... 634 
Illiquidity ...................................................... 68 
Illiquidity Event296, 305, 314, 323, 331, 339, 
347, 355, 362, 372 
Inconvertibility ............................................. 68 
Increased Cost of Hedging296, 305, 314, 323, 
331, 339, 347, 362, 372, 377 
Increment Percentage ......................... 227, 249 
Index ........................................................... 314 
Index Adjustment Event ............................. 314 
Index Cancellation ...................................... 314 
Index Disruption ......................................... 314 
Index Linked Products .................................. 72 
Index Modification ..................................... 314 
Index Sponsor ............................................. 314 
Indices ......................................................... 314 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 504 
Initial Fixing Basket Level104, 128, 152, 176, 
204, 249, 263 
Initial Fixing Date ....................................... 286 
Initial Fixing Level ..................................... 287 
Initial Fixing Level (Best)105, 128, 152, 176, 
250, 263 
Initial Fixing Level (Long) ......................... 205 
Initial Fixing Level (Short) ......................... 205 
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)105, 128, 152, 176, 
205, 250, 263 
Initial Fixing Leveli104, 128, 144, 146, 151, 
152, 176, 205, 249, 257, 258, 263, 270, 275 
Initial Lookback Observation Date ............. 287 
Initial Lookback Observation Period .......... 288 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date .. 288 
Initial Product Value ................................... 268 
Initial Spread Level ..................................... 185 
In-Scope Shares .......................................... 634 
Insolvency ........................... 296, 305, 323, 363 
Insolvency Filing ........................ 296, 305, 323 
Instrument ................................................... 355 
Insurance Distribution Directive4, 379, 506, 
643 
Intermediary ................................................ 628 
Intermediated Securities .......................... 49, 68 
Intraday Level ............................................. 314 
Intraday Price ...... 297, 306, 323, 347, 355, 363 
Inverse Percentage .............. 105, 128, 152, 176 
Inverse Percentage (Final Performance) ..... 263 
Inverse Percentage (Final Return) ............... 263 
Investment Currency ................................... 235 
Investor ............................................. 49, 50, 68

--- Page 656 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
655 
 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 227 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 228 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 228 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 210 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise 
Date ............................................................ 228 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 228 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 211 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice Period .............................................. 228 
Investors ......................................................... 3 
IP ......................... 105, 128, 144, 151, 152, 176 
IP (FP) ........................................................ 263 
IP (FR) ................................................ 257, 263 
IRAP ........................................................... 628 
IRES ........................................................... 628 
IRPEF ......................................................... 629 
ISIN ............................................................ 658 
Issue Date ..................................................... 68 
Issue Price..................................................... 68 
Issue Size ...................................................... 68 
Issue Terms................................. 2, 47, 68, 650 
Issuer ........................................ 2, 68, 380, 650 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 228 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 228 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 228 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 210 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 228 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 228 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................. 228 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice .......................................................... 211 
Issuer Jurisdiction ......................................... 69 
Italian Banking Act ..................................... 644 
Italian Financial Services Act ............. 624, 644 
Knock-Out Event ........................................ 250 
Knock-Out Fixing Level ............................. 250 
Knock-Out Level ........................................ 250 
Knock-Out Observation Date ...................... 250 
Knock-Out Observation Period ................... 250 
Lead Manager ............................................... 69 
Legacy Products .......................................... 655 
Level288, 297, 306, 314, 323, 331, 339, 347, 
355, 364, 372, 377 
Leverage Factor .................................. 105, 280 
Leverage Final Performance ....................... 205 
Leverage Product ........................................ 250 
Leverage Product Style ............................... 250 
LF ........................................................ 105, 280 
Lock-In Barrier Level ......... 105, 205, 228, 251 
Lock-In Event ..................... 105, 206, 228, 251 
Lock-In Fixing Level .......... 105, 206, 228, 251 
Lock-In Observation Date ... 105, 206, 229, 251 
Lock-In Provisions .............. 106, 206, 229, 251 
Long Underlying ................................. 206, 269 
Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level ........ 269 
Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level ....... 269 
Long/Short Product ..................................... 269 
Long/Short Product Style ............................ 269

--- Page 657 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
656 
 
Long/Short Strike Basket Level ................. 270 
Lower Barrier Level ................................... 152 
Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level ......... 106 
Lower Coupon Trigger Level ..................... 106 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level ..................... 269 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level.................... 269 
LS Strike Basket Level ............................... 270 
M1 .............................................................. 284 
M2 .............................................................. 284 
Management Company ............................... 364 
Management Fee ................................ 229, 271 
Management Fee Deduction ............... 229, 271 
Management Fee Multiplier ....................... 229 
Manager ...................................................... 372 
margin ........................................................... 42 
Market Disruption Event297, 306, 315, 323, 
331, 339, 348, 355, 364, 372 
Market Maker ............................................... 42 
Market Value ................................................ 73 
Max............................................................. 288 
Maximum Days of Disruption297, 306, 315, 
324, 332, 341, 348, 356, 364, 372 
Maximum Redemption Amount ......... 251, 263 
Maximum Redemption Percentage ............ 207 
Merger Date .........................297, 306, 324, 364 
Merger Event .......................297, 306, 324, 364 
MERP ......................................................... 106 
MF .............................................................. 229 
MiFID II ................................. 4, 379, 506, 653 
Min ............................................................. 288 
Mini Future Product ................................... 251 
Minimum Early Redemption Percentage.... 106 
Minimum Tradable Lot ................................ 69 
Monte Titoli ................................................ 624 
MRP ............................................................ 207 
Multichance Barrier Event .................. 106, 206 
n93, 97, 98, 102, 105, 108, 120, 123, 124, 126, 
128, 129, 134, 143, 147, 152, 153, 166, 168, 
170, 176, 178, 179, 198, 200, 203, 205, 208, 
219, 220, 221, 222, 223, 248, 249, 259, 263, 
269, 270, 277, 278 
N ................... 97, 108, 129, 134, 153, 178, 208 
Nationalisation ............................ 297, 306, 324 
NAV ............................................................ 373 
New Issuer .............................................. 62, 69 
Non-Resident Holders of the Products ........ 636 
Non-Transferability ....................................... 68 
Normal Performance Participation Percentage
 .................................................................... 177 
Normal Performance Upside Cap ............... 177 
Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage
 .................................................................... 177 
Notes ....................................................... 47, 69 
Notice Website .............................................. 69 
Notional Amount .......................................... 69 
Notional Certificates ..................................... 49 
NPP ............................................................. 176 
NUC ............................................................ 249 
NUCi93, 97, 98, 102, 105, 121, 123, 124, 126, 
128, 143, 144, 146, 147, 151, 152, 166, 168, 
170, 176, 179, 198, 200, 203, 205, 248, 257, 
258, 259, 263, 269, 270 
Number of Underlying Components93, 97, 98, 
102, 105, 121, 123, 124, 126, 128, 143, 144, 
146, 147, 151, 152, 166, 168, 171, 176, 179, 
198, 200, 203, 205, 248, 250, 257, 258, 259, 
263, 269, 270, 271 
offer ............................................................. 643 
offer of Products to the public ..................... 647 
Offer Period .......................................... 69, 654 
Opening Index Level ................................... 315

--- Page 658 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
657 
 
Opening Price ......................306, 324, 356, 365 
Opening Share Price ................................... 297 
OPP............................................................. 177 
Optimal Tracker Observation Date ............. 107 
Opting-out Client ........................................ 645 
Ordinary Shares .......................................... 307 
Original Base Prospectus ............................ 380 
Outperformance Participation Percentage .. 177 
Outperformance Upside Cap ...................... 177 
Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage .... 177 
Partial Redemption Amount ......................... 69 
Partial Redemption Date(s) .......................... 69 
Partial Redemption Product .......................... 69 
Participation Certificate .............................. 306 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) ... 306 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked Products ............................................ 72 
Participation Certificate Issuer ................... 307 
Participation Percentage107, 134, 152, 251, 
271 
Paying Agent .......................................... 47, 69 
Payment Date ............................................... 69 
Payout Conditions ........................................ 75 
Payout Style ................................................ 288 
Performance Fee ......................................... 229 
Performance Fee Deduction ....................... 229 
Permanent Market Disruption Event .. 332, 348 
PF ............................................................... 229 
POI Law ..................................................... 649 
Potential Adjustment Event297, 307, 324, 365, 
373 
PP ................ 107, 134, 152, 251, 264, 271, 280 
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level .................. 109 
Price Source . 107, 229, 238, 288, 332, 341, 348 
Price Source Disruption .......................... 68, 69 
Pricing Supplement ............................. 2, 47, 69 
Product .................................................. 69, 381 
Product Direction ........................................ 152 
Products .................................... 1, 69, 381, 650 
Professional or Institutional Clients381, 
508, 
645 
Programme .................... 1, 11, 47, 69, 380, 650 
Protection Percentage .......... 100, 146, 264, 280 
Protection Product Style ............................. 152 
Protection with Twin Win Product ............. 153 
Public Offer ................................................. 642 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ......................... 654 
Public Offer Jurisdictions(s) ....................... 504 
Quotation Rounding .................................... 377 
RCP ............................................................. 153 
Real Estate Funds ........................................ 628 
Real Estate SICAFs..................................... 628 
Rebate Coupon Percentage ......................... 153 
Rebate Percentage ....................................... 251 
Redemption Amount70, 107, 128, 207, 238, 
251, 280, 288 
Redemption Date ................................ 229, 288 
Redemption Determination Style ................ 185 
Redemption Style ........................................ 230 
Reduced Number of Shares................. 298, 325 
Reference Banks ......................................... 377 
Reference Currency .................................... 341 
Reference Dealers ......................................... 70 
Reference Market ................ 332, 341, 348, 356 
Reference Market Business Day ................. 332 
Reference Rate ............................................ 377 
Reference Rate Linked Products ................... 73

--- Page 659 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
658 
 
Registration Document ................................. 44 
Regulation S ................................................... 6 
Related Dividend Amount .......................... 230 
Related Exchange ................................. 70, 298 
Related Exchange(s) ............307, 315, 325, 365 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level ...... 107 
Relevant BOD ............................................ 109 
Relevant Clearing System ............................ 70 
Relevant Country ........................................ 341 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date97, 108, 129, 
134, 153, 178, 184, 202, 208 
Relevant Currency ...................................... 341 
Relevant Date ............................................... 70 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................... 377 
Relevant Later Date .................................... 655 
Relevant Level ............................................ 315 
Relevant Number of Shares ................ 298, 325 
Relevant Rate ..................................... 341, 377 
Relevant Rules .............................................. 70 
Relevant Settlement Day .............................. 70 
Relevant SPL .............................................. 107 
Relevant Stability Performance Level ........ 107 
Relevant State ............................................. 642 
Relevant Stock Exchange ............................. 70 
Relevant Time ............................................ 377 
Relevant Underlying Price298, 307, 325, 332, 
348, 356, 365 
Relevant Value ........................................... 374 
Repealing Directive .................................... 635 
Replacement Fund .............................. 359, 370 
Resident Holders of the Products ............... 636 
Residual Cash Amount107, 129, 177, 185, 207, 
238, 288 
Residual Fraction ........................................ 289 
Retail Clients ................................... 5, 381, 508 
retail investor .............................................. 646 
Reverse Convertible Product Style ............. 185 
Reverse Merger ........................... 297, 306, 324 
roll-over ........................................................ 31 
Scheduled Closing Time298, 307, 315, 325, 
341, 348, 356, 366 
Scheduled Trading Day298, 308, 315, 325, 
332, 341, 348, 356, 366, 374 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date ....... 298, 
308, 315, 325, 332, 341, 348, 356, 366, 374 
Screen Page ................................................. 377 
Screen Rate ................................................. 377 
Securities Act .................................................. 6 
SeDeX Market ............................ 502, 622, 658 
September 2019 Base Prospectus.................. 44 
September 2020 Base Prospectus.................. 44 
Series ............................................................. 70 
Service Provider ...................................... 20, 70 
Service Provider Default Event ..................... 70 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates ............ 107, 177 
Settlement Currency .............................. 70, 341 
Settlement Disruption Amount ............... 16, 70 
Settlement Disruption Date ........................... 71 
Settlement Disruption Event ......................... 71 
Settlement Expenses ..................................... 71 
Settlement Fixing Level .............................. 289 
Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time
 .................................................................... 289 
Settlement FX Fixing Date ......................... 289 
Settlement FX Rate ..................................... 289 
Settlement Initial Level ............................... 289 
Settlement Price .......................................... 349 
Share ................................................... 299, 325

--- Page 660 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
659 
 
Share Issuer ........................................ 299, 325 
Share Linked Products .................................. 72 
Short Underlying ................................ 207, 271 
SICAF ......................................................... 628 
SICAV ........................................................ 628 
Single Lock-In Event107, 207, 396, 445, 521, 
567 
SIS .......................................................... 49, 71 
SIS Rules ...................................................... 71 
SIX SIS Securities .................................. 48, 71 
SOFR ............................................................ 39 
soggetti abilitati .......................................... 644 
SONIA .......................................................... 39 
SP ............................................................... 253 
Specified Conditional Coupon Amount...... 207 
Specified Coupon Amount ..107, 129, 153, 177 
Specified Currency ....................................... 71 
Specified Denomination ............................... 71 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount ....................................................... 208 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings ........................................ 109, 208 
Specified Number of Business Days ............ 71 
Specified Product Value ......................... 58, 71 
Specified Sub-Unit ....................................... 71 
Spread ................................................. 185, 280 
Spread Strike Level .................................... 280 
Spread Underlying ...................................... 185 
Spreadi ................................................ 277, 278 
Stability Disruption Barrier Event ........ 96, 109 
Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage ...... 109 
Stability Performance Level ....................... 109 
Stop Loss Barrier Level .............................. 271 
Stop Loss Event .................................. 251, 271 
Stop Loss Fixing Level ............................... 252 
Stop Loss Level .......................................... 252 
Stop Loss Observation Date ................ 252, 271 
Stop Loss Observation Period ............. 252, 271 
Stop Loss Product Value ............................. 271 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount .................. 272 
Stop Loss Redemption Date ................ 252, 272 
Strike Barrier Amount ......................... 153, 264 
Strike Barrier Basket Level ......... 109, 153, 208 
Strike Barrier Level ............. 109, 154, 208, 264 
Strike Basket Level ............. 110, 178, 252, 264 
Strike Event . 110, 154, 208, 235, 238, 252, 264 
Strike Fixing Basket Level .......................... 208 
Strike Level ................. 185, 235, 276, 280, 289 
Strike Level (Best) ...... 110, 129, 154, 179, 265 
Strike Level (Worst)110, 129, 154, 179, 185, 
208, 253, 265 
Strike Level Best ......................................... 253 
Strike Leveli ........ 144, 147, 179, 257, 258, 271 
Strike Percentage ........ 110, 129, 147, 253, 258 
Strike Spread Denominator ......................... 186 
Strike Spread Level ..................................... 186 
Substitute Price Source ....................... 328, 344 
Substitute Reference Market328, 336, 344, 352 
Sub-Unit ........................................................ 51 
Successor Basket Component294, 303, 311, 
320, 330, 337, 345, 352, 360, 370 
Successor Commodity ................................ 329 
Successor Currency ..................................... 336 
Successor Futures Contract ......................... 345 
Successor Index .......................................... 310 
Successor Index Sponsor ............................ 310 
Successor Instrument .................................. 352

--- Page 661 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
660 
 
Successor Reference Rate ........................... 375 
Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to 
Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) . 4 
Swiss Simplified Prospectus ........................... 5 
t ........................................................... 229, 271 
T ..........................................108, 111, 178, 179 
TARGET Business Day ............................... 71 
Target Level ............................................... 111 
Target One Barrier Level ............................ 111 
Target One Barrier Observation Date ......... 111 
Target One Barrier Observation Period ...... 111 
Target One Event ........................................ 111 
Target One Fixing Level ............................ 111 
Target One Underlying ............................... 111 
TARGET System ......................................... 71 
Tax ................................................................ 72 
Taxes ............................................................ 72 
Tender Offer ............................... 299, 308, 325 
Tender Offer Date....................... 299, 308, 325 
Termination of the Trust ............................. 366 
Total Financing Cost .................................. 253 
Tracker Fixing Level .................................. 230 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) ............................. 230 
Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time ............... 230 
Tracker Observation Date ........................... 230 
Tracker Product .......................................... 230 
Tracker Product Style ................................. 230 
Tracker Products ......................................... 290 
Trading Day ........................................ 356, 374 
Trading Disruption ...... 299, 308, 315, 326, 366 
Tranche ................................................... 47, 72 
Transfer Documentation ............................... 72 
Trust ........................................................... 366 
Trustee(s) .................................................... 366 
TUIR ........................................................... 629 
Twin Win Event .................................. 129, 154 
Twin Win Percentage .................................. 130 
Twin Win Product Style .............................. 130 
TWP ............................................................ 130 
U.S. persons .................................................... 6 
UK CRA Regulation ................................... 655 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................... 647 
Underlying ............................................ 72, 186 
Underlying 1 ....................................... 186, 281 
Underlying 2 ....................................... 186, 281 
Underlying Currency .................................. 290 
Underlying Event ........................................ 377 
Underlying Fixing Level ..................... 186, 281 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date .................... 290 
Underlying Level ................................ 186, 281 
Underlying Performance111, 130, 155, 179, 
186, 208, 265 
Underlying Performance (Short) ................. 209 
Underlying Share ........................................ 326 
Underlying Specific Conditions .................... 72 
Underlying Trading Day111, 130, 155, 179, 
209, 254, 272, 290, 299, 308, 315, 326, 332, 
341, 349, 356, 366, 374, 378 
Underlying Valuation Date299, 308, 315, 326, 
333, 341, 349, 356, 366, 374, 378 
Underlying(s) .................................................. 2 
Unit ......................................................... 51, 73 
Unit Certificates ............................................ 49 
Units (Final) ................................................ 230 
Units (Initial) ............................................... 230 
Units (t) ....................................................... 231 
Units (t-1) .................................................... 231

--- Page 662 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
661 
 
Units Fixing Level (t) ................................. 231 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount ..... 73 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Date ........... 73 
Unwind Liquidation Price .......................... 254 
UPP............................................. 179, 265, 272 
Upper Barrier Level .................................... 155 
Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level .......... 112 
Upper Coupon Trigger Level ..................... 112 
Upside Cap ......................................... 179, 254 
Upside Cap Percentage ............................... 179 
Upside Participation Percentage . 179, 265, 272 
US Dollars .................................................... 73 
US$ ............................................................... 73 
USD .............................................................. 73 
USRPHC .................................................... 640 
USRPI ......................................................... 639 
VAFE ......................................................... 633 
Valuation Time299, 308, 316, 326, 349, 356, 
367 
Value (t) ...................................................... 231 
Value (t-1) .................................................. 232 
Volume Weighted Average Price 299, 308, 326 
W................................................................. 275 
W (Current) ................................................. 232 
W (Dividend Reinvestment Day) ................ 232 
W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends) .... 233 
W (Final) ..................................................... 233 
W (Final)i ............................................ 220, 221 
W (Initial) ................................................... 233 
W (Initial)i .......................... 219, 220, 222, 223 
W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends) ............. 233 
Warrants ........................................................ 47 
Watermark (t - 1) ........................................ 232 
White List ................................................... 630 
Worst Performing Underlying112, 130, 155, 
179, 187, 209, 254, 265 
X ................................................................. 112 
Y ................................................................. 112 
Y1 ............................................................... 284 
Y2 ............................................................... 284 
Yield Enhancement Product Style .............. 112 
Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product
 .................................................................... 112

--- Page 663 ---
662 
 
ISSUER 
EFG International Finance 
(Guernsey) Limited 
EFG House 
St Julian's Avenue 
St Peter Port GY1 4NN 
Guernsey, Channel Islands 
GUARANTOR 
EFG International AG 
Bleicherweg 8 P.O. Box 6012 
CH – 8022 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
 
LEAD MANAGER 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
 
 
CALCULATION AGENT, FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT (in respect of SIX SIS 
Securities) 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE LEAD MANAGER 
in respect of Swiss law 
 
Schellenberg Wittmer AG 
Löwenstrasse 19 
CH 8001 Zürich 
Switzerland 
in respect of English law 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool 
Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
in respect of Guernsey law 
Mourant Ozannes 
Royal Chambers, St Julian's 
Avenue, St Peter Port, 
Guernsey, GY1 4HP, Channel 
Islands