--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 26 September 2022 
 
 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
(Incorporated in Guernsey) 
as Issuer 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
as Guarantor 
European Issuance and Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and 
Warrants 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lead Manager for the Programme 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich

--- Page 2 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
1 
 
INTRODUCTORY COVER NOTE 
Introduction to this Document 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of all Products other than Exempt Products (each as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and will expire on 25 September 
2023.  
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to supplement 
a prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in it does not apply when this prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Base Prospectus dated 27 September 
2021, in respect of the Programme (as defined below). This does not affect any Products issued prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
When used in this document, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Products" are to Products for which no 
prospectus is required to be published in the European Economic Area ("EEA") under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (or in respect of which a separate prospectus will be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation). 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus or the quality of the Products (as defined below) that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Products (as described below). Such approval relates only to Products which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the EEA. 
What type of products may be issued under this Base Prospectus? 
The Issuer may from time to time issue securities in the form of Notes, Certificates or Warrants (all of 
which are referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Products") as part of the European Issuance and 
Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the "Programme") under this 
Base Prospectus. Products may  
(a) have a fixed term with any maturity or maybe without a fixed term, 
(b) be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other variable interest,  
(c) provide for conditional or unconditional coupon payments, including fixed coupon amounts, 
coupon amounts related to reference rates or coupon amounts which are dependent on the 
performance of one or more underlyings (as described below), 
(d) have redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance of one or more underlying(s) 
(as described below) or determined redemption amounts, 
(e) be partially redeemed on partial redemption dates prior to the scheduled final redemption date, 
(f) 
be settled by way of cash payment or delivery of the underlying(s),

--- Page 3 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
2 
 
(g) provide for an option to allow early redemption at the discretion of the Issuer and/or the holders of 
Products (defined below, as "Investors") prior to scheduled maturity, 
(h) or may not be subject to mandatory early redemption (autocall) dependent on the performance of 
the underlying(s), and 
(i) 
provide that the scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide some level of 
minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity (subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor). 
Products may be listed and traded on a regulated (or other) market or multilateral trading facility, or not 
listed or traded.  
What type of underlying(s) may determine the interest and/or redemption amount payable (or 
underlying(s) deliverable) under the Products? 
The coupon and redemption terms of Products issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to the 
performance of one or more of the following types of "Underlying(s)": share, participation certificate, 
depositary receipt, index (including proprietary index), commodity (for example metals like gold, energy 
commodities like natural gas or emission allowances), currency exchange rate, futures contract on any 
of the Underlying(s) named herein, fixed rate instrument, derivative instrument on any of the Underlyings 
named herein, exchange traded fund share, fund unit, interest rate, reference rate or a basket containing 
some or all of such types of assets. Investors in Products will have no rights of ownership in the 
Underlying(s) in respect of such Product. 
Who is the Issuer and the Guarantor and where do I find information about it? 
The Products will be issued by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. ("EFGIF" or the 
"Issuer"). Products issued by the Issuer will be guaranteed by EFG International AG in its capacity as 
guarantor ("EFGI" or the "Guarantor"). The payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) 
under the Products is subject to the financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the ability of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations at the relevant time. The Registration 
Document for the Issuer and the Guarantor (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
'Information Incorporated by Reference') which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
together with other information provided in this Base Prospectus, provide a description of the business 
activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor as well as certain financial information and material risks faced 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Products are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantee is an 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligation of the Guarantor. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document and any other information which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains all information which is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and the rights attaching to the Products. Some of this information is incorporated by 
reference from other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in the Issue 
Terms (as described below). Investors should read each of these documents, before making any decision 
to invest in a Product. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) if the Products are not Exempt Products, the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) if the Products are Exempt Products, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
What are Final Terms? 
The "Final Terms" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Products (other than Exempt 
Products), and sets out the specific details of the Products. For example, the Final Terms will contain the 
issue date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related 
Underlying Specific Conditions which apply to the Products) and specify the applicable Payout

--- Page 4 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
3 
 
Conditions used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the 
Products. 
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of the 
Products (other than Exempt Products) where required under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each issue-
specific summary will contain a summary of key information relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Products, the risks relating to the Issuer and the Products, and the offer of the Products.  
What is a Pricing Supplement? 
A "Pricing Supplement" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Exempt Products, and sets out 
the specific details of the Exempt Products. For example, the Pricing Supplement will contain the issue 
date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related Underlying 
Specific Conditions which apply to the Product) and specify the applicable Payout Conditions used to 
calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the Exempt Product. 
What are the risks in relation to the Products? 
Investing in the Products is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'Risk Factors' below, including the section 'Risk Factors' in the Registration 
Document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Products are speculative investments, 
and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
Depending on the particular Payout Conditions (as described in this Base Prospectus and as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) of the Products, Investors may bear the risk of losing some or up to all of 
their investment depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked. 
For all Products, if the Issuer and the Guarantor become insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise fails to make 
payment or meet its delivery obligations in respect of the Products, Investors will lose some or all of their 
investment. 
Investors should not acquire a Product unless they (whether on their own or in conjunction with a 
financial adviser) understand the nature of the Product and the extent of the exposure to potential loss on 
the Product, and any investment in a Product must be consistent with such Investor's overall investment 
strategy. Investors (whether on their own or in conjunction with a financial adviser) should consider 
carefully whether the Product is suitable for them in the light of their investment objectives, financial 
capabilities and expertise. Investors should consult their own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, 
investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist them in determining the suitability 
of the Product for them as an investment.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Legal Information 
4 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
THE AMOUNT PAYABLE OR UNDERLYING(S) DELIVERABLE ON REDEMPTION OF 
THE PRODUCTS MAY BE LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL INVESTED AMOUNT (AND IN 
SOME CASES MAY BE ZERO), IN WHICH CASE INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR 
ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
WHEN INVESTING IN THE PRODUCTS, INVESTORS ARE SUBJECT TO THE CREDIT 
RISK OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR. THE PRODUCTS ARE UNSECURED 
OBLIGATIONS. THE PRODUCTS ARE NOT BANK DEPOSITS AND ARE NEITHER 
INSURED NOR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION SCHEME IN GUERNSEY OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
THEREFORE, IF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR BECOME INSOLVENT OR 
BANKRUPT OR OTHERWISE FAIL TO MAKE THEIR RESPECTIVE PAYMENT OR 
DELIVERY OBLIGATIONS ON THE PRODUCTS, INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR 
ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
INVESTING IN PRODUCTS INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS, AND INVESTORS SHOULD 
FULLY UNDERSTAND THESE BEFORE THEY INVEST. SEE THE SECTION HEADED 
'RISK FACTORS' BELOW. 
EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Products specifies 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', the Products are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Offer in Switzerland 
If and to the extent that the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") or if the Products shall be admitted 
to trading on a Swiss trading venue pursuant to the Financial Market Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 
("FMIA"), e.g. on SIX Swiss Exchange, a prospectus in accordance with FinSA would be required. Such 
requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in 
Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration of this Base 
Prospectus with, a Swiss reviewing body (a "FinSA Reviewing Body") pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Reviewing Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Final 
Terms with the FinSA Reviewing Body. Such a registration would be possible for a Base Prospectus that 
is approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such Swiss 
offering and/or listing and/or admission to trading described in this paragraph and in respect of which 
the FinSA prospectus requirement is intended to be satisfied in accordance with (i) and (ii) in this 
paragraph above, is referred to as a "Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via FinSA 
Prospectus Recognition)". 
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Reviewing Body under the rules 
of the FinSA, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Products constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and Financial Services Ordinance of 
6 November 2019 ("FinSO") for such public distribution are complied with.

--- Page 6 ---
Important Legal Information 
5 
 
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of 
the Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the 
authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and 
investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
If and to the extent the Products will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients") a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to Article 58 et seqq. of FinSA relating to the Products (a "FinSA-
KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document 
pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. Prior to 1 January 2023, the issuer may 
use a Swiss simplified prospectus in the sense of the CISA ("Swiss Simplified Prospectus") instead of 
a FinSA-KID or a key information document pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Products or underlying(s) deliverable under the Products may be calculated 
or otherwise determined by reference to a reference rate, an index or a price source. Any such reference 
rate, index or price source may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of EU Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate, index or 
price source does constitute such a benchmark the relevant Issue Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to 
article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate, index or price source may fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms may not be updated in order to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
No investment advice 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms is or purports to be investment advice. Unless expressly 
agreed otherwise with a particular Investor none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Lead Manager is 
acting as an investment adviser, providing advice of any other nature, or assuming any fiduciary 
obligation to any Investor in the Products.  
Independent evaluation 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation (except 
in respect of any purchase of the Products described herein) or should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Lead Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any 
document referred to herein) should purchase any Products.  
Investors should not purchase any Products unless they understand the extent of their exposure to 
potential loss. Investors are urged to read the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled 'Risk Factors' below, together with the other information in this Base Prospectus (including any 
information incorporated by reference), as supplemented from time to time, and the Issue Terms, before 
investing in the Products. 
Investors should note that (i) the risks described in the section in this Base Prospectus entitled 'Risk 
Factors' below and (ii) the risks described in the section entitled 'Risk Factors' of the Registration 
Document (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) are not the only risks that the 
Issuer and the Guarantor face or that may arise because of the nature of the Products. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have described only those risks relating to their operations and to the Products that they 
consider to be material. There may be additional risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor currently consider 
not to be material or of which they are not currently aware.  
Given the nature, complexity and risks inherent in the Products (and investments relating to the type of 
Underlying(s)), the Products may not be suitable for investor's investment objectives in light of their 
financial position. Investors should consider seeking independent advice to assist them in determining 
whether the Products are a suitable investment for them and to assist them in evaluating the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or set out in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Legal Information 
6 
 
Investors have sole responsibility for the management of their tax and legal affairs including making any 
applicable filings and payments and complying with any applicable laws and regulations. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates will provide 
investors with tax or legal advice and investors should obtain their own independent tax and legal advice 
tailored to their individual circumstances. The tax treatment of securities, such as the Products, can be 
complex and the tax treatment applied to an individual depends on their circumstances. The level and 
basis of taxation may change during the term of any Product.  
Amounts due to be paid to Investors are described on a gross basis, i.e., without calculating any tax 
liability. The Issuer shall make no deduction for any tax, duty, or other charge unless required by law. 
Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent under the Products  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, following the occurrence of certain events outside of the 
control of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, the Agents and their respective affiliates, the 
Calculation Agent may exercise discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to 
deal with the impact of such event on the Products or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. 
Any such discretionary determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return 
on the Products.  
Distribution 
The distribution or delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and any offer or sale of the 
Products in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This document does not constitute, and may 
not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer 
or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offering or 
solicitation. Other than as expressly described in this Base Prospectus, no action is being taken to permit 
an offering of the Products or the delivery of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details of selling restrictions for various 
jurisdictions are set out in the section 'Purchase and Sale' below and may also be set out in the Issue 
Terms. 
Selling restrictions 
The Products and in certain cases, the Entitlements are subject to restrictions on offers, sales and transfers 
of Products and delivery of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms, see 'Purchase and Sale' herein. 
Guernsey Regulatory 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Products offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have been 
reviewed or approved by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and neither the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission nor the States of Guernsey take any responsibility for the financial 
soundness of the Issuer or its securities, or for the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions 
expressed with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult your accountant, 
legal or professional adviser or financial adviser. 
The directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated 
in this Base Prospectus are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make misleading any statement in the document, whether of facts or of opinion. 
All of the directors accept responsibility accordingly. 
It should be remembered that the price of the Products and the income from them can go down as well 
as up. 
Change of circumstances 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document or any other 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) or any Issue Terms, nor any sale of 
Products, shall create any impression that information in such documents relating to the Issuer and the

--- Page 8 ---
Important Legal Information 
7 
 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date of the Base Prospectus and the Registration 
Document or that any other information supplied in connection with the Products or the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date of the relevant document containing the same (the foregoing 
being without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under applicable rules and 
regulations). 
Representations 
In connection with the issue and sale of the Products, no person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with the Base Prospectus and 
Issue Terms and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of 
their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any information not contained in this Base 
Prospectus and Issue Terms.  
Calculations and determinations 
All calculations and determinations in respect of the Products shall be made by the Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for a particular Product, Leonteq Securities AG will act as 
the Calculation Agent for all Products (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent"). All calculations and 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products shall be final and binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and Investors in the absence of manifest error. No liability shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise 
of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance with General Condition 12.2 
(Determinations by the Calculation Agent). 
Capitalised terms 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  ...................................................  
11 
This section provides an overview of certain key features of the Programme. This 
section is relevant for all Products. 
 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................  
15 
This section sets out the principal risks of investing in Products issued under this Base 
Prospectus, including key risks relating to the Issuer and Guarantor (which are 
incorporated by reference from the Registration Document) and of investments linked 
to different types of Underlyings. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................  
56 
This section contains information incorporated into the Base Prospectus by reference, 
in particular selected financial information regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor 
from publicly available documents. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS ......................................................  
61 
Comprises the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions (which, together with the Issue Terms, comprises the 
terms and conditions of the Product). This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS ....................................................... 
63 
 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Products. 
 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ......................................................... 
90 
 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the coupon and 
redemption payments as well as optional or automatic early redemption 
features (if applicable) in respect of the Products. Only those Payout 
Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a 
particular series of Products. 
 
 
1 
Coupon Provisons .....................................................................  
90 
 
2 
Autocall Provisions ...................................................................  
102 
 
3 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option ........................  
108 
 
4 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products ...........................  
111 
 
5 
Redemption of Twin Win Products ..........................................  
132 
 
6 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products .............................  
142 
 
7 
Redemption of Protection Products ..........................................  
143 
 
8 
Redemption of Bonus Products ................................................  
159 
 
9 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products ..........................  
180 
 
10 
Redemption of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products ..............  
184 
 
11 
Redemption of Tracker Products ..............................................  
195 
 
12 
Redemption of Dual Currency Products ...................................  
217 
 
13 
Redemption of Discount Products ............................................  
219

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
 
14 
Redemption of Leverage Products ............................................  
221 
 
15 
Redemption of Outperformance Products ................................  
236 
 
16 
Redemption of Long/Short Products ........................................  
246 
 
17 
Redemption of Dispersion Products .........................................  
252 
 
18 
Redemption of Steepener Products ...........................................  
254 
 
19 
General Definitions ...................................................................  
257 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS ....................................................  
265 
 
Each of the following sections sets out additional terms and conditions for 
Products linked to a particular type of Underlying. Only those Underlying 
Linked Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a 
particular series of Products. 
 
 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................  
265 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share Linked 
Products. 
 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED 
CONDITIONS 
274 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products. 
 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................  
283 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index Linked 
Products. 
 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS .......................................  
291 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products. 
 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................  
301 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Commodity 
Linked Products. 
 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS .........................  
308 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products. 
 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS .........................................  
316 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Futures 
Contract Linked Products. 
 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT 
LINKED CONDITIONS ..................................................................................  
323 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products. 
 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ..........................................................................  
330

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to ETF Linked 
Products. 
 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS ......................................................................  
341 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fund Linked 
Products. 
 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ...............................................  
348 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Reference 
Rate Linked Products. 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS / PRICING SUPPLEMENT .................................................  
352 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms and the Pricing Supplement. The 
template for the Final Terms will be used for each issuance of Products other than 
Exempt Products. The template for the Pricing Supplement will be used for each 
issuance of Exempt Products. 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT...............................................................................  
476 
This section sets out additional conditions relating to the clearing system for the 
Products. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................  
478 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to 
Products. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE .................................................................................................  
482 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the 
Products in certain jurisdictions. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ................................................................................................  
491 
This section sets out the form of Guarantee. 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION ...............................................  
494 
This section provides additional legal information relating to all Products. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...........................................................................................  
499 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Products. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................  
552 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus. This section is relevant for 
all Products.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and 
is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Products, the applicable Issue Terms. 
Description: 
European 
Issuance 
and 
Offering 
Programme 
(the 
"Programme"). 
Issuer (and legislation under which 
the Issuer operates): 
EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited, St Peter 
Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands 
As the Issuer is a subsidiary of the Guarantor, the Issuer falls 
within the consolidated regulatory supervision of the 
Guarantor by the FINMA.The Issuer is neither licensed nor 
supervised by any Guernsey authority. 
Issuer legal entity identifier: 549300L24J81P1RBL748 
Guarantor (and legislation under 
which the Guarantor operates): 
EFG International AG, Zurich, Switzerland 
The Guarantor is subject to consolidated regulatory 
supervision by the FINMA. 
Guarantor legal entity identifier: 506700PR1R98BSF81139 
Lead Manager: 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
Paying Agent: 
 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq 
Securities 
AG, 
Zurich, 
Switzerland 
(unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms); 
and 
 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: the 
Issuer shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities until such time as it has duly appointed 
the applicable Paying Agent(s). 
Calculation Agent: 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq Securities 
AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms).  
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: the Issuer 
shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream Securities until 
such time as it has duly appointed a Calculation Agent for 
the applicable offering. 
Payout of the Products: 
The Products may provide one of the following Payout 
Styles linked to Underlying(s), as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Yield Enhancement Products', 'Twin Win Products', 
'Fixed Redemption Products', 'Protection Products', 'Bonus 
Products', 
'Reverse 
Convertible', 
'Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible Products', 'Dual Currency Product', 'Tracker 
Product', 
'Discount 
Product', 
'Leverage 
Product', 
'Outperformance Product', 'Long/Short Product', 'Dispersion 
Product' or 'Steepener Product'. 'Fixed Redemption Products' 
may not have any reference to Underlyings. 
In addition, Products may provide for:

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
 
 
Specific conditional or unconditional Coupon 
Amounts; 
 
Autocall Amounts upon the occurrence of 
Underlying(s) linked Autocall Events; and 
 
Early redemptions upon exercise of an Issuer’s Call 
Option and/or Investor’s Put Option. 
Status of the Products: 
The 
Products 
constitute 
direct, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally among themselves and with all other direct 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the 
Issuer.  
The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The 
Products are not insured or guaranteed by any government or 
government agency. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The 
Guarantee 
constitutes 
direct, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Guarantor and 
rank equally among themselves and with all other direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the 
Guarantor. The Guarantee shall be governed under Swiss law 
and constitutes a guarantee in the sense of Article 111 of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO"). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications may be made to list the Products on a regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility and admit the Products 
to trading on a regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility, as disclosed in the Issue Terms. Products may also 
be unlisted and not admitted to trading as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Products. 
Governing Law: 
All Products issued under this Base Prospectus shall be 
governed under English law or Swiss law, as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Product. The Guarantee shall be 
governed under Swiss law. 
Clearing Systems: 
SIX SIS Securities shall be cleared through the Swiss central 
depository.  
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities shall be cleared through 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking S.A.  
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte 
Titoli as the Relevant Clearing System, the Products may be 
held only through an authorised intermediary entitled to hold 
securities deposit accounts with Monte Titoli on behalf of 
their customers. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations 
and directives, the Products may be issued in any currency, 
as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant Product. 
Maturities: 
Fixed term with any maturity, (Fixed Term) or without a 
term (Open Ended), subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations or directives, as specified in the Issue Terms of 
the relevant Product. 
Minimum Denomination: 
All Products will have a minimum denomination or notional 
amount of at least EUR 1,000 (or equivalent), save for any

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
 
Products which are non-equity securities giving the right to 
acquire any transferable securities or to receive a cash 
amount as a consequence of the rights conferred by them 
being exercised (provided that EFGIF is not the issuer of the 
underlying securities or an entity belonging to the same 
group as the issuer of the underlying securities), provided 
that both (i) Exempt Products and (ii) Unit Certificates shall 
have no minimum denominations. 
Underlyings, Market Disruption 
Events, Adjustments: 
 
The following types of Underlying(s) may be linked to the 
Products: share, participation certificate, depositary receipt, 
index (including proprietary index), commodity (for 
example metals like gold, energy commodities like natural 
gas or emission allowances), currency exchange rate, futures 
contract on any of the Underlying(s) named herein, fixed rate 
instrument, derivative instrument on any of the Underlyinges 
named herein, exchange traded fund share, fund unit, interest 
rate, reference rate or a basket containing some or all of such 
types of assets.  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption 
Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions) has 
occurred or exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead 
to the postponement of a date on which the Calculation 
Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (in some 
cases, potentially up to 60 days) and in certain circumstances 
lead to the Calculation Agent estimate the relevant price or 
level of such Underlying and/or to a corresponding delay in 
the settlement of the Products.  
Upon the occurrence of certain extraordinary events 
affecting an Underlying, for example substitutions, 
adjustments or dilutive events, adjustments will be made in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Products. 
Any such adjustment could include a substitution of an 
Underlying by a successor underlying. Under certain 
circumstanes, the Issuer may also be entitled to early redeem 
the Products at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
Method of Issue: 
The Products will be issued in one or more series and each 
series may be issued in tranches on the same or different 
Issue Date(s). The Products of each series are intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Products of that series. 
Issue Price: 
The Issue Price may be par, at a discount to par, or at a 
premium over par. The Issue Price of the Products will likely 
be higher than its market value as at the Issue Date and higher 
than the price at which such Products may be sold in any 
secondary market transactions because, among other things, 
the prices will likely be reduced by profits and hedging costs 
and, if any, possible costs for distribution. The Issue Terms 
of the relevant Product may specify if and to what amount 
the Issue Price include such distribution costs. 
Costs, 
expenses, 
fees 
and 
inducements: 
 
Purchasing the Products involves costs and expenses for the 
subscriber or the purchaser. The Issue Price includes product 
specific initial costs and may also include inducements. 
These costs, where known, will be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
 
The Issuer and/or the Lead Manager may offer the Exempt 
Products to distributing banks, securities firms and other 
financial intermediaries or institutions (each an "FI") (i) at a 
discount or (ii) at the Issue Price but transfers to FIs an 
amount a) of up to 2% p.a.  ("Relevant Fees"), b) of up to 
3.5% p.a. ("Significant Fees"), c) of more than 3.5% p.a. 
("Substantial Fees"), or d) as explicitly specified in the Issue 
Terms. With respect to an Exempt Product, for which the 
Issue Price is set out in percent, the amount may be 
calculated based on the Denomination of that Exempt 
Product. Alternatively, the amount will be calculated based 
on the Issue Price.  
In addition or alternatively, the Issuer and/or the Lead 
Manager may pay recurring fees to distribution partners. To 
the extent such fees are charged to Investors, the individual 
rates will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Investor may also be subjected to on-going costs. 
The Issue Price as well as the bid and ask prices provided by 
the Issuer during the term of the Products are based on the 
internal pricing models of the Issuer. 
Other costs and expenses associated with the purchase of the 
Products which are charged to the subscriber or the 
purchaser, for example, by his principal bank, stock 
exchange or other third party, have to be disclosed by the 
third party. 
Programme limit: 
The Programme has no issuance limit. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of the Products may be restricted in certain 
jurisdictions as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus 'Purchase and Sale' below and the Issue Terms 
of the relevant Products.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Products involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in 
ordinary debt securities. An investment in Products is not equivalent to investing directly in the 
Underlying(s). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following risk factors are material for the purpose of 
making an informed investment decision associated with the Products and the Guarantee.  
Investors should consider the following risk factors and should make any investment decision only on 
the basis of the Base Prospectus as a whole including the documents incorporated by reference 
(including the Registration Document), any supplements to the Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Investors should not acquire Products without a thorough understanding of the mechanics of the 
relevant Products and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Investors should carefully 
examine whether an investment in the Products is appropriate given their personal circumstances and 
financial situation and should consult a financial advisor to discuss any questions in advance of any 
investment decision.  
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
Categories 
Page 
1 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Guarantee ..................  
16 
1.1 
Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Products are neither 
secured nor guaranteed by any deposit protection fund, any government or any 
governmental agency ..................................................................................................  
16 
1.2 
Limitations of the Guarantee and risks of enforcement ..............................................  
17 
2 
Risk factors associated with the Products ...................................................................  
17 
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of 
adjustment or early termination...................................................................................  
17 
2.2 
Risks associated with certain types of Products ..........................................................  
22 
2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products ................................................  
25 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings ............................  
28 
2.5 
Risks associated with Proprietary Indices as Underlying(s)  ......................................  
42

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
 
RISK WARNING 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment in the Products where: 
 
Minimum scheduled repayment amount less than invested amount: The terms of the 
Product may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the face value or issue 
price of the Products at maturity (or, if applicable, across the partial redemption dates 
and at maturity). Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s), Investors may 
lose some or all of their investment. 
 
Credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor: The payment of any amount or delivery of 
any underlying(s) due under the Products is dependent upon the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations when they fall due. The Products are 
unsecured obligations. The Products are not deposits and they are not protected under 
any deposit protection insurance scheme. Therefore, if the Issuer and the Guarantor 
fail or are otherwise unable to meet its payment or delivery obligations under the 
Products, Investors will lose some or all of their investment. 
 
Other circumstances: 
 
The market price of the Products prior to maturity may be significantly lower 
than the purchase price Investors paid for them. Consequently, if Investors sell 
their Products before their scheduled maturity (assuming Investors are able 
to), they may receive less (and potentially substantially less) than their 
investment.  
 
The Products may be redeemed in certain extraordinary circumstances prior 
to their scheduled maturity and, in such case, the early redemption amount 
paid to Investors may be less than their investment.  
 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be adjusted by the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent in certain circumstances with the effect that the amount 
payable or underlying(s) deliverable to Investors is less than their investment. 
1. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
The payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) due under the Products is 
dependent upon the Issuer's and the Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations when 
they fall due. Investors should read the sections entitled 'Risk Factors relating to EFGI Finance 
Guernsey' and 'Risk Factors relating to EFGI and the EFGI Group and, indirectly, EFGI 
Finance Guernsey' in the Registration Document (which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus).  
1.1 
Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Products are neither 
secured nor guaranteed by any deposit protection fund, any government or any governmental 
agency  
The Products issued by the Issuer and the Guarantee of the Guarantor (i) are unsecured and 
unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer and Guarantor, respectively, and not of any of 
their respective affiliates, (ii) are not savings accounts or deposits of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
and (iii) will rank pari passu among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, except obligations, that are subject 
to any priorities or preferences by law.  
Therefore, if the Issuer and the Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to meet their respective 
payment or delivery obligations under the Products or the Guarantee, Investors will lose some 
or all of their investment. 
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are neither 
subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
 
Authority ("FINMA") and Investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. 
Investors should read the section entitled 'Risk Factors' in the Registration Document (which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
1.2 
Limitations of the Guarantee and risks of enforcement 
The Guarantee of the Guarantor is limited to a guarantee of the payment, delivery and other 
obligations which the Issuer has under the terms and conditions of the Products (provided that 
if the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement the Guarantor may elect, in its reasonable discretion, 
to either deliver the relevant Underlying(s) or pay a cash amount (the "Settlement Disruption 
Amount") instead of delivering the relevant Underlying(s)), and the Guarantor may therefore 
apply all exclusions, exceptions and defences available to the Guarantor under the terms and 
conditions of the Products and at law.  
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with any Products (other than the Products governed by Swiss law) and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
brought in such courts. However, the ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being 
Zurich, are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with the Guarantee and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with them shall be brought in such courts, with the right of appeal to the Swiss 
Federal Court in Lausanne where the law permits. In the event that both the Issuer and the 
Guarantor default on their payment and/or delivery obligations under any Products governed by 
English law and the Guarantee, it may be necessary for the Investor to bring an action against 
the Issuer and the Guarantor in the courts of England and Zurich (respectively) to enforce its 
obligations, which may be costly and time consuming. 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Products  
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of adjustment 
or early termination 
(a) 
The Products may not have an active trading market and an Investor must be prepared 
to hold the Product until its scheduled maturity  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Products until their scheduled maturity.  
The Products will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market develops, it may not be very liquid and Investors may not be able 
to find a buyer. Restrictions in respect of the purchase and/or sale of the Products in 
some jurisdictions may also have an impact on the liquidity of the Products. As a result, 
Investors may not be able to sell their Products or, if they can, they may only be able 
to sell them at a price which is substantially less than the original purchase price.  
The Products may be listed on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such 
Products are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If the Products are not 
listed or traded on any exchange, pricing information for such Products may be more 
difficult to obtain and they may be more difficult to sell.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Products being 
offered but does not give any indication as to the volume of the Products being 
effectively issued. This volume is determined according to the market conditions and 
may change during the term of the Products, and a significant portion of the issuance 
of any Products may be held by the Issuer or Lead Manager. Therefore, Investors 
should note that it is not possible to predict the liquidity of the Products in the secondary 
market based on the specified size of the offer. For these reasons as well, a secondary 
market for the Products may not develop. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to make a market or to repurchase the Products 
(subject to the next paragraph). The Issuer and/or the Lead Manager may, but are not

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
 
obliged to, at any time purchase Products at any price in the open market or by tender 
or private agreement. Any Products so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered 
for cancellation. If any Products are redeemed in part, then the number of Products 
outstanding may decrease. Any of these activities may have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity and/or price of the outstanding Products in the secondary market.  
Any of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager or other party may, as part of its activities 
as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or 
pursuant to stock exchange listing requirements, make a secondary market in relation 
to any Products and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative 
prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking 
into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such 
party that any Products can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all).  
However, any of these parties may suspend or terminate making a market and 
providing indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. 
Consequently, there may be no market for the Products and Investors should not 
assume that such a market will exist. Investors may therefore not be able to sell their 
Product during its term and must be prepared to hold the Product until its scheduled 
maturity.  
Additionally, in special market situations, where the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager 
is/are unable to enter into hedging transactions or where such transactions are very 
difficult to enter into, the spread between the bid and offer prices may be temporarily 
expanded in order to limit the economic risks of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager. 
(b) 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an autocall redemption date. In such case, 
Investors will receive the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, which amount may 
be zero 
The Issuer has the right to early terminate the Products in certain circumstances set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Products; for example if an adjustment is not possible 
or upon occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. In such case, the Issuer will 
redeem the Products at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, i.e., in the event 
of an unscheduled early redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount 
provided for in the terms and conditions of the Products to be calculated on the basis 
of a redemption formula at the end of the term. Investors should note that, such amount 
may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital 
invested.  
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the Investor may only be able to 
reinvest the amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared 
with those existing when the Product was purchased.  
Finally, Investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential 
increase in the value of a Product over its scheduled term will not be realised due to 
the early termination of the Product. 
(c) 
Market disruptions and adjustment measures may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Products and lead to payment delays 
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that a Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions) has 
occurred or exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead to the postponement of a 
date on which the Calculation Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (in 
some cases, potentially up to 60 days) and in certain circumstances lead to the 
Calculation Agent estimate the relevant price or level of such Underlying and/or to a 
corresponding delay in the settlement of the Products. No interest shall be payable in 
respect of any such postponement of the settlement of the Products and any such

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
 
postponement or estimate of value could have a negative impact on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
Adjustments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Products. 
In the event of adjustments relating to the Underlying(s), it is possible that the estimates 
and/or assumptions on which an adjustment was based turn out to be incorrect and that 
the adjustment turns out to be unfavourable for the Investor and that the adjustment has 
a negative impact on the value of or return on the Products. 
(d) 
Investors in listed Products or in Products linked to one or more listed Underlyings 
are exposed to the risk that the Product or Underlying(s) could be delisted or 
suspended from trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Product 
It is possible that during the lifetime of the Product, an Underlying is de-listed or 
suspended from trading on the relevant exchange (respectively on the multilateral 
trading facility), reference market or quotation system for reasons not attributable to 
the Issuer.  
It is also possible that the Products could be suspended from trading on or de-listed 
from the relevant exchange or quotation system during the lifetime of the Product. The 
Issuer is under no obligation to obtain a listing for any Products and, if a listing is 
obtained, the Issuer is under no obligation to maintain it. 
In either case, there could be an adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(e) 
The secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue 
price of the Products and sale of the Products in a secondary market may result in a 
loss 
Any secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue 
price of the Products because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely 
be reduced by selling commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are 
accounted for in the original issue price of the Products. As a result, the price, if any, 
at which the Lead Manager or any other person would be willing to purchase the 
Products in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be lower than the 
original issue price. Accordingly, any sale of the Product by an Investor prior to the 
scheduled redemption date could result in a substantial loss to the Investor.  
If listed, the Products can be traded on an exchange during their term. However, the 
prices of the Products are not determined according to supply and demand, since if 
there is a secondary market, it will likely be provided by a market maker (e.g. 
potentially the Lead Manager or a third party, as the case may be, in such role). Any 
such market maker will quote independently calculated bid and offer prices for the 
Products on the secondary market. This price calculation is performed on the basis of 
customary pricing models of the market maker in which the theoretical value of the 
Product is basically determined on the basis of the value of the Underlying(s) and other 
adjustable parameters. The other parameters may include derivative components, 
expected income from the Underlying(s) (e.g., dividends), interest rates, the term or 
remaining term of the Product, the volatility of the Underlying(s) and the supply and 
demand situation for hedging instruments. These or other value-determining 
parameters may lead to a depreciation in value of the Product, even if during the term 
the Underlying(s) develop favourably for the Investor. Please see also Risk Factor 
2.6(a)(vii) "Conflicts of interest related to market making for the Products" below.  
(f) 
Fees and other transaction costs will likely reduce the return that an investor would 
otherwise realise on a Product  
Commission and other transaction costs which are incurred when buying or selling 
Products may, especially in conjunction with a low contract value, result in cost

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
 
burdens which may reduce the returns on a Product. Therefore, before purchasing a 
Product, investors should obtain information regarding all costs arising when 
purchasing and selling the Product. 
(g) 
In the case of a subscription period the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription 
period early or to extend it and that the Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription 
applications or to issue subscribed Products 
The Final Terms may provide for the Products to be offered during a particular 
subscription period. Investors should note in this case that the Issuer reserves the right 
to end the subscription period early or to extend it. In the case of an early ending or an 
extension of the subscription period, the initial fixing date or any other relevant 
valuation date, as the case may be, which determines certain characteristics of the 
Products, may be adjusted along with the Issue Date. The Issuer is not obliged to accept 
subscription applications. Partial allocations are possible (in particular in the event of 
oversubscription). The Issuer is not obliged to issue subscribed Products. For these 
reasons, Investors in Products subject to a public offering may receive a Product with 
different valuation dates than expected and may not receive the Product at all.  
(h) 
Investors are exposed to the risks of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where 
the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the 
Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product and/or where the 
currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home 
jurisdiction, and could lose some of their investment or realise a lower return than in 
the absence of such foreign exchange feature 
If the return on the Product is dependent on one or more foreign exchange rate(s)– 
either because the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the 
currency of the Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product – 
an Investor is exposed to the risk of adverse movements in the value of the relevant 
foreign currency compared to the relevant base currency or currency of the Product. 
An Investor will also be exposed to the risk of adverse foreign exchange rate 
movements where the currency of the Product is different from the currency of the 
Investor's home jurisdiction. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by 
governments and central banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and cannot 
be predicted. Also, significant movements in exchange rates may not correlate with the 
performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables such as interest rates, and the 
timing of such changes may have a negative impact on the value of and return on the 
Products. This may result in a significant loss of the Investor's investment in the 
Product or the realisation by the Investor of a lower return than it would have obtained 
in the absence of such foreign exchange feature. 
(i) 
Changes in tax law or in the tax treatment of the Products could have a negative impact 
on the value of and the return on the Product to an Investor 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Products 
may be changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Products are issued. A risk 
of changes in the tax treatment of the Products exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The 
level and basis of taxation on the Products and on the Investor depend on the Investor's 
individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact 
on the return received by the Investor under the Product.  
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the 
Products only relate to the purchase of the Products immediately after the issue 
(primary purchase). Both in the case of primary purchase and if an Investor purchases 
the Products later, Investors should therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the 
tax effects in connection with the purchase, holding, exercising or the sale of the

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
 
Products prior to the purchase. Furthermore, it is possible that the tax authorities may 
come to a different conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax treatment when interpreting 
and applying the relevant tax rules to the Investor's investment in the Products. Any 
such tax treatment could have an adverse impact on the return received by the Investor 
under the Product. 
(j) 
Payments on the Products may be treated as "substitute dividend equivalent" payments 
and subject to U.S. withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and 
regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that references a US equity 
or an index that includes a U.S. equity may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" 
payment. Such payments generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 
30 per cent. If withholding applies, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts withheld. The relevant Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has 
determined that a Product is subject to withholding under section 871(m) of the Code. 
Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on Investors, it is not binding 
on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may 
successfully argue that payments on a Product are subject to withholding under section 
871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. Investors should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them 
of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed 
payments on the Products constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
(k) 
The Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to scheduled maturity following 
a Service Provider Default Event. In such case, investors will receive the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount, which amount may be zero 
Investors are exposed to the risk of an early termination by the Issuer due to a default 
event with respect to the Service Provider.  
As described in the first paragraph of the section entitled "Material Contracts" of the 
Registration Document (as incorporated by reference herein), the Issuer has entered 
into a cooperation agreement with Leonteq Securities AG and its Guernsey Branch (the 
"Service Provider") relating to the issuance, maintenance and redemption of Products 
issued by the Issuer and pursuant to which the Service Provider provides, amongst 
others, hedging services, accounting and risk management as well as documentation, 
listing, settlement and other processes relating to the issuance and redemption of 
Products (the "Cooperation Agreement").  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, in the event that the Service Provider 
(or an affiliate) terminates (or serves notice of termination) or defaults under the 
Cooperation Agreement, a "Service Provider Default Event" shall have occurred and, 
in such case, the Issuer may determine to redeem the Products at the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. Investors should note that such amount may be zero in the worst 
case, i.e., the investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. The Issuer will 
have no control over the occurrence of a Service Provider Default Event and investors 
will not be provided with any information regarding the Service Provider's 
performance under the Cooperation Agreement and will be unable to anticipate the 
occurrence of a Service Provider Default Event. 
(l) 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Investors in certain circumstances  
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Investors in any of the following circumstances:  
 
to cure a manifest or proven error or omission;  
 
where such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of 
Investors;

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
 
 
to correct or supplement any defective provision;  
 
where the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature;  
 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and  
 
as a result of certain events in respect of the underlying assets (including, but not 
limited to, adjustment events, potential adjustment events, extraordinary events 
and additional disruption events (as specified in the relevant underlying specific 
conditions)). 
For these reasons, in the above circumstances, the terms and conditions of an Investor's 
Product may be amended without the Investor's consent and/or against the Investor's 
wishes. 
2.2 
Risks associated with certain types of Products, including Products with ESG objectives  
The following is a description of certain risks associated with Tracker Products, Leverage Products and 
Long/Short Products or Products with ESG objectives. These descriptions are additional to the other 
risks that apply to these Products, as described in this section "Risk Factors" (including, without 
limitation, 2.3 Risks associated with certain features of the Products) 
(a) 
Risks in connection with specific client´s objective and needs, such as a sustainability 
investment (ESG Products) 
The Issuer, as the product manufacturer, defines the target market for a Product, i.e. it 
identifies the client needs, characteristics and objectives with which it considers the 
Product to be compatible (positive target market) and those with which it is 
incompatible (negative target market). The target market thus describes the 
requirements that a Product places on the target client. The target market is defined 
individually and may include specific objectives such as "sustainable", "ecological", 
"ESG" (Environmental, Social and Governance) related objectives. The target market 
may change during the term of the Products. 
The risk exists that the specific objective of a Product does not meet the individual 
objectives, needs, or relevant investment criteria and preferences of an Investor. 
Potential Investors should therefore independently and continuously assess the 
information related to specific objectives, such as the sustainability of the Product, 
and determine for themselves whether an investment in the Product meets its 
individual objectives, needs, or relevant investment criteria and preferences. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Tracker Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by a management 
fee. The management fee will be a percentage specified in the Issue Terms 
and will accrue from the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, 
therefore the longer the term of the product, the greater the reduction in the 
value of and return on the Product by the management fee. Before purchasing 
a Product Investors should understand the effect of the management fee on the 
value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
The Accrued Management Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in 
the Issue Terms, the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by an 
accrued management fee. The accrued management fee is (A) deducted

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
 
directly from the redemption amount an Investor would otherwise receive and 
(B) reduces the number of "units" of the underlying used in the calculation of 
the redemption amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors should 
understand the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(iii) 
The Accrued Performance Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' in the Issue Terms, the value of and return on the Product may be 
reduced by an accrued Performance fee. The accrued Performance fee is (A) 
deducted directly from the redemption amount an Investor would otherwise 
receive and (B) reduces the number of "units" of the underlying used in the 
calculation of the redemption amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors 
should understand the effect of the performance fee on the value of and return 
on the Product. 
(c) 
Risks associated with Leverage Products  
(i) 
There are risks associated with the leverage feature of all Leverage Products 
Each type of Leverage Product has a 'leverage' feature'. 'Leverage' refers to 
the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying. 
A leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying to cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would 
otherwise be the case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature 
magnifies losses in adverse market conditions. The inclusion of such a 
leverage feature means that the Products will be more speculative and riskier 
than in the absence of such feature, since smaller changes in the performance 
of the Underlying can reduce (or increase) the return on the Products by more 
than if the Products did not contain a leverage feature. Investors should be 
aware that a small movement in the value of the Underlying can have a 
significant effect on the value of the Products. Products with a leverage feature 
are more likely to fall for automatic cancellation in accordance with their 
terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose some or all of their 
investment. 
(ii) 
The strike level of the Underlying may take into account the cost of financing 
exposure to the Underlying 
There are costs associated with financing the 'leveraged' exposure to the 
Underlying (the "financing costs"). The Issuer may factor in these additional 
financing costs in the setting of the strike level, and as a result the strike level 
may be set at a less advantageous level for Investors than if such financing 
costs were not factored in. A less advantageous strike level will reduce the 
value of and return on the Products. 
(iii) 
Investors may lose all of their investment 
Each type of Leverage Product may be redeemed for a redemption amount 
equal to zero, and as a result of such a redemption Investors would lose all of 
their investment.  
In respect of all Leverage Products, Investors will lose all of their investment 
if the level of the Underlying on the final fixing date is either (a) in the case 
of Call Warrant Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products, Bullish Mini 
Future Products and Leverage Certificate Products, at or below the strike level 
of the Underlying or (b) in the case of Put Warrant Products, Put Knock-Out

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
 
Warrant Products and Bearish Mini Future Products, at or above the strike 
level of the Underlying. 
Investors should note that in respect of Call Warrant Products, Put Warrant 
Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products, if the strike event is specified to be either 'at or above' or 'at or below' 
(as applicable) then if the final fixing level is equal to the strike level, a strike 
event will be deemed to have occurred. However, in such a scenario, the 
redemption amount determined in accordance with the redemption formula 
shall be zero and Investors will lose all of their investment. 
(iv) 
There are risks associated with the knock-out feature of Knock-Out Warrant 
Products 
Investors in Knock-Out Warrant Products will also lose all of their investment 
if a "knock-out" event has occurred and the Issue Terms does not specify 
'Rebate' to be 'Applicable'. A "knock-out event" occurs if the level of the 
Underlying on a specified date (or in a specified period) is (a) in the case of 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products, above or at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) a predefined "knock-out level", or (b) in the case of Put Knock-
Out Warrants, is below or at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) a 
predefined "knock-out level". 
Investors should note in this context that the price of Knock-Out Warrant 
Products is reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products if the 
level of the Underlying approaches the relevant "knock-out level". 
(v) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Mini Future Products 
Investors in Mini Future Products bear the risk that the Products automatically 
redeem early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors may 
lose all of their investment. A "stop loss event" occurs if the level of the 
Underlying in a specified period is (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future 
Products, below or at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined 
"stop loss level" or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini Future Products, above or 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined "stop loss level". If 
a "stop loss event" occurs Investors may lose all of their investment if the 
Issuer (or any of its affiliates) is not able to unwind its hedge positions in 
relation to the Product at a level that is either (a) in the case of Bullish Mini 
Future Products, above the strike level or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini 
Future Products, below the strike level. 
Investors should note in this context that the price of the Mini Future Products 
is reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products, if the price of 
the Underlying approaches the predefined "stop loss level". 
No continuous bid and ask prices for Mini Future Products are quoted by the 
Issuer on the secondary market outside of the trading hours of the Underlying 
if the Issuer expects a "stop loss event" to occur due to different price 
indicators than the official price of the Underlying. Investors should note in 
this context that the Issuer does not commit nor is under any obligation (legal 
or otherwise) to quote bid and ask prices for the Products and Investors should 
therefore not rely on being able to purchase or sell the Products at any time. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Long/Short Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short Product with 
Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms the value of and return on the 
Product will be reduced by a management fee. The management fee will be a

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms and will accrue from the Initial Fixing 
Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore the longer the term of the product, 
the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Product by the 
management fee. Before purchasing the Product Investors should understand 
the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Long/Short Products 
If 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, Investors in Long/Short Products bear the risk that the Products 
automatically redeem early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, 
Investors will lose some or all of their investment. A "stop loss event" will 
occur when the market value of the Product (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) falls below a certain pre-determined percentage of the initial value of 
the Product. 
2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products 
(a) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'leverage' feature 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the 
Underlying(s). A leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would otherwise 
be the case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in 
adverse market conditions. In the terms of the Products, the leverage feature may be 
referred to variously as 'Participation', or other term and the Products will have 
'leverage' where any of these factors is equal to more than 100 per cent (or 1.00). The 
inclusion of such a leverage feature in the Products means that the Products will be 
more speculative and riskier than in the absence of such feature, since smaller changes 
in the performance of the Underlying(s) can reduce (or increase) the return on the 
Products by more than if the Products did not contain a leverage feature. Investors 
should be aware that a small movement in the value of the Underlying(s) can have a 
significant effect on the value of the Products. Products with a leverage feature are 
more likely to be affected by automatic cancellation in accordance with their terms 
below. In such event, an Investor may lose their investment.  
(b) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'worst performing' Underlying in 
a basket 
Where the Conditions of the Products include a 'worst-of' feature, Investors will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather 
than any of the other Underlying(s).  
This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst 
performing Underlying fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of 
interest or the calculation of any redemption amount, Investors might receive no 
interest payments or return on their initial investment and they could lose some or all 
of their investment.  
(c) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'best performing' Underlying in a 
basket where the Products include an 'inverse' payout feature 
Where the Conditions of the Products include a "best of" Underlying in a basket, 
investors will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the best 
performance, rather than the basket as a whole.  
An inverse payout feature means broadly that (depending on the specific terms of the 
Product) the value of and return on the Product will drop as the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) to which such Product is linked rises. Therefore, where 
Products have an inverse payout feature and are linked to the best performing 
Underlying in a basket, investors may receive a lower return on the Product than if it 
was linked to the worst of or average performance of the Underlyings in the basket.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
 
(d) 
There are risks where the Products include a cap 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products provide that the amount payable or 
underlying(s) deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the Investor's ability to 
participate in any positive change in the value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no 
matter how much the level, price or other value of the Underlying(s) rises above the 
cap level over the life of the Products. Accordingly, the value of or return on the 
Products may be significantly less than if the Investor had purchased the Underlying(s) 
directly.  
(e) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'conditional' coupon 
If the Products include a 'conditional' coupon, then the coupon will only be paid if the 
level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation 
date(s) either reaches or crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such 
level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation 
date(s) will not either reach or cross the barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, no 
coupon will be payable on the relevant coupon payment date. This means that the 
amount of coupon payable to an Investor over the term of the Products will vary and 
may be zero. 
(f) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'memory coupon' feature 
If the Products include a 'memory coupon' feature, the payment of coupon will be 
conditional on the value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount 
payable will be zero on a coupon payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform 
in accordance with the terms of the Products although such payment will be deferred 
to the next coupon payment date. If the Underlying(s) meets the performance criteria, 
the coupon payable will be an amount for the current coupon payment date plus any 
amounts deferred from previous coupon payment dates where coupon was not paid. 
Investors will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the deferred payments of 
coupon and it is possible that the Underlying(s) never meets the performance criteria, 
meaning that Investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime of the 
Products.  
(g) 
There are risks where the Products are open-ended 
If the Products are 'open-ended' - meaning that they do not provide for an expiration 
date or maturity date but may continue indefinitely until either the Investor exercises 
the Investor's put option with regard to the Products or the Issuer exercises the Issuer's 
right to call the Products – the Investor is subject to certain risks, including: 
(i) 
exercise of an Issuer call option or Investor put option: the yields received 
upon cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of 
the Investor put may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the 
Investor may be lower than the initial price the Investor paid for the Products 
and may be zero; and 
(ii) 
automatic early redemption of open-ended Products: the terms and 
conditions of the Products may provide that the Products will automatically 
be redeemed early in certain extraordinary circumstances. In such event, the 
Issuer will redeem the Products at the "Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount" which may be substantially less than the value of the Products. In 
such circumstances an Investor is likely to receive less than the amount it 
invested and could receive zero. 
(h) 
There are risks where the Product has an Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Where the terms and conditions of the relevant Product provides either Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) or Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) to be applicable, the yields 
received upon cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
 
the Investor put may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor 
may be lower than the initial price the Investor paid for the Products and may be zero. 
(i) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'barrier' feature 
If the calculation of coupon or the calculation of any redemption amount depends on 
the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) reaching or crossing a 'barrier' during a 
specified period or specified dates during the term of the Products, such coupon or 
redemption amount may alter dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached 
or crossed (as applicable). This means that the Investor may receive less (or, in certain 
cases, more) if the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as 
applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the barrier but does not reach or cross it 
(as applicable), and in certain cases the Investor might receive no interest payments 
and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
(j) 
There are risks where the redemption of the Products depends only on the final 
performance 
If the Products determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) as at the final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple 
periods throughout the term of the Products) then the Investor may not benefit from 
any movement in level, value or price of the Underlying(s) during the term of the 
Products that is not reflected in the final performance. 
(k) 
There are risks in relation to Products where the 'strike level' is predetermined 
In respect of Products for which 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the strike level is specified as a 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the strike level was 
determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
As a result the strike level will not reflect current market prices of the Underlying. The 
probability of the occurrence of any events, along with any amounts due to Investors, 
that are determined by reference to the strike level(s) of the Underlyings will be 
different than if such amount or events were determined by reference to current market 
prices of the Underlying(s). 
(l) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to a basket of Underlyings 
Where Products are linked to a basket of Underlying(s), Investors will be exposed to 
the performance of each Underlying in the basket and Investors should refer to the 
relevant risk factors in the section relating to each of the asset classes represented. 
Investors should also consider the level of interdependence or 'correlation' between 
each of the basket constituents with respect to the performance of the basket. If the 
Underlying(s) are correlated, the performance of the Underlying(s) in the basket can 
be expected to move in the same direction (and vice versa) and investors should 
consider the impact of this 'correlation' on the performance of the Products.  
Investors should be aware that the performance of a basket with fewer constituents will 
be more affected by changes in the values of any particular basket constituent than a 
basket with a greater number of basket constituents.  
The performance of basket constituents may be moderated or offset by one another. 
This means that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more constituents, 
the performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of the 
other constituents is negative to a greater extent.  
If the Underlyings in the basket have different weights, Investors should consider that 
the lower the weighting of the Underlying, the lower the impact of the performance of 
such Underlying on the performance of the entire basket. 
(m) 
There are risks in relation to Products that may be settled by way of delivery of the 
relevant Underlying(s) at maturity

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
 
If the relevant Product is to be settled by way of delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), 
upon maturity of the Products the delivery of the relevant Underlying(s) may be made 
instead of the payment of a monetary amount. In such case, since Investors will be 
exposed to the specific issuer and securities risks associated with the relevant 
Underlying(s) to be delivered, when purchasing the Products Investors should consider 
all Underlyings which could potentially be delivered.  
In particular, the Investor should consider whether it is legally permissible for him or 
her to accept the delivery of all Underlyings which could potentially be delivered. If 
the Investor does receive delivery of an Underlying which he or she is restricted to 
hold, such Investor will have to sell such Product in order to realise his or her 
investment therein. In such case, Investors may lose some or all of their investment. 
Investors should not assume that the Underlying(s) to be delivered after redemption of 
the Products can be sold at a specific price, in particular not at a price equivalent to the 
capital used to purchase the Products. In certain circumstances the delivered 
Underlying(s) may only have a very low value or may in fact be worthless. In this case, 
investors run the risk of losing all of their capital used to purchase the Products.  
Investors should consider that any fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) after 
the final fixing date of the price of the Underlying(s) in accordance with the terms of 
the Products will be borne by them until the respective actual delivery. Losses in the 
value of the Underlying(s) to be delivered may occur after the final fixing date and are 
to be borne by Investors. This means that the actual gain or loss can only be determined 
after delivery of the Underlying(s). 
If an Underlying to be delivered is a registered share, Investors should consider that 
the rights associated with the shares (e.g., participation in the general meeting, exercise 
of voting rights, etc.) can generally only be exercised by shareholders who are 
registered in the share register or a comparable official list of shareholders of the 
company. The obligation of the Issuer to deliver shares is limited to provision of the 
shares effected with the characteristics and in the form that allow delivery via an 
exchange and does not cover registration in the share register or list of shareholders. 
Any claims due to non-fulfilment, in particular rescission or damage claims, are 
excluded in such cases. 
Further, if delivery of the Underlying, for whatever reason, is economically or actually 
impeded or not possible, the Issuer shall have the right to pay a compensation amount 
in lieu of delivery of the Underlying. 
(n) 
There are risks where the Products have an 'autocall' feature 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products include an 'autocall' feature it should 
be noted that the level of the Redemption Amount and the time for redemption of the 
Products depend on whether an Autocall Event specified in the terms and conditions 
has occurred on an Autocall Observation Date. If such event occurs, the term of the 
Products ends early and the Products are redeemed early in accordance with the terms 
and conditions. In the case of such early redemption, the future price performance of 
the Underlying(s) is irrelevant to the Investor. 
(o) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'capital protection at maturity' feature 
For Products which offer a capital protection at maturity date, the Investor may, 
however, lose part or all of the initially invested amount if the Products are sold by the 
Investor before the maturity date (since the value of the Products during their lifetime 
may be lower than the amount of the capital protection due to market fluctuations). 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings 
(a) 
General  
(i) 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s)

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors will not have 
any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, 
where the Underlying(s) is a share, Investors will have no voting rights, no 
rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with 
respect to the Underlying(s). In addition, Investors will have no claim against 
any share issuer, index sponsor, fund issuer, fund sponsor or any other third 
party in relation to an Underlying(s); such parties have no obligation to act in 
Investors' interests. Accordingly, Investors in the Products may receive a 
lower return on the Products than they would have received had they invested 
directly in the Underlying(s). 
(ii) 
The value of and return on the Products will depend on the performance of 
the Underlying(s), but such performance is not possible to predict and the 
economic relationship between the value of and return on the Products will 
depend on the performance of the Underlying(s) may not be clear and may 
change over time and be affected by other matters 
The calculation of the redemption amount payable or, in the case of Products 
with redemption by delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), the number of the 
Underlyings to be delivered at maturity and, if and to the extent that the 
Products have a variable interest rate, the coupon amounts, may depend on the 
performance of one or more Underlying(s) during the term. This means that 
there is a connection between the economic value of the Products and the 
economic value of the Underlying(s) to which the Product is linked.  
However, investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship 
between the market value of the Products and the current price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) since the market value of the Products may also be affected by 
factors other than the current price of the relevant Underlying(s), such as 
volatility of such Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the 
general interest rates etc. Therefore, positive changes in the price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) do not necessarily lead to a change in the market value 
of the Product which is positive for the Investor. A depreciation of the Product 
moreover may even occur if the relevant price of the relevant Underlying(s) 
remains constant. Investors should note that changes in the price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) (or even a situation where an expected price change 
does not occur) can reduce the value of the Products to a disproportionately 
high extent and even render them worthless, unless the Products provide for 
payment of a scheduled minimum redemption amount (or for partial 
redemption amounts). In particular, Investors should not assume that the price 
of the Products will recover in time in view of the limited life of the Products. 
Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) and the Product, Investors 
may lose some of their investment. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are shares 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of shares 
The performance of the relevant share cannot be predicted and is determined 
by macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the capital 
markets, currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder 
structure and distribution policy. Any one or a combination of such factors 
could adversely affect the performance of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, 
would have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in dividends or other distribution on 
the shares

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
 
Investors in Products linked to shares will not have any voting rights or rights 
to dividends or interest payments or other distributions or other rights relating 
to the share. Therefore, the return on the Products may be lower than holding 
such Underlying(s) directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of a share may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of common shares of a company will not have participated in the 
offering and issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Lead Manager will have made any investigation or enquiry in relation to 
the share issuer for the purposes of the Products. Therefore, there can be no 
assurance that all events occurring prior to the Issue Date of the Products that 
would affect the trading price of the relevant share(s) will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or 
failure to disclose material future events concerning the share issuer could 
affect the trading price of the share and therefore the price of the Products. 
Also, investors should be aware that the issuer of any common shares may or 
may not take actions in respect of common shares without regard to the 
interests of investors in Products and any of these actions could have a 
negative effect on the value of and return on the Products.  
(c) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are participation 
certificates  
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of participation 
certificates 
The performance of the relevant participation certificate cannot be predicted 
and is determined by macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well 
as company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation and distribution policy. Any one or a combination of such factors 
could adversely affect the performance of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, 
would have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in distributions on the participation 
certificates 
Investors in Products linked to participation certificates will not have any 
rights to distributions or other rights relating to the participation certificate. 
Therefore, the return on the Products may be lower than holding such 
Underlying(s) directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of the participation certificate may negatively affect the 
Products 
The issuer of participation certificate will not have participated in the offering 
and issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Lead Manager will 
have made any investigation or enquiry in relation to the participation 
certificate issuer for the purposes of the Products. Therefore, there can be no 
assurance that all events occurring prior to the issue date of the Products that 
would affect the trading price of the relevant participation certificate(s) will 
have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning the 
participation certificate issuer could affect the trading price of the 
participation certificate and therefore the trading price of the Products. Also, 
investors should be aware that the issuer of any participation certificate may 
or may not take actions in respect of participation certificate without regard to 
the interests of investors in Products and any of these actions could have a 
negative effect on the value of and return on the Products.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
 
(d) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are depositary receipts 
Products linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts ("Depositary 
Receipts") may carry additional risks compared to Products linked to shares. 
Each Depositary Receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the 
security of a non-domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares 
is, for both types of Depositary Receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent 
of the Depositary Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under which the Depositary 
Receipts have been issued and under which the depositary agreement is governed, it 
cannot be ruled out that the jurisdiction will not accept the holder of the Depositary 
Receipts as the actual beneficial owner of the underlying shares. In particular in the 
event that the depositary becomes insolvent or is subject to foreclosure, it is possible 
that a restraint on disposal of the underlying shares of the Depositary Receipts will be 
imposed or that such shares will be disposed of in the context of a foreclosure against 
the depositary. In this case, the holder of the Depositary Receipts will lose the rights 
over the underlying shares which are certified in the Depositary Receipt. The 
Depositary Receipt as the underlying of the Products and therefore the Products 
relating to such Depositary Receipt will become worthless. 
In such a scenario the Investor is exposed to the risk of the value of the redemption of 
such Products being less than the capital invested for the Product (including related 
transaction costs) or zero.  
Any fees and costs that the custodian bank – generally having its registered office in 
the home country of the issuer of the underlying shares – or the depositary incur can 
have a negative impact on the value of the Depositary Receipts and thus on the value 
of the Products. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
In the case of Products linked to indices, the redemption amount depends on the 
performance of the index and thus of the components contained in the index. During 
the term, the market value of the Products can, however, also deviate from the 
performance of the index or components contained in the index since other factors such 
as the correlation, volatilities, interest level and (if applicable) the reinvestment of any 
dividend payments relating to the components contained in the index, may have an 
impact on the performance of the Products.  
In the case of a 'price index' as an underlying, investors should note that dividend 
payments are in principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a 'performance 
index' the calculation of such index takes into account all dividend payments). 
Therefore, investors should note that they will not participate in any dividend payments 
with regard to the components contained in the underlying.  
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the 
composition of the Index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory 
requirements with regard to the publication and the use of an index during the term of 
the Products which may require an admission or a registration of the respective index 
and an index modification in order to comply with the statutory provisions. Therefore, 
it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, cancelled or may no longer be 
used. In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent is entitled to make 
adjustments pursuant to the Conditions and to make determinations with respect to the 
price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at the end of 
the term of the Product and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the 
Products. 
The index sponsor may, in its reasonable discretion, either (i) on a regular basis and, 
as the case may be, on non-predetermined dates or (ii) upon the occurrence of 
extraordinary events, remove or replace or add new components to such an Index or 
make other changes to the methodology. A new component may perform significantly

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
 
better or worse than the replaced component, which in turn may affect the payments to 
be made by the Issuer to the Investor. The index sponsor or the person responsible for 
the composition of the Index may also change, discontinue or suspend the calculation 
or distribution of the Index and there can be no assurance that such decisions will be 
beneficial to the performance of the Index. The index sponsor of an Index may take 
any action in relation to the Index without regard to the interests of the Investor and 
any such action may adversely affect the market value of the Products. 
The rules of the Index may provide, where applicable, that an Index fee shall be charged 
by the index sponsor or by the Index calculation agent or by the person responsible for 
the composition of the Index which reduces the level of the Index. This will particularly 
be the case if there is a discretion of the index sponsor or the index calculation agent 
or the person responsible for the composition of the index regarding the selection of 
the index components. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Index does not reflect the 
performance of the Index components or does so only partially. In the case of indices 
whose start date is close to or shortly before the Initial Fixing Date or the Fixing Period 
of the Products, historical information on the performance of the Index is missing or is 
only available to a limited extent. 
(f) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
There is generally a close correlation between the price movement of an underlying for 
the relevant futures contract on a spot market and on the corresponding futures market. 
However, futures contracts are generally traded at a premium or discount compared 
with the spot price of the underlying of the futures contract. This difference between 
the spot and futures prices, called the 'basis' in futures exchange terminology, on the 
one hand is the result of taking into account the costs customarily arising in connection 
with spot transactions (warehousing, delivery, insurance, etc.) and/or the income 
customarily arising in connection with spot transactions (interest, dividends, etc.), and 
on the other hand the different methods used to evaluate general market factors 
affecting the spot and the futures market. Furthermore, depending on the relevant 
underlying, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and 
respective futures market. 
As the Products are linked to the market price of the futures contracts specified in the 
Issue Terms, investors should understand how futures transactions work and are valued 
in addition to knowing about the market in the underlying of the relevant futures 
contract to be able to properly assess the risks inherent in purchasing the Products. 
Since futures contracts as an Underlying of the Products may have a fixed expiry date, 
where the relevant futures contract expires prior to the maturity of the Product, the 
futures contract will be replaced upon expiration (at the time specified in the Issue 
Terms), with a futures contract that has the same contract specifications as that futures 
contract except for the expiry date which is more distant than that of the current futures 
contract (referred to as "roll-over"). Roll-over can affect the investment value of the 
Underlying in a number of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through 
roll-over: Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the 
price of the longer-dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract is 
said to be in "backwardation"), then the roll-over from the former to the latter 
will result in exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated futures contract 
being taken. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given 
movement in the prices of the future contract will be greater than if one had 
synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower than 
the price of the longer-dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract 
is said to be in "contango"), then the roll-over will result in exposure to a 
smaller number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, 
any gain or loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
 
the futures contract will be less than if one had synthetically held the same 
number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) 
such may be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, 
alternatively, positive) effect over time: Where a futures contract is in 
"contango", then the price of the longer-dated futures contract will generally 
be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such 
event, the roll-over is generally expected to have a negative effect on an 
investment in the futures contract. An Investor may lose some, or all, of their 
investment. Where a futures contract is in "backwardation", then the price of 
the longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) 
increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the investment in the 
relevant futures contract can generally be expected to be positively affected.  
In the case of Products which are linked to an Underlying which is a futures 
contract, the futures contract will be changed without liquidating or entering 
into any positions in the commodity contracts. Accordingly, the effects of the 
roll-over described above do not apply directly to the Underlying and the 
Products. As a result, an Investor in such Products will not participate directly 
in possible effects of the roll-over. However, other market participants may 
act in accordance with the mechanism of the roll-over and such behaviour may 
have an indirect adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset for the 
Products. 
(g) 
Risk associated with whole-day trading of currencies and commodities 
If any amounts due under the Products are determined on the basis of currencies or 
commodities, investors should consider that those are traded 24 hours a day as a result 
of the time zones of Australia, Asia, Europe and United States of America. For this 
reason it is possible that an event that is material in accordance with the Conditions or 
a factor relevant for the determination of any right granted by the Product may occur 
or be determined outside the business hours of the place where the Products are offered 
and/or traded. 
(h) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are currency exchange 
rates 
Currency exchange rates indicate the relationship between one particular currency and 
another currency. For example the exchange rate 'EUR/USD 1.11823' indicates that 
USD 1.11823 has to be paid to purchase one euro. An increase in this currency 
exchange rate therefore means an increase in the value of the euro against the US dollar. 
The currency exchange rate 'USD/EUR 0.89416', on the other hand, indicates that EUR 
0.89416 has to be paid to purchase one US dollar. An increase in this currency 
exchange rate therefore means an increase in the value of the US dollar against the 
euro. 
A country's currency may appreciate, for example, as a result of an increase in a 
country's key interest rate, demand for such country's government bonds normally 
rises. Conversely, a country's currency may depreciate if the key interest rate falls. 
Generally, exchange rates are determined by supply and demand for currencies on the 
international money markets which are, among other things, subject to economic 
factors, speculation and actions taken by governments and central banks (e.g., 
exchange controls or restrictions). 
Currency exchange rates are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including inflation 
rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility 
and the safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned. Apart from 
these assessable factors there may be factors that are almost impossible to predict, for 
instance factors of a psychological nature such as a loss of faith in the political

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
 
leadership of a country, which can also have a major impact on the value of the 
currency concerned. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are 
more volatile than other investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets 
are less liquid than bond, currency or stock markets. This means that changes in the 
supply and demand have a larger impact on prices and volatility, making commodities 
investments riskier and more complex than other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The 
following are examples of some typical factors affecting commodities prices. 
(i) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-
consuming. This means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited 
and it is not always possible to adjust production swiftly to take account of 
demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. Transport costs for 
commodities in regions where these are needed also affect their prices. The 
fact that some commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as agricultural 
products which are only produced at certain times of the year, can also result 
in major price fluctuations. 
(ii) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance 
and tax. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total 
returns from commodities investments are therefore influenced by these 
factors. 
(iii) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately 
react to changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few 
market participants on the commodities markets means that speculative 
investments can have negative consequences and may distort prices. 
(iv) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain 
commodities for the entire year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe 
and unpredictable price fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can also 
influence the prices for agricultural commodities. 
(v) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand 
coming principally from industrialised nations. However, the political and 
economic situation of emerging markets is often far less stable than in 
industrialised nations. They are generally much more susceptible to the risks 
of rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can affect 
investor confidence, which can as a consequence influence commodity prices. 
Armed conflicts can also have impact on the supply and demand for certain 
commodities. It is also possible for industrialised nations to impose embargos 
on imports and exports of goods and services. This can directly and indirectly 
impact commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers have 
joined forces to establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply 
and influence prices. 
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative 
impact on the profitability margins for commodities producers. If these costs 
are passed on to buyers, these changes will affect the prices of the relevant 
commodities. 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is 
subject to change in ways that could affect the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of any underlying or hedging transactions in relation to the Products. Changes 
to these legal and regulatory regimes may negatively affect the value of the 
Products.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
 
Such changes to the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities 
may also adversely impact the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying 
or hedging transactions in relation to the Products, or may make it unlawful 
or unfeasible in whole or in part for any reason for the Issuer to access 
commodity markets for the purpose of managing commodity market risk. 
This, in turn, may lead to adjustment to or early redemption of the Products. 
In the event that there is an early redemption of the Products, any early 
redemption amount may be less than the initial investment, and could even be 
zero. Additionally, the Investor may not be able to reinvest the early 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate or 
yield on its Products.  
(j) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices  
Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices are subject to additional 
risks which may adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on such 
Products, including the following: 
(i) 
Unpredictable factors may affect the performance of commodity indices  
The level of commodity indices replicates an actual investment in the relevant 
commodities (which as described below, may be through commodities futures 
contracts), and therefore may go up or down depending on the overall 
performance of the weighted basket of commodities. However, unpredictable 
factors can impact the value of a commodity index.  
Typically, the commodities in a commodity index are weighted based on their 
world production levels and the dollar value of those levels with the exception 
of any sub-index of a commodity index based upon such sub-index. The world 
production levels and the dollar value of such values may fluctuate 
unpredictably and significantly, with the result that the weighting and value 
of the commodity index fluctuates. Such movements may decrease the value 
of Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices. 
Commodity prices are affected by a variety of unpredictable factors 
highlighted in Risk Factor 2.4(f) (Risks associated with Products linked to 
Underlying(s) which are futures contracts) such as weather conditions, the 
political and economic landscape of emerging market countries, changes in 
tax rates and customs duties and changes in legal and regulatory regimes in 
relation to commodities. These factors may affect the value of Products linked 
to Underlying(s) which are commodity indices in varying ways, and different 
factors may cause the value of different commodities underlying a commodity 
index and the volatilities of their prices, to move in inconsistent directions and 
at inconsistent rates. 
(ii) 
There are risks related to commodities indices which include constituents 
which are commodities futures contracts  
Commodity indices are often comprised of futures contracts on physical 
commodities. These are synthetic contracts either to buy or sell a set amount 
of the relevant physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery 
period, or to make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price 
of the physical commodity. Accordingly, investors holding Products linked to 
Underlying(s) which are commodity indices comprised of commodities 
futures contracts are subject to many of the same risks as investors holding 
Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities and as investors 
holding Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts - see 
Risk Factor 2.4(f) (Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) 
which are futures contracts).

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
 
Futures contracts expire periodically and, in order to maintain an investment 
in the relevant commodity, it is necessary from time to time to "roll" out of 
such contracts before they expire and "roll" into the corresponding longer-
dated contract on such commodity. As commodity indices may seek to 
replicate an actual investment in commodity contracts, they will take into 
account the rolling of commodity contracts included in such commodity 
indices. Specifically, as the composition of a commodity index changes from 
one commodity futures contract to another, the commodity index will be 
calculated as if the former contract is sold and the proceeds of that sale are 
used to purchase the latter commodity contract. As discussed below, because 
of differences in the respective prices of the futures contracts, the roll feature 
can affect the level of the commodity index and cause it to lose correlation 
with the underlying physical commodity spot price so that they do not move 
in the same proportionate way over time.  
When the commodity futures contract which is the first-nearby contract 
changes from contract expiration "X" to contract expiration "Y" (as contract 
expiration "X" is approaching expiry), there is a discrete change in the price 
of the prevailing first-nearby commodity futures contract. If contract 
expiration "Y" is trading at a premium to contract expiration "X" (referred to 
as a "contango" market, as described in further detail below), the discrete 
change will represent a jump in the spot price. If contract expiration "Y" is 
trading at a discount to contract expiration "X" (referred to as a "backwardated 
market", as described in further detail below) the discrete change will 
represent a drop in the spot price. Since such jump or drop does not correspond 
to a change in price of any given commodity futures contract, these economics 
cannot be captured by a futures-linked investment such as a commodity index. 
Therefore, all other things being equal (in particular, assuming no change in 
the relative price of the various contract expirations with respect to the 
relevant commodity futures contract), in a contango market a long-only 
futures-linked investment may be expected to underperform the spot price 
(due to not capturing the jump in spot price) and in a backwardated market a 
long-only futures-linked investment may be expected to outperform the spot 
price (due to not capturing the drop in spot price). 
More broadly, typically the price of a commodity futures contract will be at a 
premium or at a discount to the spot price of the underlying physical 
commodity. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to adjust 
the spot price due to related expenses (e.g., warehousing, transport and 
insurance costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general 
factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In addition, and depending 
on the commodity, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the 
spot markets and the futures markets.  
For these reasons, the trend in the value of the spot price of the relevant 
underlying physical commodity/ies may not be matched by the movement of 
the level of the commodity index, and therefore investors in Products linked 
to a commodity index may obtain a lesser return than if they had invested in 
other investment products which seek to give economic exposure to the 
relevant physical commodity/ies price. 
Further, a commodity index may deduct additional costs and expenses under 
the index rules, and such deductions may reduce the level that would 
otherwise prevail and also reduce the correlation with the relevant 
commodity/ies price(s). 
For the above reasons, Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodity 
indices may provide a different return than the relevant underlying physical 
commodity/ies, and investors may realise a higher return through investing in 
other investment products.

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
 
(k) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are funds 
Factors affecting the performance of the Fund (being either (i) an exchange traded fund 
("ETF"), which is an open ended or other fund traded on an exchange, or (ii) a fund, 
in each case that tracks or is linked to the performance of a portfolio of assets) may 
adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked to 
such Fund.  
The performance of a Fund is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors affecting the 
performance of such assets which may include, among other things, interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, commodity prices, currency developments, political 
factors and, in the case of shares, company specific factors, such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These 
factors affecting the performance of the Fund(s) may adversely affect the market value 
of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked to such Funds. 
(i) 
Exposure to the risk that the return on the Product does not reflect the return 
on a direct investment in the fund units or ETF shares or the assets included 
in the portfolio of the Fund(s)  
An Investor's return on Products linked to one or more Funds may not reflect 
the return such Investor would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant 
fund units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). 
For example, if the portfolio of the Fund(s) includes shares or a share index, 
Investors in the Products linked to such Fund will not receive any dividends 
paid on such shares or the shares included in such share index and will not 
benefit from those dividends unless such Fund takes such dividends into 
account for purposes of calculating the value of such Fund. Similarly, 
Investors in Products linked to Fund(s) will not have any voting rights in the 
shares or other assets that are included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). 
Accordingly, an Investor in Products linked to Fund(s) may receive a lower 
payment (if any) upon redemption of such Products than such Investor would 
have received, if he or she had directly invested in the fund units, ETF shares 
or assets included in the portfolio of such Fund(s). 
(ii) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of the Fund(s) could adversely 
affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have no influence on the 
composition or performance of any Fund or any index that such Fund is 
intended to replicate. The Management Company or the licensor/sponsor, as 
applicable, of an underlying index can add, delete or substitute the assets 
included in such index, respectively, or make methodological changes that 
could affect the value of such Fund or of such underlying index, respectively. 
The substitution of assets included in the portfolio of a Fund or in an 
underlying index, respectively, may affect the value of such Fund, as a newly 
added asset may perform significantly worse or better than the asset it 
replaces, which in turn may affect the market value of, or payments (or other 
benefits to be received) under, the Products. The Management Company or 
licensor/sponsor of any underlying index may also alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of information on such Fund or such 
underlying 
index, 
respectively. 
The 
Management 
Company 
and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index are not involved in the offer and 
sale of the Products and have no obligation to invest therein. The Management 
Company and licensor/sponsor of such underlying index may take any actions 
in respect of such Fund or such underlying index, respectively, without regard 
to the interests of the Investors in Products, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of (or amount payable under) such Products. 
In particular, no assurance can be given that the performance of a Fund will 
be identical to the performance of the assets included in the portfolio of the

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
 
Fund(s) or which the Fund intends to replicate, respectively, due to many 
factors. 
(iii) 
Risks in relation to market price 
The market price of interests in the Fund that are traded on an exchange may, 
due to the forces of supply and demand, as well as liquidity and scale of 
trading spread in the secondary market, diverge from their net asset value, i.e., 
the market price per interest in the Fund could be higher or lower than its net 
asset value, and will fluctuate during the trading day. 
The performance of Fund(s) with a portfolio of assets that are concentrated in 
the assets of a particular industry or group of industries could be more volatile 
than the performance of Funds with portfolios of more diverse assets. 
(iv) 
Risks in relation to costs of Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it 
incurs, as described in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may 
include the investment management fees, performance fees and operating 
expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct investment in a 
Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs and expenses regardless of its 
performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to incur increased 
trading costs. Investors of Products linked to Fund(s) will be exposed to a pro 
rata share of the fees and expenses of the relevant Fund(s). 
(v) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net 
asset value per Fund Unit by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its 
behalf). Any delay, suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and 
publication of the net asset value per Fund Unit will impact on the calculation 
of the return on the Products. The value of and return on the Products may 
also be reduced if a Fund delays payments in respect of fund share 
redemptions. 
The Fund Units and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only 
by administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may 
not be verified by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. 
There is a risk that (i) the determinations of the Calculation Agent may not 
reflect the true value of the Fund Units at a specific time which could result in 
losses or inaccurate pricing and/or (ii) relevant values may not be available on 
a relevant date which could result in the Fund Units of the Fund being 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
(vi) 
Risk that strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment 
objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be 
successful or that the investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or 
that any analytical model used by the relevant management company will 
prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-term or long-term 
prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of investments in which such 
Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. The analytical models 
utilised by a management company of a Fund and upon which investment 
decisions are based may be developed from historical analysis of the 
performance or correlation of historical analysis of the performance or 
correlations of certain companies, securities, industries, countries or markets. 
There can be no assurance that the historical performance that is used to 
determine such analytical models will be a good indicator of future 
performance, and if the future performance of a Fund varies significantly, the

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
 
management company of such Fund may not achieve its intended investment 
performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be 
successful under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial 
instruments such as derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge 
against fluctuations in the relative values of the Fund's portfolio positions as 
a result of changes in exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and levels of 
yields and prices of other securities. Such hedging transactions may not 
always achieve the intended outcome and can also limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment 
strategy, within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its 
investment focus within a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear 
adverse consequences to a Fund's investment performance. Further, a Fund 
may have difficulty realising on any strategy initiatives that it undertakes. It 
may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the investment criteria 
set out in its investment guidelines. 
(l) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are reference rates 
(including interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the 
money market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the 
interaction of supply of and demand for funds in the money market. The supply and 
demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic 
factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments 
and political factors, or upon other factors, depending on the specific type of reference 
rate. Such factors affecting the performance of a reference rate may adversely affect 
the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no 
influence on the determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally 
calculated by an independent organization or a governmental authority, often based on 
information provided by market participants. The entity publishing an interest rate or 
reference rate can modify the calculation method for determining such reference rate 
or make other methodological changes that could affect the value of the interest rate or 
reference rate. The calculation or dissemination of such reference rate may also be 
altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a reference rate is not 
involved in the offer and sale of the Products and has no obligation to invest therein. 
The entity publishing a reference rate may take any actions in respect of such reference 
rate without regard to the interests of the Investors in Products and any of these actions 
could adversely affect the market value of such Products. 
(m) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Derivative Instruments or Fixed Rate 
Instruments (each an "Instrument") 
(i) 
There are risks in relation to each type of Instrument 
Instruments may be linked to different types of underlying assets, including, 
but not limited to, indices and shares. Risks in relation to each type of 
underlying asset are described in the section entitled "Risks associated with 
certain types of Underlying". 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Instruments, the 
Instruments may be substituted or the Products may be redeemed early at the 
non-scheduled early repayment amount 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated or redeemed early or in the event 
of changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument, the Instruments may 
be replaced with another instrument or the Products may be redeemed early at

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
 
the unscheduled early redemption amount, which may be zero in the worst 
case, i.e. the Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
(n) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are emerging markets 
Underlyings  
Investments in so-called emerging markets contain further risk factors in addition to 
the risks normally associated with the investment in the respective underlying. These 
include the unstable economic situation, high inflation, increased currency risks as well 
as political and legal risks. The political and economic structures in emerging markets 
are sometimes subject to considerable transitions and rapid developments and these 
countries often lack social, political and economic stability if compared with more 
industrialised nations. Of particular importance is the increased risk of currency 
fluctuations. Instability in these countries can also be caused by authoritarian 
governments or military interference in political and economic decision making. This 
also includes anti-constitutional (attempted) regime change, civil unrest relating to 
demands for improved political, economic and social conditions, hostile relations with 
neighbouring countries or conflicts based on ethnic, religious or racial reasons.  
There is also the possibility of restrictions being imposed on foreign investors, 
expropriation of assets, confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign 
bank deposits or other assets, the introduction of currency controls or other detrimental 
developments which may adversely affect the success of investments in such countries. 
Such adverse effects can, under certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, 
i.e., months or years. Each of these adverse effects may cause what is known as a 
market disruption in relation to the Products and one of the results of this may be that 
during this period no prices will be quoted for the Products affected by the market 
disruption.  
The small size and lack of experience on the securities markets in certain countries as 
well as the limited trading volume of securities can cause an underlying to be less liquid 
and/or considerably more volatile than underlyings in more established markets. It is 
possible that very little financial information is available on local issuers, which can 
make it difficult to assess the value of and/or prospects of the underlying.  
In addition, if the underlyings of the Products are quoted in local currency, i.e., not 
hedged against the currency of the Products, there is an increased foreign exchange 
risk. Experience shows that the currency exchange rates in emerging markets are 
subject to particularly high fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative 
performance of the Product, even though the performance of the underlying during the 
term of the Product has essentially remained unchanged or even risen. This may mean 
that some or all of the total performance of the underlying may be eroded by currency 
losses and that the performance of the underlying even may become negative.  
(o) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Products linked to 
such values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or 
benchmarks are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Products linked to any such value or benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU 
and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
 
addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount 
payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including Products listed 
on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF)), and in a number 
of other circumstances.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, 
the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst 
other things, the Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to 
benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
(a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered 
in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-
EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been 
recognised in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has 
not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-
EU benchmarks pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). 
Benchmarks and benchmark administrators which were approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA 
Register on 1 January 2021.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Products linked to a 
'benchmark'. For example: 
 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways by an EU 
supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does 
not obtain authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
'equivalence' conditions and is not 'recognised' pending an equivalence decision); and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could reduce or 
increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
(depending on the terms of the particular Products) could lead to adjustments to the 
terms of the Products, including potentially determination by the Calculation Agent of 
the rate or level in its discretion. 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging 
the transition away from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take the 
place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling 
LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that 
SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by 
the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate 
(€STR) as the new euro risk- free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be eventually established as the 
primary US dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different 
methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will 
eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record. It is not 
known whether certain IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may 
cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
replacement risk free rate may have little, if any, historical track record and

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
 
may be subject to changes in its methodology. Any of these developments 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Products 
linked to any such rates. 
(p) 
Risks associated with Products linked to an Underlying(s) denominated in renminbi 
(i) 
Renminbi is subject to the People’s Republic of China exchange control 
policies 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and is subject to exchange control policies 
and restrictions of the People’s Republic of China government. As a result of 
restrictions imposed by the People’s Republic of China government on cross-
border renminbi fund flows, the availability of renminbi outside the People’s 
Republic of China is limited, which may adversely affect the liquidity of 
renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China, which in turn may adversely 
affect the market value, and the potential return, of Products linked to or 
denominated in renminbi. 
(ii) 
Risks relating to renminbi exchange rate and interest rate 
If specified in the Issue Terms, the Product will be denominated and settled in 
renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China. The exchange rate of, and 
interest rate for, renminbi outside the People’s Republic of China may be 
different from the same in the People’s Republic of China. The value of 
renminbi against Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates 
and is affected by changes in the People’s Republic of China and international 
political, economic and market conditions and by many other factors. There 
is no guarantee that renminbi will not depreciate and any devaluation of 
renminbi could adversely affect the market value of the Product. In addition, 
interest rates for renminbi in the People’s Republic of China government are 
controlled. The People’s Republic of China government may further liberalise 
the regulation of interest rates for renminbi in the People’s Republic of China 
which may increase interest rate volatility for renminbi outside the People’s 
Republic of China. Any fluctuation in interest rates for renminbi outside the 
People’s Republic of China may adversely affect the market value, and the 
potential return, of the Product. 
(iii) 
Risks relating to renminbi payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency or Investment Currency of the Product is renminbi, 
and FX Disruption Event is 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and has occurred 
and is continuing on, a scheduled date of payment, payment may be made in 
the Specified Currency on the postponed payment date if a Specified Currency 
is chosen in the Issue Terms. In such case, there may be a delay in payments 
under the Product and no interest will be payable for any such delay. Investors 
may also suffer a loss in Specified Currency terms if renminbi depreciates 
against the Specified Currency following the occurrence of an FX Disruption 
Event. 
2.5 
Risks associated with Proprietary Indices as Underlying(s) 
Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalised terms which are not defined in this Base 
Prospectus will have the meanings given to them in the rules of the Relevant Index (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Risks relating to Proprietary Indices generally 
(i) 
The Issuer is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each Underlying 
Strategy (if any) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each 
Underlying Strategy (if any) (each a "Relevant Index"). Each Relevant Index

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
 
has been developed, owned, calculated and maintained by the Issuer (or an 
affiliate), and it has the responsibility for the composition, calculation and 
maintenance of such Relevant Index. As index sponsor, the Issuer (or an 
affiliate) may also amend the rules of the Relevant Index from time to time, 
or discontinue it, in its discretion. In its capacity as index sponsor, the Issuer 
(and any applicable affiliate) is under no obligation to take into account the 
interests of an Investor of the Products that references a Proprietary Index. 
Any such determinations made by the Issuer as index sponsor in relation to 
each Relevant Index may have a negative impact on the value of and return 
on your Products. 
(ii) 
Investors in the Relevant Index could lose their entire investment 
The value of the Relevant Index depends on the performance of the 
components, each of which may increase or decrease in value. Neither the 
Relevant Index nor any of the components includes any element of capital 
protection or guaranteed return. The value of any component, or the Relevant 
Index itself, may fall below its initial value. 
(iii) 
The value of the Relevant Index may be zero 
The value of the Relevant Index is floored at zero. If the methodology for 
calculating the value of the Relevant Index would otherwise result in the value 
of the Relevant Index on any business day of less than zero, the value of the 
Relevant Index shall be deemed to be zero on such business day and all 
subsequent business days. Any transaction or product linked solely to the 
Relevant Index may lose all of its value, with no chance of recovery thereafter. 
(iv) 
The methodology underlying the Relevant Index may not produce positive 
returns and the Relevant Index may underperform other alternative 
investment strategies 
No assurance can be given that the methodology underlying the Relevant 
Index will be successful in producing positive returns or that the Relevant 
Index will outperform any other alternative investment strategy. Furthermore, 
the results that may be obtained from investing in any transaction or product 
linked to the Relevant Index may well be significantly different from the 
results that could theoretically be obtained from a direct investment in the 
relevant components or any related derivatives thereto. 
(v) 
Gains from an investment in transactions or products linked to the Relevant 
Index may be reduced by the deduction of embedded costs 
Nominal embedded costs may be included within the Relevant Index and if 
so, will reduce the level of the Relevant Index. Notional costs may be deducted 
from the performance of the Relevant Index to synthetically reflect the 
transaction costs that a hypothetical investor would incur if such hypothetical 
investor were to enter into and maintain direct investment positions to provide 
the same exposure as the Relevant Index. These embedded costs will reduce 
the value of the Relevant Index. 
(vi) 
The Relevant Index is not actively managed 
The exposure of the Relevant Index to its components is determined in 
accordance with the index methodology set out in the relevant Index Rules. 
Therefore, there will be no active management of the Relevant Index so as to 
enhance returns beyond those embedded in the Relevant Index. Market 
participants often adjust their investments promptly in view of market, 
political, financial or other factors. An actively managed investment may 
potentially respond more directly and appropriately to immediate market, 
political, financial or other factors than a non-actively managed strategy such

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
 
as the Relevant Index. No assurance can be given that the Relevant Index will 
replicate or outperform a comparable strategy which is actively managed and 
the return on the Relevant Index may be lower than the return on an actively 
managed strategy. 
(vii) 
The Relevant Index may not be a fully diversified portfolio 
Diversification is generally considered to reduce the amount of risk associated 
with generating returns. The exposure of the Relevant Index may be 
concentrated in certain industrial sectors and a single geographical market. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Index will be sufficiently 
diversified at any time to reduce or minimize risks of volatility. The more 
concentrated the Relevant Index is in certain industrial sectors and/or 
geographical markets, the greater degree of volatility the Relevant Index may 
exhibit, and this could in turn result in an adverse effect on the returns of the 
Proprietary Index. 
In addition, components in certain industrial sectors and/or geographical 
markets may suffer the same adverse performance following a general 
downturn or other economic or political event, and this could in turn have an 
adverse effect on the returns of the Relevant Index. 
(viii) 
The actual weights or quantities of component(s) may vary following each 
rebalancing 
The actual weight or quantity of each of the components of the Relevant Index 
may be different than the assigned weights or quantities, and therefore the 
relative contribution of each components of the Relevant Index to the level of 
the Relevant Index may vary from time to time, depending on the performance 
of each of the components relative to the other components since such 
immediately preceding rebalancing. The longer the period between each 
rebalancing, the greater the likelihood that there will be a significant variance 
between the absolute values of the weights or quantities of the components 
and the Relevant Index may therefore have an exposure to a component 
further below or in greater excess of its assigned weight than it would if the 
period were shorter, which may result in a greater skewing of the absolute 
nature of the investment positions with respect to the components and increase 
the overall risk profile of the Relevant Index. 
(ix) 
Historical levels of a Relevant Index may not be indicative of future 
performance  
Past performance of a Relevant Index is no guide to future performance. It is 
impossible to predict whether the value of a Relevant Index will rise or fall. 
The actual performance of a Relevant Index in the future may bear little 
relation to the historical performance of a Relevant Index. 
(x) 
Historical analysis or other statistical analysis in respect of the Relevant 
Index is no guarantee of the performance of the Relevant Index 
Certain presentations and historical analysis or other statistical analysis 
materials in respect of the operation and/or potential returns of the Relevant 
Index which may be provided are based on simulated analyses and 
hypothetical circumstances to estimate how the Relevant Index may have 
performed prior to its Launch Date. Neither the index sponsor nor the issuer 
of any product linked to the Relevant Index provides any assurance or 
guarantee that the Relevant Index will operate or would have operated in the 
past in a manner consistent with those materials. As such, any historical 
returns projected in such materials or any hypothetical simulations based on 
these analyses or hypothetical values, which are provided in relation to the 
Relevant Index, may not reflect the performance of, and are no guarantee or

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
 
assurance in respect of the performance or returns of, the Relevant Index over 
any time period.  
(xi) 
There are certain risks in relation to back-testing 
The index calculation agent will designate the "Start Date", on which the value 
of the Relevant Index is equal to the "Initial Value" as specified in the relevant 
Index Rules. The values of the Relevant Index in the period from such Start 
Date, to a date (the "Launch Date") no later than the date on which investment 
products linked to the Relevant Index are first implemented (which may be 
materially later than the Start Date) will be calculated on the basis of back-
tested data ("back-testing"). 
Index values for such period are hypothetical, and are calculated at or around 
the Launch Date in accordance with the Index methodology but using 
historical data available to the index calculation agent at the time of 
calculation. If such historical data is not available or is incomplete for any 
particular day, the index calculation agent may use alternate sources of data 
in place of such historical data, and/or may substitute alternative values 
(which may be determined by the index calculation agent), as it deems 
necessary to calculate such hypothetical value of the Relevant Index. 
If such historical data was available or complete, or if different sources or 
values were used in such back-testing, the Index values for such period would 
be different, potentially materially so. Accordingly, the Index values may not 
reflect the performance of, and are no guarantee or assurance in respect of the 
performance or returns of, the Relevant Index over any time period from the 
Launch Date. Furthermore, any back-testing is based on information and data 
provided to the index calculation agent by third parties. The index calculation 
agent will not have independently verified or guaranteed the accuracy and/or 
the completeness of such information or data provided and is not responsible 
for any inaccuracy, omission, mistake or error in such information, data and/or 
back-testing. 
(xii) 
An Investor in Products linked to a Proprietary Index will have no rights in 
respect of any component(s)  
The investment exposure provided by a Relevant Index is synthetic, and a 
notional investment in a Relevant Index does not constitute a purchase or other 
acquisition or assignment of any interest in any component of a Relevant 
Index (or any sub-components thereof). Investment in Products linked to a 
Proprietary Index will therefore not make an investor a holder of, or give an 
investor a direct investment position in, any component (or any sub-
components thereof). The return on your Products may be less than if you held 
a direct position in a Relevant Index or any component (or any sub-
components thereof), or a different product linked thereto. 
(xiii) 
A Relevant Index may have a limited operating history and may perform in 
unanticipated ways 
Each Relevant Index is a relatively new strategy. As limited historical 
performance data may exist with respect to a Relevant Index and/or the 
components referenced by such Relevant Index, any investment in respect of 
which returns are linked to the performance of a Relevant Index or its 
components may involve greater risk than an investment linked to returns 
generated by an investment strategy with a proven track record. While a longer 
history of actual performance could provide more reliable information on 
which to base an investment decision, the fact that a Relevant Index and the 
relevant components are relatively new would not allow this. There can be no 
guarantee or assurance that a Relevant Index or its components will operate 
in a manner consistent with the data available.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
 
(xiv) 
The index sponsor's hedging activity may affect the level of a Relevant Index 
By executing products linked to a Relevant Index ("Linked Products"), the 
Issuer will have an exposure to such Relevant Index and its components. The 
Issuer (or an affiliate) may take risk positions to hedge this exposure in its sole 
discretion and in a principal capacity. Investors in any Linked Product will not 
have any rights in respect of any of the Issuer's hedge positions, including any 
shares, futures, options, commodities or currencies. The Issuer (or an affiliate) 
may execute its hedging activity by trading in the components of a Relevant 
Index on or before the related rebalancing day. Such trading may have an 
adverse impact on the level at which a component is rebalanced which will 
result in an adverse impact on the performance of such Relevant Index. The 
Issuer's hedging activity, and hence the size of such impact, will be linked to 
the amount of new and outstanding Linked Products at the relevant time and 
then-prevailing market conditions and may affect the market price of or 
liquidity in the relevant market of a Relevant Index. Additionally, the Issuer 
may generate revenues if it executes its hedging activity at different levels 
from those used to determine the value of a Relevant Index or on a rebalancing 
of such Relevant Index. Such hedging activity could generate significant 
returns to the Issuer that will not be passed on to investors in Linked Products. 
(xv) 
As index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index, the Issuer has 
the authority to make determinations that could materially affect such 
Relevant Index and create conflicts of interest 
As the index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index (or an 
affiliate thereof), the Issuer does not generally exercise any discretion in 
relation to the operation of such Relevant Index. The Issuer owes no fiduciary 
duties in respect of each Relevant Index. The Issuer may, however, exercise 
discretion in certain limited situations including, but not limited to, those 
situations described in the relevant Index Rules.  
Determinations made by the Issuer as the index sponsor and/or calculation 
agent of a Relevant Index could adversely affect the level of such Relevant 
Index and the exercise by the Issuer of its discretion could present it with a 
conflict of interest. In making those determinations, the index sponsor and/or 
calculation agent will not be required to, and will not, take the interests of any 
investor in Products linked to the relevant Proprietary Index into account or 
consider the effect its determinations will have on the value of such Products. 
All determinations made by index sponsor and/or calculation agent shall be at 
its sole discretion and shall be conclusive for all purposes and will bind all 
holders of any Products linked to the Proprietary Index. The index sponsor 
and/or calculation agent shall not have any liability for such determinations. 
(xvi) 
A Relevant Index may be changed or become unavailable  
The index sponsor may alter the methodology used to calculate a Relevant 
Index or to discontinue publication of the value of a Relevant Index and such 
event may result in a decrease in the value of or return on any Products linked 
to a Proprietary Index. Any changes may be made without regard to the 
interests of an investor of Products linked to a Proprietary Index. 
A permanent cancellation of a Relevant Index or a failure by the index sponsor 
to calculate or announce the value of a Relevant Index may constitute a 
disruption event in respect of, and, therefore, may result in a decrease in the 
value of or return on any, Products linked to a Proprietary Index or result in 
the termination or early redemption of such Products.  
Furthermore, the decisions and policies of the index sponsor concerning the 
calculation of the value of a Relevant Index could affect its value and, 
therefore, the amount payable over the term of Products linked to a Proprietary

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
 
Index and the market value of such Products. The amount payable on Products 
linked to a Proprietary Index and their market value could also be affected if 
the index sponsor changes these policies. 
(xvii) 
Data sourcing and calculation risks associated with the Relevant Index and 
its components may adversely affect the value of the Relevant Index 
The value of the Relevant Index is calculated based on price data that may be 
subject to potential errors in data sources or other errors that may affect the 
closing levels and/or prices published by the relevant sponsor. 
Any errors in the third party information or data that the Relevant Index relies 
on to generate the signal may impact the other calculations underlying the 
Index methodology, such as whether the Relevant Index takes a long or short 
position in an immediate component included in the Index. Such errors could 
adversely affect the value of the Index. Neither the index sponsor, nor any of 
its affiliates is under any obligation or currently intends to independently 
verify such third party information or data from any third party data source or 
to advise any investor in any transaction or product linked to the Relevant 
Index of any inaccuracy, omission, mistake or error of which it or any such 
affiliate becomes aware. Consequently, neither the index sponsor nor any of 
its affiliates shall be liable (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) to any 
person for any inaccuracy, omission, mistake or error in the calculation or 
dissemination of the value of the Index. 
There can be no assurance that any error or discrepancy on the part of any data 
source or sponsor will be corrected or revised. Even if any error or discrepancy 
on the part of any third party data source or sponsor is corrected or revised, 
neither the index sponsor nor any of its affiliates is under any obligation or 
currently intends to incorporate any such correction or revision into the 
calculation of the value of the Relevant Index or the level of any terminal 
component. Neither the index sponsor, or any of its affiliates makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the correctness or 
completeness of that information and takes no responsibility for the accuracy 
of such data or the impact of any inaccuracy of such data on the value of the 
Relevant Index or on the performance of any components referenced therein. 
Any of the foregoing errors or discrepancies could also adversely affect the 
value of the Index. 
(xviii) Information about the Relevant Index may only be available through the index 
sponsor 
The rules for the Relevant Index are only available through the index sponsor. 
The index sponsor may not provide investors of any transaction or product 
linked to the Relevant Index with further information in relation to the 
Relevant Index beyond what is provided in the relevant Index Rules and 
further information may not be generally available. The index sponsor has 
entered into non-exclusive licensing agreements with certain of its third party 
data suppliers in order to source the necessary data to calculate the Index. The 
formalities necessary to obtain access to such figures may deter potential 
investors from investing in a transaction or product linked to the Relevant 
Index on the secondary market. 
(xix) 
The Relevant Index relies on the use of third-party information 
The Index methodology relies on the use of third-party information. The 
inability of the index calculation agent to source necessary data to calculate 
the relevant formulae of the Relevant Index may affect the value of the 
Relevant Index. Investors considering acquiring or making an investment in a 
transaction or product linked to the Relevant Index should carefully read and 
understand the information about the Relevant Index and its components (and

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
 
any constituents thereof). Information about the components (and any 
constituents thereof) can be found on the Bloomberg and/or the stock 
exchanges on which the constituent equity stocks are listed. However, the 
Issuer makes no warranty as to the correctness of that information and takes 
no responsibility for the accuracy of such data or the impact of any inaccuracy 
of such data on the Index. 
Transactions or products linked to the Relevant Index may be exposed to more 
or less risk, or perform better or worse, based upon the inputs received from 
the above suppliers or sources, than an actual investment in or linked to one 
or more of the components (and any constituents thereof). 
(b) 
Risks relating to specific Proprietary Indices  
Risks that apply to a specific Relevant Index that the Issuer intends to use as Underlying 
for new Products may be included in this section by way of a supplement pursuant to 
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
2.6 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the Lead Manager, the Calculation Agent and of the discretionary powers of the 
Issuer and Calculation Agent  
(a) 
Conflicts of interest  
(i) 
Conflicts of interest related to the Underlying(s) 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "EFGI 
Group"), the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent deal in the 
Underlying(s) or in components of the Underlying(s) or in options or futures 
contracts relating to the Underlying(s) or components thereof in their normal 
course of business and from time to time may participate in transactions 
connected to the Products for their own account or on behalf of others. The 
Issuer and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead Manager and the 
Calculation Agent can also hold interests in individual Underlyings or in the 
companies contained in these Underlyings, meaning that conflicts of interest 
can arise in connection with the Products which conflicts could have an impact 
(including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the 
Products. 
(ii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of another function 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent may, in addition, exercise another 
function in relation to the relevant Products or Underlying(s) or components 
thereof, such as issuing agent, calculation agent, paying agent and/or 
administrative agent. Therefore, there can be conflicts of interest regarding 
the duties when determining the prices of the Products and other 
determinations related thereto among the relevant companies in the EFGI 
Group, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent and the Investors. 
Furthermore, the Issuer and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent may act as members of a consortium, 
financial advisor or sponsor in connection with future offers of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or components thereof; activities of this kind can also entail 
conflicts of interest and could have an impact (including a material adverse 
impact) on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(iii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of hedging transactions 
The Issuer can use parts or all of the proceeds from the sale of the Products 
for hedging transactions. These hedging transactions can influence the price 
of the underlyings or the components of the underlying that is determined on 
the market. Fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) and consequently

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
 
the Products may among other things be attributed to the fact that the Lead 
Manager (or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf 
of the Lead Manager) conduct significant volumes of hedging or other types 
of large transactions in or relating to the Underlying(s). Investors should also 
note in this respect that, especially in unfavourable conditions (e.g., low 
liquidity of the Underlying(s)), such transactions can have a significant impact 
on the value of the Underlying(s) and/or of the components contained therein 
and thus on the price of the Products, the level of any redemption amount as 
well as – in the case of Products which may stipulate a redemption by way of 
delivery – on the type of redemption and possibly lead to certain barrier levels 
stipulated in the terms and conditions being exceeded or fallen short of. 
The hedging entity is entitled to suspend or to stop entirely its trading activities 
in or related to an Underlying. This market conduct of the hedging entity as 
well as the limitation of its trading or hedging activities in or related to the 
Underlying(s) could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) on 
the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(iv) 
Conflicts of interest related to the issuance of additional products 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent can issue additional products in relation 
to the Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s), including those that 
have the same or similar features as the Products. The introduction of products 
that are in competition with the Products can have an impact on the price of 
the underlying or components of the Underlying(s) and therefore have an 
impact on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(v) 
Conflicts of interest related to information specific to the Underlying(s) 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead 
Manager and the Calculation Agent can receive non-public information 
regarding the underlying or components of the Underlying(s), but are not 
obliged to pass such information on to the Investors in the Products. 
Furthermore, companies in the EFGI Group, the Lead Manager and the 
Calculation Agent can publish research reports on the underlying or 
components of the underlying. These activities can give rise to specific 
conflicts of interest and therefore could have an impact (including a material 
adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(vi) 
Conflicts of interest related to the determination of the selling price of the 
Products and commission payments 
The selling price of the Products, where appropriate in addition to fixed issue 
surcharges, management fees, performance fees or other fees, may contain 
surcharges on the initial mathematical 'fair' value of the Products (the 
"margin"). This margin will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion and can differ from surcharges that other issuers impose on 
comparable Products.  
This margin covers, among other things, the costs of structuring, market 
making and settlement of the Products and also includes the expected profit 
for the Issuer. 
The selling price of the Products may contain commission which is charged 
by the Lead Manager for the issue or which is passed on to distribution 
partners as payment for distribution services. This may give rise to a 
difference between the fair value of the Product and the bid and offer prices 
quoted by any market maker (as described below). Any commission contained 
in the Products affects the |Investor's potential rate of return. Furthermore, 
conflicts of interest detrimental to the Investor may arise due to payment of

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
 
such commission to distribution partners, since it could create an incentive for 
the partner to sell its customers products with higher commission. Therefore, 
Investors should consult with their principal bank or financial advisor about 
such conflicts of interest.  
(vii) 
Conflicts of interest related to market making for the Products 
Under normal market conditions the Lead Manager or, if applicable, a third 
party (the "Market Maker") may quote bid and offer prices for each issue of 
Products. However, no legal obligations are assumed with respect to the 
amount or the realisation of such quotations. Investors should note that it may 
not be possible to sell the Products during their term at a particular point in 
time or at a particular price.  
Furthermore, bid and offer prices for the Products quoted by the Market Maker 
(if any) will be calculated on the basis of customary pricing models for the 
sector that are used by the Market Maker and other traders and which 
determine the theoretical value of the Products by taking into account various 
factors influencing prices.  
Such circumstances on which the Market Maker bases its determination of the 
bid and offer prices on the secondary market include, in particular, the 
theoretical value of the Products, which among other things depends on the 
value of the underlying and the spread between bid and offer prices desired 
by the Market Maker. In addition, an issue surcharge that is originally imposed 
on the Products and any fees or costs that are deducted from the redemption 
amount at maturity, such as commission, administrative fees, transaction costs 
or comparable costs, will generally be considered. Furthermore, the margin 
contained in the selling price of the Products, for example, has an impact on 
pricing in the secondary market or other returns, such as paid or expected 
dividends or any other returns on the Underlying or its components if the 
Issuer is entitled to these due to the features of the Products. 
Certain costs such as any administrative fees charged are often during pricing 
not spread equally over the term of the Products (pro rata temporis), thereby 
reducing the price, but instead are deducted in full from the theoretical value 
of the Products at an earlier point in time determined at the discretion of the 
Market Maker. The same applies for the margin, if any, contained in the 
selling price of the Products as well as for dividends and other returns on the 
underlying if the Issuer is entitled to these due to the features of the Products. 
These are often not only deducted from the price when the underlying or its 
components are traded 'ex dividend', but are deducted at an earlier point during 
the term on the basis of the expected dividends for the whole term or a 
particular period. The speed of the deduction depends among other things on 
the amount of any net return flow from the Products to the Market Maker. The 
prices quoted by the Market Maker can therefore deviate considerably from 
the theoretical value or value of the Products to be expected based on the 
above mentioned factors at the relevant point in time. Furthermore, the Market 
Maker can change the methodology by which the prices are determined at any 
time, e.g., by increasing or decreasing the spread. The result of such deviation 
from the theoretical value of the Products can be that bid and offer prices 
quoted by other traders for the Products deviate significantly (both upwards 
and downwards) from the prices quoted by the Market Maker. 
(viii) 
Additional conflicts of interests associated with Products linked to a 
Proprietary Index 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in relation to the Issuer's multiple roles 
in connection with a Proprietary Index. Although the Issuer will perform its 
obligations in a manner that it considers commercially reasonable, it may face 
conflicts between the roles it performs in respect of a Proprietary Index and

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
 
its own interests. In particular, the Issuer (or an affiliate) may have, or enter 
into transactions to create, a physical, economic or other interest (including an 
adverse and/or short interest, as the case may be) in a Relevant Index, products 
linked thereto, any component of a Relevant Index, any input data and/or 
investments referenced by or linked to any component or input data, and may 
exercise remedies or take other action with respect to its interests as it deems 
appropriate. These actions could adversely affect the level of the Relevant 
Index and may include the following: 
(A) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) actively trades (or may actually trade) 
products linked to each Relevant Index, any component or input data 
thereof, investments referenced by or linked to a component or input 
data and numerous related investments. These activities could 
adversely affect the level of the Relevant Index, which could in turn 
affect the return on, and the value of, Products linked to a Proprietary 
Index. 
(B) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) may have access to information relating 
to a Relevant Index, products linked thereto, a component or input 
date of a Relevant Index or investments referenced by or linked to a 
component or input data. The Issuer is not obliged to use that 
information for the benefit of any person acquiring or entering into 
Products linked to a Proprietary Index. 
(C) 
Certain activities conducted by the Issuer (or an affiliate) may 
conflict with the interests of those acquiring Products linked to a 
Proprietary Index. It is possible that the Issuer could receive 
substantial returns in respect of these activities while the value of any 
investment referenced to such Proprietary Index may decline. For 
example:  
(1) 
The Issuer and other parties may issue or underwrite 
additional securities or trade other financial or derivative 
instruments or investments referenced to a Relevant Index 
or other similar strategies or any component. An increased 
level of investment and trading in these securities, 
instruments or investments may negatively affect the 
performance of a Relevant Index and could affect the level 
of a Relevant Index and, therefore, the amount payable at 
maturity (or on any other payment date) on Products linked 
to a Proprietary Index and the value before maturity of such 
Products. Such securities, instruments or investments may 
also compete with Products linked to a Proprietary Index. 
By introducing competing products into the marketplace in 
this manner, the Issuer could adversely affect the market 
value of Products linked to a Proprietary Index and the 
amount paid by it on such Securities at maturity (or on any 
other payment date). To the extent that the Issuer serves as 
issuer, agent, underwriter or counterparty in respect of those 
securities or other similar instruments or investments, its 
interests in respect of those securities, instruments or 
investments may be adverse to the interests of investors of 
Products linked to a Proprietary Index. 
(2) 
Although the Issuer is not obliged to do so, it may elect to 
hedge its exposure to the Relevant Index, any transactions 
or products linked thereto, a component or any investment 
referenced by or linked to a component with an affiliate or 
a third party. That affiliate or third party, in turn, is likely to 
directly or indirectly hedge some or all of its exposure, 
including through transactions taking place on the futures

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
 
and options markets. Where the Issuer chooses to hedge its 
exposure, it may adjust or unwind such hedges by entering 
into, purchasing or selling transactions or products linked to 
the Relevant Index, a component, any investments 
referenced by or linked to a component or any other 
transaction or product on or before the date the Relevant 
Index is valued for purposes of any investments referenced 
to the Relevant Index. The Issuer may also enter into, adjust 
or unwind hedging transactions relating to other instruments 
linked to the Relevant Index or a component including at 
times and/or levels which are different from those used to 
determine the value of the Relevant Index. Any of this 
hedging activity may adversely affect the value of the 
Relevant Index and the value of any transactions or products 
linked to the Relevant Index. In addition, and without 
limitation: 
(D) 
The Issuer could receive substantial returns with respect to these 
hedging activities while the value of the Relevant Index and/or the 
value of any transaction or product linked to the Relevant Index may 
decline. 
(E) 
If the Issuer has hedged its exposure to a component and incurs an 
effective rate of withholding tax that is less than the synthetic 
transaction costs applied in respect of the Relevant Index, the Issuer 
could receive substantial returns. 
(F) 
The Issuer could receive substantial returns if it trades in a 
component on or before the rebalancing of the Relevant Index and/or 
at levels which are different from the levels specified in the 
methodology for determining the value of the Relevant Index. Such 
trading may have an adverse impact on the level at which a 
rebalancing occurs, which may result in an adverse impact on the 
performance of the Relevant Index. In addition, such trading could 
generate significant returns to the Issuer that will not be passed on to 
the investors in transactions or products linked to the Relevant Index. 
(1) 
Certain activities conducted by the Issuer may conflict with 
the interests of those investing in transactions or acquiring 
products linked to the Relevant Index. For example, as 
described above, the Issuer may elect to hedge its 
obligations, if any, with an affiliate or a third party. It is 
possible that the Issuer could receive substantial returns 
with respect to these activities irrespective of the 
performance of the Relevant Index and including while the 
value of any investment referenced to the Relevant Index 
may decline. 
(2) 
The Issuer may also engage in trading for its own accounts, 
for other accounts under its management or to facilitate 
transactions, including block transactions, on behalf of 
customers relating to one or more transactions or products 
linked to the Relevant Index, a component or any 
constituent thereof and/or any investment referenced by or 
linked to a component or any constituent thereof. In the 
course of these transactions, the Issuer's customers may 
receive information about the Relevant Index before it is 
made available to other investors. Any of these activities 
could also adversely affect the value of the Relevant Index 
directly or indirectly by affecting the level of a component 
or any constituent thereof or the investments referenced by

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
 
or linked to a component or any constituent thereof and, 
therefore, the market value of any transactions or products 
linked to the Relevant Index and the amount paid on any 
such transaction or product at maturity. 
(G) 
As operator or sponsor of the Relevant Index, under certain 
circumstances the Issuer will have discretion in making various 
determinations that affect the Relevant Index and transactions or 
products linked to it including, but not limited to, those situations 
described in the relevant Index Rules. The Issuer may use these 
determinations to calculate how much cash it must pay at maturity, 
or, as the case may be, upon any early redemption or on any other 
payment date, of any transaction or product linked to the Relevant 
Index, including products issued by the Issuer or its affiliates and 
subsidiaries. The exercise by the Issuer of this discretion could 
adversely affect the value of the Relevant Index and the value of any 
such transaction or product linked to it. It is possible that the exercise 
by the index sponsor of its discretion to change the relevant Index 
methodology may result in substantial returns in respect of the 
Issuer's trading activities for its proprietary accounts, for other 
accounts under its management or to facilitate transactions on behalf 
of customers relating to one or more transactions or products linked 
to the Relevant Index, and/or the components thereof or any 
investment referenced by or linked to such components. 
(H) 
As operator or sponsor of one or more components, the Issuer or its 
affiliates and subsidiaries may be entitled to exercise discretion over 
decisions that would have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Index, including, without limitation, discontinuing publication of the 
level of one or more components. The Issuer or its affiliates and 
subsidiaries will exercise any such discretion without regard to the 
Relevant Index or investors in any transactions or products linked 
thereto. 
(I) 
The Issuer may in the future create and publish other indices or 
strategies, the concepts of which are similar, or identical, to that of 
the Relevant Index or one or more of the components. The 
components as specified in the relevant Index Rules, however, are 
the only components that will be used for the calculation of the 
Relevant Index. Accordingly, no other published indices should be 
treated by any investor as the level of any component (except as the 
index sponsor or the index calculation agent may so determine, as 
described above). 
(J) 
The Issuer may express opinions or provide recommendations (for 
example, with respect to a component) that are inconsistent with 
investing in transactions or products linked to the Index, and which 
may be revised at any time. Any such opinions or recommendations 
may or may not recommend that investors buy or hold the relevant 
component and could affect the value and or performance of the 
Relevant Index or of transactions or products linked to the Relevant 
Index. 
(K) 
The Issuer may have ownership interests in sponsors of components 
and as such may be able to influence the methodology and other 
features of such components. In addition, the Issuer or its affiliates 
and subsidiaries may provide pricing or other data that is directly 
used in the calculation of the level of components (or the components 
thereof). The activities of the Issuer or its affiliates and subsidiaries 
as contributor to any components may be adverse to the interests of 
investors and/or counterparties to transactions or products linked to

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
 
any such components and may have an impact on the performance of 
such components. 
The Issuer is the index calculation agent and may have ownership 
interests in any other calculation agent with respect to the Relevant 
Index or any component and any third party data providers with 
respect to the Relevant Index or any component and as such may be 
able to influence the determinations of the index calculation agent or 
other calculation agent. In addition, the Issuer and its affiliates and 
subsidiaries may provide pricing or other data that is directly used in 
the calculation of the level and/or components of the Relevant Index. 
The activities of the Issuer and its affiliates and subsidiaries as 
contributor to the Relevant Index may be adverse to the interests of 
investors and/or counterparties to transactions or products linked to 
the Relevant Index and may have an impact on the performance of 
the Relevant Index. 
(b) 
Discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, including in relation to 
the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
There are certain events – relating to the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging arrangements, the 
Underlying(s), taxation, the relevant currency or other matters – the occurrence of 
which may give rise to discretionary powers of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
under the terms and conditions of the Products.  
In relation to the Underlying(s), a key investment objective of the Products is to allow 
investors to gain an economic exposure to the Underlying(s). If an Underlying is 
materially impacted by an unexpected event (for example, a company merges and the 
original stock that formed an Underlying is restructured or changed, or the rules of an 
index that is an Underlying are materially modified) or the relevant price, level or value 
can no longer be calculated, then it may not be possible to achieve the investment 
objective of the Products based on their original terms. In that case, the Calculation 
Agent may have discretionary powers under the terms and conditions of the Products 
to (i) adjust the terms and conditions of the Products, (ii) in certain cases, substitute the 
Underlying(s) for another, (iii) calculate the relevant price, level or value itself, (iv) 
postpone payment, (v) redeem the Products early, or (vi) apply some combination 
thereof. 
In relation to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, Investors 
should be aware that (i) in exercising its discretionary powers under the terms and 
conditions of the Products, each of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in 
particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements in respect of the Products, 
and (ii) unless the terms and conditions of the Products provide that certain hedge 
disruption events do not apply, certain events which affect the Issuer's hedging 
arrangements can give rise to discretionary powers on the part of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent.  
Hedging arrangements are the transactions (if any) entered into by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent to seek to cover the Issuer's exposure to the relevant cash amounts 
to be paid or assets to be delivered under the Products as these fall due. This may 
involve investing directly in the Underlying(s) or entering into derivative contracts 
referencing the Underlying(s) or other techniques. The particular hedging 
arrangements (if any) undertaken by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, and their cost, 
will likely be a significant determinant of the issue price and/or economic terms of the 
Products. Accordingly, if an event occurs which negatively impacts the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may 
have options available to it under the terms and conditions of the Products which it 
may select in its discretion in order to deal with the impact of the event on such hedging 
arrangements. These options may include adjustment of the terms and conditions of

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
 
the Products or early redemption of the Products. In the event of early redemption, the 
early redemption amount may be less than an Investor's investment and, therefore, 
Investors could lose some or all of their money.

--- Page 57 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
56 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out under paragraph 2 (Information incorporated by reference) below contained in 
the documents set out under paragraph 1 (Source documents) below has been filed with the Central Bank 
and shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Source documents 
(a) 
The Registration Document of EFGIF and EFGI dated 23 September 2022 (which can 
be accessed from the following hyperlink https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-
services/prospectuses-disclosures/documents/EFGI 
Registration_Document_ 
2022.pdf) (the "Registration Document") approved by the Central Bank as competent 
authority in Ireland; 
(b) 
The Base Prospectus of EFGIF dated 27 September 2021 (which can be accessed from 
the 
following 
hyperlink 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-
services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/EFGIFG_EU_Base_Prospectus_27092021.pdf) 
(the 
"September 2021 Base Prospectus") approved by the Central Bank as competent 
authority in Ireland;  
(c) 
The Base Prospectus of EFGIF dated 28 September 2020 which can be accessed from 
the 
following 
hyperlink 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-
services/prospectuses-disclosures/documents/Base_Prospectus_EFG_2020.pdf) (the 
"November 2020 Base Prospectus") approved by the Central Bank as competent 
authority in Ireland; 
(d) 
The Annual Report including the Audited Financial Statements of EFGI Finance 
Guernsey for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which can be accessed from the 
following hyperlink: https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/EFG 
International 
Finance 
(Guernsey) 
Ltd._Annual 
Report_2021.pdf) (the "EFGI Finance Guernsey 2021 Annual Report"); 
(e) 
The Annual Report including the Audited Financial Statements of EFGI Finance 
Guernsey for the year ended 31 December 2020 (which can be accessed from the 
following hyperlink: https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/Annual_Report_EFGI_Finance_Guernsey_2020.pdf) 
(the 
"EFGI Finance Guernsey 2020 Annual Report"); 
(f) 
the EFGI Half-Year Report including the condensed consolidated financial statements 
of EFGI for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (which can be accessed from the 
following hyperlink: https://www.efginternational.com/doc/jcr:662d8725-4f3d-4a85-
bd69-
13702f0c6d4e/EFGI_2022_Half_Year_Report_EN.pdf/lang:en/EFGI_2022_Half_Ye
ar_Report_EN.pdf) (the "EFGI 2022 Half-Year Report"); 
(g) 
The EFGI Annual Report including the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of 
EFGI for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which can be accessed from the following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.efginternational.com/doc/jcr:185a2307-fbcc-4acd-a08f-
74becdf02c20/EFGI%202021_Full_Year_Report_EN.pdf/lang:en/EFGI%202021_Fu
ll_Year_Report_EN.pdf) (the "EFGI 2021 Annual Report"); and 
(h) 
The EFGI Annual Report including the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of 
EFGI for the year ended 31 December 2020 (which can be accessed from the following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.efginternational.com/doc/jcr:01fc7492-276b-4672-b4e1-
40c5549c3226/EFGI%202020_Full_Year_Report_EN.pdf/lang:en/EFGI%202020_F
ull_Year_Report_EN.pdf) (the "EFGI 2020 Annual Report"). 
2. 
Information incorporated by reference 
The information specified in the table below is incorporated into this Base Prospectus by 
reference. Any information contained in the document specified in paragraph 1 (Source

--- Page 58 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
57 
 
documents) above which is not listed in the cross-reference lists below is either not relevant for 
Investors for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation or is covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
From the Registration Document 
Page references 
Information on the Issuer 
 
Names and addresses of the Issuer's auditors for the period 
covered by the historical financial information (together with 
their membership in a professional body). 
Page 25 
Risk Factors 
Pages 2 to 5 
History and development of the Issuer 
Page 23 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
Page 23 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier 
Pages 23, 27 
The date of incorporation of the Issuer 
Page 23 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which it operates, its country of incorporation, its address, 
telephone number of its registered office and website  
Pages 1, 23 
A description of the Issuer's principal activities 
Pages 23 
A brief description of the EFGI Group and the Issuer's position 
within the EFGI Group 
Page 22 
An appropriate statement to the effect that there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements  
Page 23 
A description of any significant change in the financial 
performance of the EFGI Group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information has been 
published to the date of the Registration Document 
Page 23 
Names, business addresses and functions within the Issuer of 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies 
Pages 23-24 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies' conflicts 
of interests 
Page 25 
Information on the major shareholder that owns and controls the 
Issuer 
Page 25 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer financial position or profitability 
Pages 26 
Description of any significant change in the financial position of 
the EFGI Group which has occurred since the end of the last 
financial period for which either audited financial information 
or interim financial information have been published 
Page 26 
Additional information on share capital  
Page 25 
Additional information on the articles of association 
Page 26 
Material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Issuer's business, which could result in any 
member of the EFGI Group being under an obligation or an 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued 
Pages 26-27 
Details of where the Issuer's up to date articles of association 
and Registration Document are available  
 
Page 27 
Information on the Guarantor 
 
Names and addresses of the Guarantor's auditors for the period 
covered by the historical financial information (together with 
their membership in a professional body). 
Page 37

--- Page 59 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
58 
 
Risk Factors 
Pages 5-17 
History and development of the Guarantor 
Page 28 
The legal and commercial name of the Guarantor 
Page 28 
The place of registration of the Guarantor, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
Page 28 
The date of incorporation of the Guarantor 
Page 28 
The domicile and legal form of the Guarantor, the legislation 
under which it operates, its country of incorporation, its address, 
telephone number of its registered office and website  
Pages 1, 28 
Credit ratings assigned to the Guarantor 
Page 41 
A description of the Guarantor's principal activities 
Page 28 
A brief description of the EFGI Group and the Guarantor's 
position within the EFGI Group 
Page 22 
An appropriate statement to the effect that there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 
the date of its last published audited financial statements  
Page 29 
A description of any significant change in the financial 
performance of the Leonteq Group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information has been 
published to the date of the Registration Document 
Page 29 
Names, business addresses and functions within the Guarantor 
of members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies 
Pages 29-36 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies' conflicts 
of interests 
Page 36 
Information on the major shareholder that owns and controls the 
Guarantor 
Pages 36-37 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Guarantor and/or EFGI Group's 
financial position or profitability 
Pages 37-40 
Description of any significant change in the financial position of 
the EFGI Group which has occurred since the end of the last 
financial period for which either audited financial information 
or interim financial information have been published 
Page 40 
Additional information on share capital  
Pages 36-37 
Additional information on the articles of association 
Page 40 
Material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Guarantor's business, which could result in any 
member of the EFGI Group being under an obligation or an 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued 
Pages 40-41 
Details of where the Guarantor's up to date articles of 
association and Registration Document are available  
Page 41 
From the September 2020 Base Prospectus 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 47-74 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 75-242 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Pages 243-326 
Form of Final Terms 
Pages 327-424 
From the September 2021 Base Prospectus 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 47-73 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 74-283 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Pages 284-367

--- Page 60 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
59 
 
Form of Final Terms 
Pages 368-494 
From the EFGI Finance Guernsey 2021 Annual Report* 
 
Independent Auditors' Report to the Members of EFG 
International Finance (Guernsey) Limited 
5 to 6 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
7 
Statement of Financial Position 
8 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
9 
Statement of Cash Flows 
10 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
11 to 29 
From the EFGI Finance Guernsey 2020 Annual Report* 
 
Independent Auditors' Report to the Members of EFG 
International Finance (Guernsey) Limited 
5 to 6 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
7 
Statement of Financial Position 
8 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
9 
Statement of Cash Flows 
10 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
11 to 29 
From the EFGI 2021 Annual Report* 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements EFG International for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
87 to 224 
 
Consolidated income statement  
88 
 
Consolidated statement of Comprehensive income 
89 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
90 
 
Consolidated statement of Changes in Equity 
91 to 92 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow statement 
93 to 94 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
96 to 214 
 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements  
215 to 222 
Parent Company Financial Statements 
223 to 235 
 
Income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 
224 
 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 
225 
 
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements 
226 to 232 
 
Statutory Auditors’ Report  
233 to 235 
From the EFGI 2020 Annual Report*

--- Page 61 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
60 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements EFG International for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
85 to 215 
 
Consolidated income statement 
86 
 
Consolidated statement of Comprehensive income 
87 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
88 
 
Consolidated statement of Changes in Equity 
89 to 90 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow statement 
91 to 93 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
94 to 215 
 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements 
217 to 224 
Parent Company Financial Statements  
225 to 238 
 
Income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 
226 
 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 
227 
 
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements 
228 to 234 
 
Statutory Auditors' Report  
235 to 238 
From the EFGI 2022 Half-Year Report* 
 
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for six 
months ended 30 June 2022 
7 to 14 
 
Condensed consolidated interim income statement 
8 
 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of 
comprehensive income 
9 
 
Condensed consolidated interim balance sheet 
10 
 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in 
equity 
11-13 
 
Condensed consolidated interim cash flow statement 
14 
 
Notes to condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements 
15 to 48 
 
*The page numbers referenced above in relation to the 2021 Annual Report, the 2020 Annual 
Report and the 2022 Half-Year Report relate to the PDF version of such document. 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above document 
should do so in connection with their evaluation of any Products. 
The documents incorporated by reference set out in paragraph 1 (Source documents) above will 
be published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.leonteq.com).

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
61 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS 
The terms and conditions of any particular issuance of Products will be composed of: 
(a) 
General Conditions: the General Conditions as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'General Conditions' below;  
(b) 
Payout Conditions: the economic or 'payout' conditions of the Products as set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled 'Payout Conditions' below, and which are 
specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(c) 
Underlying Specific Conditions: in respect of the Underlying(s) which the Products are 
linked to, the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying(s) as set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled 'Underlying Specific Conditions' below, and 
which are specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms; and  
(d) 
Issue Terms: the issue specific details relating to such Products as set forth in a separate 
Issue Terms. 
No. 
General Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Introduction ........................................................................................................ 
63 
2 
Form, Title and Transfer .................................................................................... 
64 
3 
Status and Guarantee .......................................................................................... 
67 
4 
Calculations and Publication .............................................................................. 
67 
5 
Payments and Deliveries .................................................................................... 
68 
6 
Redemption and Settlement................................................................................ 
70 
7 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event ........................................ 
73 
8 
Indicative Amounts ............................................................................................ 
74 
9 
Effect of Adjustments ......................................................................................... 
74 
10 
Events of Default ................................................................................................ 
74 
11 
Early termination following a Service Provider Default Event .......................... 
75 
12 
Agents ................................................................................................................ 
75 
13 
Taxation.............................................................................................................. 
76 
14 
Prescription ........................................................................................................ 
77 
15 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability .................................... 
77 
16 
Notices ............................................................................................................... 
78 
17 
Substitution ........................................................................................................ 
78 
18 
Modifications ..................................................................................................... 
79 
19 
Purchases and Cancellations .............................................................................. 
79 
20 
Governing law and jurisdiction .......................................................................... 
79 
21 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ..................................................... 
80 
22 
Severability ........................................................................................................ 
80 
23 
Definitions and Interpretation ............................................................................ 
80 
 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Coupon Provisons .............................................................................................. 
90

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
62 
 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
2 
Autocall Provisions ............................................................................................ 
102 
3 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option .................................................. 
108 
4 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products ..................................................... 
111 
5 
Redemption of Twin Win Products .................................................................... 
132 
6 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products ....................................................... 
142 
7 
Redemption of Protection Products .................................................................... 
143 
8 
Redemption of Bonus Products .......................................................................... 
159 
9 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products .................................................... 
180 
10 
Redemption of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products ....................................... 
184 
11 
Redemption of Tracker Products ........................................................................ 
195 
12 
Redemption of Dual Currency Products ............................................................. 
217 
13 
Redemption of Discount Products ...................................................................... 
219 
14 
Redemption of Leverage Products ..................................................................... 
221 
15 
Redemption of Outperformance Products .......................................................... 
236 
16 
Redemption of Long/Short Products .................................................................. 
246 
17 
Redemption of Dispersion Products ................................................................... 
252 
18 
Redemption of Steepener Products .................................................................... 
254 
19 
General Definitions ............................................................................................ 
257 
 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Page No. 
Share Linked Conditions ..................................................................................................  
265 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions ..........................................  
274 
Index Linked Conditions ..................................................................................................  
283 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions ............................................................................  
291 
Commodity Linked Conditions ........................................................................................  
301 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions ...................................................................  
308 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions ................................................................................  
316 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions .............................  
323 
ETF Linked Conditions ....................................................................................................  
330 
Fund Linked Conditions ...................................................................................................  
341 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions ...................................................................................  
348

--- Page 64 ---
General Conditions 
63 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
1. 
Introduction 
The following text comprises the general terms and conditions of the Products (the "General 
Conditions") that, together with the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions and subject to election and completion (and, in the case of Exempt Products, 
if applicable, amendment) in the Issue Terms (as defined below) (together, the "Conditions"), 
shall be applicable to each Series. 
The "Issue Terms" mean either (a) where the Products relate to a tranche that are not Exempt 
Products, the issue specific details will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") 
or (b) where the Products relate to a tranche of Products that are neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or will be 
of (or in respect of which a separate prospectus other than the base prospectus under the 
Programme will be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation)) ("Exempt Products"), the 
issue specific details will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions and/or the applicable 
Payout Conditions and/or the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions, replace or modify such 
conditions for the purposes of such Exempt Products, and references to Issue Terms should be 
construed accordingly. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions or the 
Issue Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to 'Products' are to the Products of one Series only, not 
to all Products that may be issued pursuant to the European issuance and offering programme 
established by the Issuer (the "Programme"). 
The Products are issued as a Series of notes ("Notes") or certificates ("Certificates") by the 
Issuer and references to 'Products' shall be construed as a reference to each Series accordingly. 
Certain Products which are in the form of Certificates may be entitled "Warrants" pursuant to 
the Payout Conditions. 
SIX SIS Securities (as defined below) are issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement dated 
4 October 2013 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at 
the relevant Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). 
The payment and delivery obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Products are guaranteed by 
EFG International AG (the "Guarantor"). In the case of Products that stipulate a potential 
settlement by delivery of the Entitlement, if the Issuer fails to satisfy its delivery obligations 
under such Products the Guarantor will satisfy its obligations in respect of such Products by 
electing, in its reasonable discretion, to either deliver the relevant Underlying(s) or by paying 
the Settlement Disruption Amount. 
The Calculation Agent (the "Calculation Agent") shall be as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of SIX SIS Securities, Leonteq 
Securities AG, acting through its head office, will act as the paying agent (the "Paying Agent"), 
subject as provided in General Condition 12.1 (Appointment of Agents). 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series (save in respect of specific terms outlined in the Issue Terms, such as the Issue Date, 
Issue Price, first payment of interest, if applicable, and Issue Size of the Tranche) and will be 
set out in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
General Conditions 
64 
 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, capitalised terms used in these Conditions which are 
defined in General Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation) have the meanings given in 
General Condition 23 (Definitions and Interpretation). 
2. 
Form, Title and Transfer  
2.1 
Form of Products 
(a) 
Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Products other than SIX SIS Securities will be issued in bearer form 
("Euroclear/Clearstream Securities"). 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will initially be issued in global form (the "Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities"), and may only be exchanged for securities in 
definitive form (the "Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities") upon an 
Exchange Event occurring, and in each case in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Investor will be entitled to request its Euroclear/Clearstream Securities to be exchanged 
for securities in definitive form for any reason other than on the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Products are issued in bearer dematerialized book-entry form and 
no physical document of title will be issued to represent the Product, such as definitive 
securities. 
The Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security may be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Series or Tranche to a Common Depositary for the Relevant Clearing 
System. The Relevant Clearing System will then credit each subscriber with an 
aggregate nominal amount or aggregate number, as applicable, of the Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security equal to the nominal amount or number thereof for 
which it has subscribed and paid. 
Upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event on or after its Exchange Date each Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, free of 
charge, for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities.  
An 
exchange 
of 
Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities 
for 
Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a 
certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
On or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Euroclear/Clearstream 
Security may surrender it or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for 
endorsement to or to the order of the Paying Agent and in exchange the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount or aggregate 
number, 
as 
applicable, 
of 
duly 
executed 
and 
authenticated 
Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities. 
(b) 
Form of SIX SIS Securities 
"SIX SIS Securities" are Products specified as such in the Issue Terms and which are 
issued in uncertificated form in accordance with article 973c of the CO or in the form 
of a permanent global certificate in accordance with article 973b of the CO.  
The Investors of SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated form shall at no time have 
the right to demand the conversion of uncertificated securities into, or the delivery of, 
a permanent global certificate or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying Agent 
shall have the right to effect the conversion of the uncertificated securities into a 
permanent global certificate in accordance with article 973b of the CO or physical 
securities (Wertpapiere) and vice versa. Neither the Issuer nor the Investors of SIX SIS 
Securities issued in the form of a permanent global certificate shall at any time have

--- Page 66 ---
General Conditions 
65 
 
the right to effect or demand the conversion of the permanent global certificate into, or 
the delivery of, uncertificated securities or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying 
Agent shall have the right to effect the conversion of the permanent global certificate 
into physical securities if it determines this to be necessary or useful. Physical securities 
may be printed in whole but not in part. 
By (i) registering uncertificated securities in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX 
SIS Ltd, Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central depository ("SIS") or by 
depositing a permanent global certificate with SIS and (ii) crediting the respective SIX 
SIS Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of an account holder with SIS, 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") pursuant to the 
Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) of 3 October 2008 
("FISA") are created. 
Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by way of crediting the respective 
SIX SIS Securities to, and debiting the respective SIX SIS Securities from, a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) held with a custodian pursuant to the rules of the FISA. 
2.2 
Denomination and Number 
(a) 
Notes 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Notes will specify the Specified 
Denomination in which such Products are issued, the Issue Size, the Issue Price, the 
Settlement Currency and the Calculation Amount.  
(b) 
Certificates 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Certificates will specify either the 
Settlement Currency of such Products, the Issue Price per Product, the Calculation 
Amount and either (a) the number of Products being issued (in which case the 
Certificates are "Unit Certificates") or (b) the Notional Amount per Product and the 
Issue Size (in which case the Certificates are "Notional Certificates"). All Certificates 
of a Series shall have the same Calculation Amount. 
2.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Title to Euroclear/Clearstream Securities passes by delivery. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent shall (except as otherwise required by law or ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction) deem and treat the Investor (as defined below) of 
any Euroclear/Clearstream Security as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or 
not such Product is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security 
representing it) or its theft or loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Investor. 
In these General Conditions, except in respect of SIX SIS Securities, "Investor" means 
the bearer of any Euroclear/Clearstream Security, except that, in respect of any Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, the person appearing as the accountholder for the 
Relevant Clearing System (the "Accountholder") shall be treated as the Investor for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment or delivery of any amount due under 
the Products (for which purpose the Common Depositary shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent as the relevant Investor).  
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Products may be held only through an authorised intermediary 
entitled to hold securities deposit accounts with the Monte Titoli on behalf of their 
customers.

--- Page 67 ---
General Conditions 
66 
 
(b) 
Title to SIX SIS Securities  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities, the holder 
and legal owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person holding them in a 
securities account in their own name and for their own account with their depositary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the FISA (and in respect of SIX 
SIS Securities, the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be construed 
accordingly). The records of such depositary determine the number of SIX SIS 
Securities held by such Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask the 
depositary for information about Intermediated Securities that are credited to their 
account.  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of uncertificated 
securities, but do not constitute Intermediated Securities, the first holder and legal 
owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person registered as holder in the register 
of uncertificated securities and "Investor" shall be construed accordingly. In respect 
of SIX SIS Securities in the form of uncertificated securities converted to certificated 
securities by the Issuer issuing physical securities which are not Intermediated 
Securities, the holder and legal owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person(s) 
holding the physical securities (and the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be 
construed accordingly). 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of a permanent global 
certificate, but do not constitute Intermediated Securities, each Investor shall have a 
proportionate co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global 
certificate to the extent of such Investor's claim against the Issuer, provided that for so 
long as the permanent global certificate remains deposited with SIS the co-ownership 
interest shall be suspended and the respective SIX SIS Securities may solely be 
transferred and otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA. 
2.4 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfers of Cleared Products  
(i) 
Cleared Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Subject to General Condition 2.4(c) (Minimum Tradable Lot) below, transfers 
of Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected 
only through the Relevant Clearing System in which the Products to be 
transferred are held and only in accordance with the Relevant Rules.  
Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear, 
Clearstream or Registeror Monte Titoli, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Transfers of SIX SIS Securities 
SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities may solely be 
transferred and otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the 
FISA, being transferred and disposed of by instruction of the Investor to their 
depositary to transfer the Intermediated Securities, as the case may be, and 
crediting the Intermediated Securities, as the case may be, to the account of 
the transferee's depositary. 
(b) 
Transfers of non-Cleared Products 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities which are not Cleared Products will be transferred by 
delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot 
Transactions in the Products may, if specified in the Issue Terms, be subject to a 
Minimum Tradable Lot, in which case such Products will be transferable only in a

--- Page 68 ---
General Conditions 
67 
 
nominal amount, in the case of Notes and Notional Certificates, or in a number, in the 
case of Unit Certificates, of not less than such Minimum Tradable Lot and, in the case 
of Cleared Products, in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
3.1 
Status of the Products 
The Products constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Products will rank 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(except for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application). The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The Products 
are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. 
3.2 
Guarantee 
The payment obligations and (subject to the paragraph immediately below) delivery obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Products are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee dated 28 September 2020 (as amended, supplemented, 
restated and/or replaced as at the relevant Issue Date, the "Guarantee"). The Guarantee is 
subject to Swiss law and constitutes a guarantee in the sense of Art. 111 of the CO.  
If the Issuer fails to deliver the Entitlement, the Guarantor may elect, in its reasonable 
discretion, to deliver the Entitlement or pay the Settlement Disruption Amount. 
4. 
Calculations and Publication 
4.1 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, (a) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Sub-Unit of such currency (with half a Sub-Unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded to the nearest Japanese yen (with half a Unit being 
rounded up); (b) all values resulting from such calculations shall be rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up to 0.0001); (c) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes, 
"Sub-Unit" means a fraction of the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. "Unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Other Rounding 
Convention" is applicable to any relevant amount, percentage or value as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, such amount, percentage or value shall be rounded to the nearest such 
Specified Sub-Unit of currency (with halves being rounded up or down) or Decimal Place, as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
4.2 
Determination and publication of interest rates, Interest Amounts and amounts in respect 
of settlement 
As soon as practicable on such date as the Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation in respect of or in connection with any Product, such Agent shall determine such 
rate, obtain any required quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the relevant payment amount to be notified to the Issuer, each of the Agents, any 
other agent in respect of the Products that is to make a payment, delivery or further calculation 
or determination upon receipt of such information and, if the Products are listed and the rules of 
the Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority and the rules thereof so require, to such 
exchange or relevant authority, as soon as possible after their determination.

--- Page 69 ---
General Conditions 
68 
 
4.3 
Calculation Amount 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of a Product for which a Specified Denomination or a Calculation Amount 
is stated, each calculation of an Entitlement deliverable and residual cash amount in 
respect of such Product hereunder shall be made on the basis of the relevant Calculation 
Amount; and  
(b) 
each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Product (other than 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) shall be based on the aggregate nominal 
amount or number of all such Products outstanding on such date (or the relevant 
affected portion thereof), rounded in accordance with the method provided in General 
Condition 4.1 (Rounding) above and distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any amount payable or Entitlement 
deliverable under the Conditions in respect of a Product and which is calculated by 
reference to a Calculation Amount, references to (A) 'Product', in the case of Products 
that are Notes or Notional Certificates, shall mean a Product having a nominal amount 
(or face value) equal to the Calculation Amount and (B) an amount 'per Calculation 
Amount', in the case of Unit Certificates, shall mean per Product.  
4.4 
Business Day Convention 
If any date specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, 
the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day and where in each case the Issue Terms specifies Business Day Convention as: 
(a) 
'Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
'Modified Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
(c) 
'Nearest', such date shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day if the Relevant Date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day if the Relevant Date 
otherwise falls on a Sunday or a Monday;  
(d) 
'Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day;  
(e) 
'Modified Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would fall in the previous calendar month, in which case such 
date shall be postponed to the immediately following Business Day; or 
(f) 
'No Adjustment' such date shall not be adjusted. 
5. 
Payments and Deliveries 
5.1 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
In respect of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, payments of principal will be made 
against and subject to the presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment, 
endorsement) of the relevant Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent outside the United States, by a cheque drawn in the currency in which 
payment is due, or by transfer to an account with a Custody Bank denominated in such currency, 
as applicable. Payments of interest will be made as set out above but against and subject to the 
presentation and surrender of the relevant interest coupon (the "Coupon"). Deliveries of any 
Entitlement shall be made in the manner notified to Investors. Payments of interest shall only 
be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.

--- Page 70 ---
General Conditions 
69 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Product (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
Where any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
5.2 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
(a) 
Payments and Deliveries 
No payment or delivery falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities unless exchange for an interest in a Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security or for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities is 
improperly withheld or refused.  
All payments and deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will 
be made against and subject to presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment 
or delivery falls to be made in respect of the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, 
surrender of that Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security to or to the order of the Paying 
Agent outside the United States.  
Payments of interest shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
(b) 
Relationship of Accountholders and Relevant Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the 
Investor must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for their share of each 
payment or delivery made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security. The obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment or delivery to the bearer of such Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security in 
respect of each amount so paid or delivered.  
5.3 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities  
Payments of principal, interest as well as deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities held through 
SIS shall be made, subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the Relevant 
Clearing System(s), to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the 
account(s) of the relevant Accountholder(s) in accordance with the Relevant Rules. The Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, if applicable) and the Paying Agent shall be discharged by payment or 
delivery to, or to the order of, such Accountholders.  
5.4 
Record Date for Payments of interest 
Payments of interest in respect of Products shall be made to the Investors who are deemed to be 
the holders thereof on the Interest Record Date in respect of such payment of interest, 
PROVIDED THAT (a) such payment shall at all times be made in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules (and if there is any difference between this General Condition 5.4 and the application of 
the Relevant Rules, the Relevant Rules shall apply) and (b) this General Condition 5.4 shall not 
apply to any payment of interest if the Products are due to be redeemed on or around the 
scheduled payment date for such interest. For the purposes of this General Condition 5.4, 
"Interest Record Date" in respect of any payment of interest shall be either (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) (a) the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms prior to the scheduled 
payment date corresponding to the relevant interest amount or (b) the date as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
5.5 
Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement 
Payment of principal and/or interest and delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to 
deduction, or conditional upon payment by the relevant Investor(s), of any applicable Taxes and

--- Page 71 ---
General Conditions 
70 
 
(unless the 'Settlement Expenses' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms) Settlement 
Expenses and any other amounts payable as specified in the Conditions. The Issuer shall notify 
the Investor(s) of (a) such applicable Taxes, Settlement Expenses and other amounts payable 
and (b) the manner in which such amounts shall be paid by the Investor(s). 
5.6 
Payments on Business Days  
If the date on which any amount is payable is not (i) a Business Day and (ii) in the case of 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
place of presentation, then payment will not be made until the next succeeding day which is (A) 
a Business Day and (B) in the case of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, also a 
day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and the Investor thereof shall 
not be entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay. 
6. 
Redemption and Settlement 
6.1 
Redemption 
(a) 
Partial Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product in respect of 
which 'Partial Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms (each such 
Product, a "Partial Redemption Product") shall be partially redeemed on each Partial 
Redemption Date upon payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of an amount equal to the 
Partial Redemption Amount corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date. The 
Calculation Amount of each such Product shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption 
Amount(s) for all purposes with effect from the relevant Partial Redemption Date, 
unless payment of the relevant Partial Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the date determined 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Prescription). In the case of Notes, the Issue 
Size of the relevant Series shall reduce accordingly and in the case of Certificates (if 
applicable) the Notional Amount per Product shall reduce accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product shall be 
redeemed in full by the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, or, 
if applicable, by delivery of the Entitlement on the Delivery Date (in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2  ( Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement) and the payment of 
any Residual Cash Amount. 
Each Unit Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the day prior to final 
redemption on the Redemption Date. 
6.2 
Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement 
(a) 
Delivery of Entitlement 
The following provisions apply to the delivery of all Entitlements in respect of 
Products: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, subject to this General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Settlement), General Condition 4 (Calculations and Publication) and General 
Condition 5 (Payments and Deliveries), on any relevant Delivery Date, deliver 
(or procure delivery on its behalf) the relevant Entitlement in respect of each 
Product to such account in respect of Cleared Products in the Relevant 
Clearing System in accordance with the Relevant Rules and, in respect of all 
other Products, such account as may be notified by the relevant Investor to the

--- Page 72 ---
General Conditions 
71 
 
Issuer in the relevant Delivery Entitlement Instruction at the risk and expense 
of the relevant Investor. If an Investor does not provide the Issuer with 
sufficient instructions in a timely manner to enable the Issuer (directly or 
acting through such person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying 
Agent) as it may procure) and/or the Relevant Clearing System, if applicable, 
to effect any required delivery of the Entitlement, the due date for such 
delivery shall be postponed accordingly. The Issuer and the Relevant Clearing 
System, if applicable, shall determine whether any instructions received by it 
are sufficient and whether they have been received in time to enable delivery 
on any given date. As used in this General Condition 6.2 (Settlement by 
Delivery of the Entitlement), "delivery" means, in relation to any Entitlement, 
the carrying out of the steps required of the Issuer (or such person (including 
any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the 
relevant delivery on its behalf) in order to effect the transfer of the relevant 
Entitlement and "deliver", "delivered" and "deliverable" shall be construed 
accordingly. The Issuer (or such person (including any of its Affiliates or the 
Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf) 
shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in the delivery of any 
Entitlement once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting from 
settlement periods of clearing systems, acts or omissions of registrars or 
otherwise and neither the Issuer (or such person (including any of its Affiliates 
or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its 
behalf) nor the Guarantor shall have any responsibility for the lawfulness of 
the acquisition or transfer of the Entitlement or any interest therein by any 
Investor or any other person. 
(ii) 
No Investor will be entitled to receive dividends declared or paid in respect of 
any Underlying or to any other rights relating to or arising out of any such 
component of the Entitlement if the record date for the relevant dividend or 
relevant right in respect of such components and Entitlement falls before the 
relevant Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
Delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to the condition to settlement in 
General Condition 5.5 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to 
settlement) 
(iv) 
The Issuer will endeavour to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the 
relevant Entitlement to the Investor on the relevant Delivery Date. In the event 
that an Investor requests that delivery of the Entitlement be made at a location 
or in a method that is different from that specified in the Conditions, the Issuer 
may (but is not obliged to) seek to deliver the Entitlement to such location 
and/or by such method, provided that no additional unreimbursed costs are 
incurred. The Issuer shall, subject as provided below, on the relevant Delivery 
Date, deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the Transfer Documentation 
relating to the Entitlement (or, in the case of an Underlying that is an equity 
unit, the Transfer Documentation in respect of such equity unit) to or to the 
order of the Investor or to such bank or broker as the Investor has specified in 
the relevant Delivery Entitlement Instruction. 
(v) 
All Entitlements will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Investor. 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of an Entitlement or any portion 
thereof is (or is likely to become) impossible or impracticable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on the relevant Delivery Date (the 
assets constituting such Entitlement or portions thereof (the "Affected Assets")), then 
such Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Relevant Settlement Day 
in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that:

--- Page 73 ---
General Conditions 
72 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall attempt to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) any 
portion of the Entitlement which does not comprise Affected Assets on the 
originally designated Delivery Date; 
(ii) 
the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product 
by delivering (or procuring delivery on its behalf) some or all of the Affected 
Assets in such manner as it may determine and in such event the relevant 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection 
with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
(iii) 
in respect of any Affected Assets, in lieu of settlement by delivery of the 
Entitlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may 
elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product by payment 
by the Issuer (or any person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying 
Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant payment on its behalf) to the 
relevant Investor of the Settlement Disruption Amount on the Settlement 
Disruption Date. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Investors 
that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and payment of the 
Settlement Disruption Amount will be made, subject to this General Condition 
6 (Redemption and Settlement), General Condition 4 (Calculations and 
Publication) and General Condition 5 (Payments and Deliveries), in such 
manner as shall be notified. No Investor shall be entitled to any additional 
amount in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement or payment 
of the Settlement Disruption Amount due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event. No liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, any 
person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure 
to make the relevant delivery on its behalf, and/or the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Liability 
Redemption of the Products, payments by the Issuer (or such person (including any of 
its Affiliates) as it may procure to make the relevant payments on its behalf) and the 
Paying Agent and any delivery of an Entitlement, in whole or in part, by or on behalf 
of the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, regulations and practices in force at such time (including, without 
limitation, any relevant exchange control laws or regulations and the Relevant Rules) 
and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Relevant Clearing System, the Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect any 
payments or deliveries contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of 
any such laws, regulations and practices. None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or 
defaults of the Relevant Clearing System in the performance of their respective duties 
in relation to the Products or, in relation to the delivery of the Entitlement, the acts or 
defaults of any relevant Exchange (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions). 
6.3 
Postponement of payments and settlement  
If the determination of a price or level used to calculate any amount payable or Entitlement 
deliverable on any Payment Date or Delivery Date is delayed or postponed pursuant to the 
Conditions, payment or settlement will occur on the later of (a) the scheduled Payment Date or 
Delivery Date as applicable, or (b) the Specified Number of Business Days following the latest 
Underlying Valuation Date (or such other date on which the determination of a price or level 
used to calculate the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable on the relevant Payment Date 
or Delivery Date is required) to occur, as the case may be. No additional amounts shall be 
payable or Entitlement deliverable by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if applicable) because of 
such postponement.

--- Page 74 ---
General Conditions 
73 
 
7. 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event 
7.1 
FX Disruption Event 
If the Issue Terms specifies 'FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', upon the occurrence of an 
FX Disruption Event, the Issuer may take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
deduct from any payments to be made in respect of the Products an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as representing a cost, expense, charge and/or deduction 
arising in connection with such FX Disruption Event or under any other adjustment 
with respect thereto; and/or 
(b) 
make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions in the 
Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(c) 
postpone or adjust any Underlying Valuation Date or the relevant Payment Date for 
any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions until, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, an FX Disruption Event is no longer subsisting; and/or 
(d) 
(in the case of a Price Source Disruption) specify and adopt: 
(i) 
an appropriate alternative fallback or alternative price or rate source or method 
of determination selected by the Calculation Agent (which may (or may not) 
be by reference to a Dealer Poll or such other publication page or service as 
may replace the relevant page or service for the purpose of displaying a 
foreign exchange rate comparable or equivalent); or 
(ii) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may be; 
and/or 
(e) 
determine whether any other appropriate adjustment can be made to the Conditions 
and/or any other provisions relating to the Products to account for the economic effect 
of such FX Disruption Event on the Products which would produce a commercially 
reasonable result and preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a 
holding of the relevant Product. If the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate 
adjustment or adjustments can be made, the Issuer shall determine the effective date of 
such adjustment(s), notify the Investors of such adjustment(s) and take the necessary 
steps to effect such adjustment(s). An Investor will not be charged any costs by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to make such adjustment(s), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that no action that could be made 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) above would produce a commercially reasonable result and 
preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a holding of the relevant Product, 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such determination. In such event, the Issuer may, 
on giving irrevocable notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all of the Products of the relevant Series on the Unscheduled Early Redemption Date 
and pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on such date (provided that the Issuer may also, prior 
to such redemption of the Products, make any adjustment(s) to the Conditions or any other 
provisions relating to the Products as appropriate in order to (when considered together with the 
redemption of the Products) account for the effect of such FX Disruption Event on the Products). 
Upon the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Investors, stating the occurrence of the FX Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
7.2 
CNY FX Disruption Event 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 'CNY FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', then the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than five days' and not more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices) to Investors prior to the relevant affected

--- Page 75 ---
General Conditions 
74 
 
Payment Date, make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions 
in the Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent, on the relevant affected 
Payment Date in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such amounts.  
8. 
Indicative Amounts 
If the Final Terms provides that the Products are being offered by way of a Public Offer, the 
Final Terms may specify an indicative amount, subject to a minimum amount and/or a maximum 
amount, or any combination of the foregoing, as applicable, in relation to any Specified Product 
Value which is not fixed or determined at the commencement of the Offer Period. If so specified 
in the Final Terms, references in these Conditions to such Specified Product Value shall be 
construed as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) determined based 
on market conditions by the Issuer on or around the end of the Offer Period, and is expected to 
be the indicative amount specified in the Final Terms (if so specified) but may be different from 
such indicative amount, and:  
(a) 
if a minimum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will 
not be less than such minimum amount (but may be equal to such minimum amount); 
or 
(b) 
if a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will 
not be more than such maximum amount (but may be equal to such maximum amount); 
or 
(c) 
if both a minimum amount and a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the 
Specified Product Value will not be less than such minimum amount and will not be 
more than such maximum amount (but may be equal to either such minimum amount 
or such maximum amount). 
Notice of the relevant Specified Product Value will be published prior to the Issue Date 
when such Specified Product Value is fixed or determined by the Issuer on or around 
the end of the Offer Period and the relevant amount, level, percentage, price, rate or 
value specified in such notice will be deemed to be the Specified Product Value. 
For these purposes, "Specified Product Value" means any amount, level, percentage, 
price, rate or value which is specified in the Conditions as the amount, level, 
percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) to be provided in the Final Terms (or 
phrases of similar import). 
9. 
Effect of Adjustments 
All determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Investors, the Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor, except 
in the case of manifest error. 
10. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an "Event of Default") and unless 
the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or the Guarantor or waived by the 
Investors prior to receipt by the Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of a notice from 
Investors as referred to below, an Investor, may give notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent 
that such Product is, and in all cases such Product shall immediately become, due and payable 
at, in respect of each Calculation Amount for such Product, the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount:  
(a) 
the Issuer, and failing whom, the Guarantor, does not pay any amount in respect of the 
Products when such amount is due and payable and such failure continues for 30 
calendar days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement on the due date for delivery and such failure 
to deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar days of notice of such failure

--- Page 76 ---
General Conditions 
75 
 
having been given to the Issuer by any Investor, provided that an Event of Default shall 
not occur under this General Condition 10 if (i) any of the conditions to settlement to 
be satisfied by the Investor have not been so satisfied as at the due date for delivery or 
(ii) the Issuer (or the Guarantor) has elected to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount; 
or 
(c) 
the Issuer breaches any term and condition of the Products in a way that is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Investors, and that breach has not been remedied 
within 30 calendar days of the Issuer having received notice thereof from Investors 
holding at least one-quarter in outstanding nominal amount or number, as the case may 
be, of the relevant Series demanding remedy; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation). 
For the purposes of calculating any Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount at any 
time following an Event of Default, the Calculation Agent will ignore the effect of such 
Event of Default upon the market value of the Products. 
11. 
Early termination following a Service Provider Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Service Provider Default Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16.1  ( Notices  - To Investors), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and 
cause to be paid to each Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16.1  ( Notices  - To Investors). 
12. 
Agents 
12.1 
Appointment of Agents 
Pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. 
The Agents do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Investor. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Agents and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that (subject to the final 
paragraph of this General Condition 12.1) the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times 
maintain:  
(a) 
a Paying Agent;  
(b) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these General Conditions so require; and 
(c) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Products 
may be listed. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes to the specified office of 
any Agent will be given to Investors. 
The Agency Agreement has only been entered into in respect of SIX SIS Securities. 
The Issuer shall not issue any Euroclear/Clearstream Securities until such time as it has 
duly appointed all applicable Agents. 
12.2 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified, all determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and 
calculations in the Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent. In respect of each such 
determination, consideration, decision, election and calculation, this General Condition 12.2 
shall apply.

--- Page 77 ---
General Conditions 
76 
 
In making such determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and calculations, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the impact on the Issuer or Calculation Agent's hedging 
arrangements. In respect of all Products other than SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the 
Calculation Agent shall make such determinations and calculations in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such 
determinations and calculations shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agent and the Investors. In respect of all SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the 
Calculation Agent shall make such determinations and calculations in accordance with the 
standard of duly exercised discretion, and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such 
determinations and calculations shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agent and the Investors. 
12.3 
Calculations and determinations are all binding 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products 
shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and Investors in the absence of manifest 
error. 
12.4 
Disclaimer of liability 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any 
calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it 
has acted in accordance with General Condition 12.2 (Determinations by the Calculation 
Agent).  
12.5 
Delegation 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to 
make determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person 
as the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion, may decide. 
12.6 
Disclaimer of responsibility of Issuer, Guarantor, Lead Manager, Agents and respective 
affiliates upon force majeure event 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates shall be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any legal enactment 
(domestic or foreign), the intervention of a public authority (domestic or foreign), an act of war, 
strike, blockade, boycott or lockout or if the performance of any obligations under the terms of 
the Products have become unlawful in whole or in part under any applicable law or any other 
similar event or circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and 
lockouts shall also apply if any of such parties itself takes such measures or becomes the subject 
of such measures. Where the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Paying Agent is 
prevented from effecting payment or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be 
postponed until the time the event or circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have 
no obligation to pay or deliver any additional amounts in respect of such postponement.  
13. 
Taxation 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay amounts in respect 
of, any Taxes borne by an Investor. An Investor must pay all Taxes arising from or payable in 
connection with all payments relating to the Products and all payments in respect of the Products 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future 
Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Issuer 
Jurisdiction (or any authority or political subdivision thereof or therein having power to tax) 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or in connection with FATCA.  
In that event, the appropriate withholding or deduction shall be made and the Issuer or Guarantor 
shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable 
by the relevant Investor shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable by 
such Investor in the absence of such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding the above, no 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Product:

--- Page 78 ---
General Conditions 
77 
 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who is liable for such Taxes in respect 
of such Products by reason of them having a connection with the Issuer Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of the relevant Product or Coupon; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who could lawfully avoid (but has not 
so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third 
party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any 
third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Product or Coupon is presented for 
payment; 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to 
the extent that the Investor would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting such Product for such payment on the last day of such 30-day period; 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required by the rules of the US Internal 
Revenue Code 1986 (the "Code"), including without limitation, in respect of dividends, 
dividend equivalent payments (including without limitation under section 871(m) of 
the Code), and direct and indirect interests in US real property within the meaning of 
section 897(c) of the Code; 
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is made in connection with FATCA; 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(g) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of an Investor who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Product or Coupon to 
another paying agent without such deduction or withholding; or 
(h) 
in relation to Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, unless it is proved, to the 
satisfaction of the Paying Agent that the Investor is unable to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by satisfying any applicable certification, identification or reporting 
requirements or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemptions to the relevant tax authorities. 
14. 
Prescription  
Claims for payment of principal shall become void unless made within ten years and claims for 
interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability 
If the Issuer determines in good faith and in a reasonable manner that the performance of any of 
its absolute or contingent obligations under the Products has become, or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will become, unlawful or a physical impracticability, in whole or in part, as a 
result of (a) any change in financial, political or economic conditions or foreign exchange rates 
or (b) compliance in good faith by the Issuer or any relevant subsidiaries or Affiliates with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power or in interpretation thereof, the 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate the Products by giving notice to Investors. 
If the Issuer redeems the Products pursuant to this General Condition 15, then the Issuer will, if 
and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product 
held by it, an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 79 ---
General Conditions 
78 
 
16. 
Notices 
16.1 
To Investors 
All notices to Investors will be deemed to have been duly given and valid (a) if published on the 
Notice Website or any successor webpage thereto and any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day of publication on the website; (b) if given in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Relevant Stock Exchange (if applicable) or other relevant authority and 
any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the first date of transmission or 
publication; and/or (c) if given to the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable) and any such 
notice will be deemed given on the first date following the day of transmission to the applicable 
Relevant Clearing System.  
Failure to give notice where required will not invalidate any determination, calculation or 
correction, as applicable. 
Investors of the Products shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to holders of Products. 
16.2 
To the Issuer and the Agents 
In respect of any Series, all notices to the Issuer and/or the Agents must be sent to the address 
specified for such entity in this Base Prospectus or to such other person or place as shall be 
specified by the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent by notice given to Investors. Any notice 
determined not to be valid, effective, complete and in proper form shall be null and void unless 
the Issuer and the Relevant Clearing System agree otherwise. This provision shall not prejudice 
any right of the person delivering the notice to deliver a new or corrected notice. The Issuer or 
the Paying Agent shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to notify any Investor submitting 
a notice if it is determined that such notice is not valid, effective, complete or in the proper form. 
17. 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, with the consent of the Guarantor but without the consent 
of the Investors, to substitute any other entity, the identity of which shall be determined by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, to act as issuer in respect of Products then outstanding pursuant to the 
Programme (the "New Issuer"), provided that: 
(a) 
no Event of Default as set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall occur 
as a result thereof.  
(b) 
the New Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally assumes all obligations of the Issuer 
arising from or in connection with the Products; 
(c) 
the Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Investor resulting from the 
substitution of the Issuer by the New Issuer; 
(d) 
where the New Issuer is not the Guarantor, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees all obligations of the New Issuer arising from the Products to 
the benefit of the Investors; and 
(e) 
all actions, conditions and steps which have to be initiated, fulfilled and performed 
(including obtaining any necessary consent) to ensure that the Products represent 
lawful, effective and binding obligations of the New Issuer have been initiated, fulfilled 
and performed and are, without limitation, legally valid and effective; 
in each case subject to any additional requirements as may be applicable pursuant to the rules 
of any Relevant Stock Exchange. 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
construed as a reference to the New Issuer. In connection with such right of substitution, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of such right for

--- Page 80 ---
General Conditions 
79 
 
individual Investors resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no 
Investor shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the New Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon such Investor. 
Any such substitution shall take effect upon giving notice to the Investors of each Series then 
outstanding and any Relevant Stock Exchange and the Paying Agent. 
18. 
Modifications  
18.1 
Modifications without consent of Investors 
The Conditions of the Products of any Series may be amended by the Issuer in each case without 
the consent of the Investors if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, the amendment (a) is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature, (b) is made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, 
(c) is made to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the Issuer Jurisdiction, and/or in 
order to comply with the amendments to any applicable laws and regulations, (d) is made to 
cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or (e) will not 
materially and adversely affect the interests of the Investors. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Investors and any such modification shall take effect by notice to the Investors. 
18.2 
Further Issues  
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Investors, to create 
and issue further Products so as to form a single Series with the Products of any particular Series 
(such further Products, "Fungible Products"). 
19. 
Purchases and Cancellations  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Products 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
All Products so purchased may be held, surrendered for cancellation, or reissued or resold, and 
Products so reissued or resold shall for all purposes be deemed to form part of the original Series, 
all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
20. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
20.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
Governing law in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities 
The Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities), the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law or Swiss law as set out in the Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Governing law in relation to SIX SIS Securities 
In the case of SIX SIS Securities, the Products, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Agency 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Swiss law. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Jurisdiction in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities) 
and/or Coupons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be brought in such courts. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction in relation to SIX SIS Securities

--- Page 81 ---
General Conditions 
80 
 
The ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being Zurich, are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any SIX 
SIS Securities, Coupons, the Agency Agreement and/or the Guarantee and, 
accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them 
shall be brought in such courts, with the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Court in 
Lausanne where the law permits. The aforementioned courts shall also have 
jurisdiction for the cancellation and replacement of lost, stolen, defaced, mutilated or 
destroyed SIX SIS Securities if issued in form of a permanent global certificate. 
General Condition 16 (Notices) is not applicable to SIX SIS Securities. 
21. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
In respect of any Products which are governed by English law, no person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of the Products under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
22. 
Severability 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
23. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
23.1 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Accountholder" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3(a) (Title to 
Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 6.2(b) (Settlement 
Disruption Event). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity, directly or indirectly, under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes, 'control' means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Agency Agreement" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 
(Introduction). 
"Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any 'Additional Agents' specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Business Centre" means each centre specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Business Day" means a day which is each of: 
(a) 
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre specified in 
the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of Cleared Products, a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant 
Clearing System; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (if other than any Business 
Centre); and

--- Page 82 ---
General Conditions 
81 
 
(d) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day. 
"Business Day Convention" means any of the conventions specified in General Condition 4.4 
(Business Day Convention). 
"Calculation Agent" means Leonteq Securities AG, acting in such capacity, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means, in respect of a Series, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Calculation Amount in respect of each Product of such Series shall be reduced by the Partial 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) 
in accordance with General Condition 6.1(a) (Partial Redemption).  
"Certificates" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and 
such Products will be specified to be 'Certificates' in the Issue Terms).  
"Cleared Products" means any Products that are SIX SIS Securities or Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities cleared through a Relevant Clearing System (and each a 
"Cleared Product"). 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Relevant Clearing System, any day on 
which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking S.A., or any successor thereto. 
"Clearstream Rules" means the Management Regulations of Clearstream and the Instructions 
to Participants of Clearstream, as may be from time to time amended, supplemented or modified. 
"CNY" means Chinese Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(including any lawful successor to the CNY). 
"CNY FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(a) 
"CNY Inconvertibility Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical for 
the Issuer to convert any amounts in CNY due in respect of the Products in the general 
CNY foreign exchange market in the CNY Financial Centre, other than where such 
impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or 
impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); 
(b) 
"CNY Non-Transferability Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical 
for the Issuer to deliver CNY (i) between accounts inside the CNY Financial Centre or 
(ii) from an account inside the CNY Financial Centre to an account outside the CNY 
Financial Centre, other than where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to 
the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade 
Date and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
(c) 
"CNY Illiquidity Event": The general CNY foreign exchange market in the CNY 
Financial Centre becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain 
sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its payment obligations (in whole or in part) under 
the Products, 
where: 
 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, that 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) would incur a materially increased amount of

--- Page 83 ---
General Conditions 
82 
 
taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date and determined by the Calculation Agent) to perform the relevant action described 
in this definition; and 
 
"impossible", in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, shall include (but shall not be 
limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation. 
"CNY Financial Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of the People's Republic of China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region and any other CNY Financial Centre. 
"Code" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 13 (Taxation). 
"Common Depositary" means, in relation to a particular Series, whether listed on any Relevant 
Stock Exchange or elsewhere, the common depositary (who shall be outside the United 
Kingdom and the United States (and the possessions of the United States)) appointed with 
respect to such Series. 
"Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these 
General Conditions.  
"Cooperation Agreement" means the agreement entered into by the Issuer with Leonteq 
Securities AG and its Guernsey Branch relating to the issuance, maintenance and redemption of 
Products issued by the Issuer and pursuant to which the Service Provider provides, amongst 
others, hedging services, accounting and risk management as well as documentation, listing, 
settlement and other processes relating to the issuance and redemption of Products.  
"Coupons" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 5.1 (Payments and 
Deliveries in respect of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities). 
"Custody Bank" means, in relation to a payment denominated in a particular currency, a bank 
in the principal financial centre for such currency or, where the relevant payment is denominated 
in euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
"Dealer Poll" means, in respect of any time on any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate for the relevant currency 
exchange rate, at the applicable time on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two 
quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer 
than two quotations are provided for any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean 
of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected by the Calculation 
Agent, at or around the applicable time on such relevant day. 
"Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Delivery Entitlement Instruction" means, with respect to Products which are to be settled by 
delivery of an Entitlement, a notice delivered by the relevant Investor in respect of such 
Entitlement in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" each means the lawful single currency of the Member States of the 
European Union that have adopted or adopt and continue to retain a common single currency

--- Page 84 ---
General Conditions 
83 
 
through monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time 
to time).  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any successor thereto. 
"Euroclear Rules" means the terms and conditions governing the use of Euroclear and the 
operating procedures of Euroclear, as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to 
time. 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 
2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities)). 
"Event of Default" means each of the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of 
Default). 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security, a calendar day 
falling not less than 60 calendar days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Paying 
Agent is located and (if applicable) in the city in which the Relevant Clearing System is located.  
"Exchange Event" means (a) the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so or (b) the Issuer has 
failed to make any payment of principal or delivered any Entitlement when due under the 
Conditions. 
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations 
or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the 
Code, or any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Code or any other non-U.S. tax information reporting regimes. 
"Final Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"FISA" means the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
"Currency Replacement Event": The Settlement Currency ceases to exist and is 
replaced by a new currency in the relevant jurisdiction; 
(b) 
"Dual Exchange Rate": A relevant exchange rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates;  
(c) 
"Governmental Authority Event": a Governmental Authority of a relevant 
jurisdiction has given public notice of its intention to impose any controls which are 
likely to materially affect the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent's ability to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Products or to unwind any such hedge; 
(d) 
"Illiquidity": It is or becomes or is likely to become impossible or impracticable for 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to obtain any Settlement Currency or obtain or use 
a relevant exchange rate in an appropriate amount;  
(e) 
"Inconvertibility": The occurrence of any event that makes it or is likely to make it 
impossible and/or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to convert the 
Settlement Currency into another currency (or vice versa) through customary legal 
channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect 
of hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs 
or discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation 
of one currency into another currency);

--- Page 85 ---
General Conditions 
84 
 
(f) 
"Non-Transferability": The occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant 
jurisdiction that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or impracticable for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to deliver any Settlement Currency into a relevant 
account; and/or 
(g) 
"Price Source Disruption": a Price Source Disruption. 
"General Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph 
of the General Conditions. 
"Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 2.1(a) (Form of Products (other than SIX SIS Securities))).  
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of a relevant jurisdiction. 
"Guarantor" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction). 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock 
loan transactions, or (c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer, 
Guarantor and/or Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates in order to hedge individually, or 
on a portfolio basis, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Products.  
"Intermediated Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(b) 
(Form of SIX SIS Securities). 
"Investor" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3 (Title). 
"Issue Date" means the issue date as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Size" means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount (or, in the case of Notional 
Certificates, the aggregate Notional Amount) of the Products of the relevant Tranche (or, if 
applicable, Series) being issued as specified in the Issue Terms and on any date thereafter such 
amount as reduced by any partial redemption on or prior to such date.  
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"Issuer" means EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. 
"Issuer Jurisdiction" means, at any time, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or any 
New Issuer substituted therefor in accordance with General Condition 17 (Substitution). 
"Lead Manager" means Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich or such other entity specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Tradable Lot" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 17 (Substitution).  
"Notes" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and such 
Products will be specified to be 'Notes' in the Issue Terms).  
"Notice Website" means the website specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Notional Amount" means, in respect of Notional Certificates, the amount specified as such in 
the Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Notional Amount in respect of each such Notional Certificate shall be reduced by the Partial

--- Page 86 ---
General Conditions 
85 
 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) 
in accordance with General Condition. 
"Offer Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Partial Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Partial Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date in the Issue Terms. 
"Partial Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms).  
"Partial Redemption Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Partial Redemption' 
is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Paying Agent" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction). 
"Payment Date" means a day on which a payment is due in respect of the Products. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or impracticable to obtain any 
relevant currency exchange rate on or in respect of any date on which such currency exchange 
rate is required under the Conditions (or, if different, the day on which rates for such date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant pricing source(s)). 
"Pricing Supplement" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph 
of the General Conditions. 
"Product" or "Products" means any Note or Certificate which may from time to time be issued 
pursuant to the Programme in accordance with the terms of this Base Prospectus. Unless the 
context otherwise requires, any reference to 'Product' shall be deemed to refer to a Note having 
a nominal amount equal to the relevant Specified Denomination, a Notional Certificate having 
a nominal amount equal to the relevant Notional Amount or to a single Unit Certificate. 
"Programme" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these 
General Conditions. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of a currency exchange rate, four leading dealers in the 
relevant foreign exchange market, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions (if applicable). 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Clearstream, SIS and/or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, and any other 'Relevant Clearing System' specified in the Issue Terms, through 
which interests in Products are to be held and/or through an account at which such Products are 
to be cleared. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Product or Coupon, the date on which payment or 
delivery in respect of it first becomes due (or would have first become due if all conditions to 
settlement had been satisfied) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date five calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Investors that, upon 
further presentation of the Product or Coupon being made in accordance with these General 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Rules" means the Clearstream Rules, the Euroclear Rules, the SIS Rules and/or the 
terms and conditions and any procedures governing the use of such other Relevant Clearing 
System, as updated from time to time, relating to a particular issue of Products, as applicable.

--- Page 87 ---
General Conditions 
86 
 
"Relevant Settlement Day" means a Clearing System Business Day and a Scheduled Trading 
Day (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means, in respect of any Series, the stock exchange upon which 
such Products are listed (if any), as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Series" means the Products of each original issue together with any relevant Fungible Products. 
"Service Provider" means Leonteq Securities AG or its Guernsey Branch or any other entity 
appointed as service provider to the Issuer pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. 
"Service Provider Default Event" means (and a Service Provider Default Event shall be 
deemed to occur if) either (a) a notice of termination or actual termination by the Service 
Provider or any of its affiliates has been delivered to the Issuer and/or (b) the Service Provider 
or any of its affiliates has defaulted in the performance or observance of any of its material 
obligations under the Cooperation Agreement. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Settlement Disruption Amount" means, in respect of each Product, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the pro rata proportion of the market value of such Product on or 
about the Settlement Disruption Date (which shall take into account where some but not all of 
the Underlyings comprising the Entitlement have been duly delivered pursuant to General 
Condition 6.2 (Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement) and the value of such Underlyings). 
Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the 
Products, 
provided that, if the Issue Terms specifies 'Unwind Costs' to be 'Not Applicable', the Calculation 
Agent shall not take into account deductions for any costs, charges, fees, accruals, losses, 
withholdings and expenses, which are incurred by the Issuer or its Affiliates relating to the 
unwinding of any Hedge Positions and/or related funding arrangements, when determining such 
market value. 
"Settlement Disruption Date" means the fifth Relevant Settlement Day following the date of 
the notice of the relevant election to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or such other date 
as may be specified in the relevant notice. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, that an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred as a result of which the Issuer cannot make 
or procure delivery of the relevant Underlying(s). 
"Settlement Expenses" means, in respect of any Product or Products, if the Issue Terms 
specifies 'Settlement Expenses' to be 'Applicable', any costs, fees and expenses or other amounts 
(other than in relation to Taxes) payable by an Investor per Calculation Amount on or in respect 
of or in connection with the redemption or settlement of such Product or Products by way of 
delivery of any Entitlement.

--- Page 88 ---
General Conditions 
87 
 
"SIS" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(b) (Form of SIX SIS 
Securities). 
"SIS Rules" means the rules and regulations, manuals and operating procedures as well as any 
agreements between the Issuer and SIS governing the use of SIS, as may be amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time. 
"SIX SIS Securities" means Products in respect of which the Issue Terms specifies the 
'Governing law' to be Swiss law. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Denomination" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Number of Business Days" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, 
three Business Days.  
"Specified Product Value" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 8 
(Indicative Amounts). 
"Specified Sub-Unit" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007 ('TARGET2') (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such 
other system (if any) determined by the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
"Taxes" or "Tax" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of 
taxation or any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited 
to) any applicable stock exchange tax, turnover tax, financial transaction tax, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, charge on income, profits or capital gains and/or other taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature chargeable or payable and includes 
any interest and penalties in respect thereof. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction).  
"Transfer Documentation" means, for each Series, such documentation as is generally 
acceptable for settlement of the transfer of the relevant Underlying(s) on any Related Exchange 
or through the Relevant Clearing System. 
"Underlying" means each Share, Participation Certificate, Depositary Receipt, Index, 
Commodity, Currency Exchange Rate, Futures Contract, Fixed Rate Instrument, Derivative 
Instrument, ETF Share, Fund Unit and Reference Rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Specific Conditions" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Products linked to one or more shares ("Share Linked Products"), the Share Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
Products linked to one or more participation certificates (Genussscheine) 
("Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products"), the Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
Products linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Products"), the Index Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
Products linked to one or more Depositary Receipts ("Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products"), the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus);

--- Page 89 ---
General Conditions 
88 
 
(e) 
Products linked to one or more commodities ("Commodity Linked Products"), the 
Commodity Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(f) 
Products linked to one or more currency exchange rates ("Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products"), the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this 
Base Prospectus); 
(g) 
Products linked to one or more futures contracts ("Futures Contract Linked 
Products"), the Futures Contract Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus); 
(h) 
Products linked to one or more fixed rate instruments or derivative instruments ("Fixed 
Rate Instrument Linked Products" or "Derivative Instrument Linked Products"), 
the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions (as set out in 
this Base Prospectus); 
(i) 
Products linked to one or more exchange traded funds ("ETF Linked Products"), the 
ETF Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
Products linked to Funds ("Fund Linked Products"), the Fund Linked Conditions (as 
set out in this Base Prospectus); or 
(k) 
Products linked to a reference rate ("Reference Rate Linked Products"), the 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus).  
"Unit" for the purposes of General Condition 4.1 (Rounding), has the meaning given to such 
term in General Condition 4.1 (Rounding). 
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" means, on any day and in relation to the relevant 
event leading to early redemption of the Products, an amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency equal to the market value of such Product 
(in respect of such Calculation Amount) following the event triggering the early redemption 
(including the value of accrued interest (if applicable)) (the "Market Value"). Such amount 
shall be determined as soon as reasonably practicable following the event giving rise to the early 
redemption of the Products and by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products.  
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Date" means the date as specified in the notice given to 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 7 (FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX 
Disruption Event) or General Condition 15 (Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or 
Impracticability). 
"USD", "US$", "$" and "US Dollars" each means United States dollars. 
23.2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific

--- Page 90 ---
General Conditions 
89 
 
Conditions or the Issue Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Products of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Words importing the plural shall include the singular and vice versa, unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
(c) 
A reference to a 'person' in the Conditions includes any person, firm, company, 
corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust or 
partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality) of two or more of the 
foregoing. 
(d) 
A reference in the Conditions to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as 
amended or re-enacted. 
References in the Conditions to a company or entity shall be deemed to include a 
reference to any successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
These payout conditions (the "Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Products provided that each 
paragraph shall only apply where specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
1. 
Coupon Provisons 
1.1 
No Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products; 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount reflecting a coupon accruing 
from the Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
1.2 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specific Coupon 
Style Coupon Amount, Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below), the Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions (paragraph (iv) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Specific Coupon Style Coupon Amount 
If 'Specific Coupon Style Coupon Amount' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon 
Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is 
the relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF; 
(B) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];  or 
(C) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Issue Terms, 
the Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [∑LF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling 
in the Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Payment Date in the Issue Terms and:

--- Page 92 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
91 
 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Coupon 
Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of Coupon 
Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period specified in 
respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(D) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Leverage Products' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date 
falling prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; Coupon Fixing Level −High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
] 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of 
the definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be 
a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Period 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.

--- Page 93 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
92 
 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is 
the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF. 
(B) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in 
respect of each of the definitions required for such Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or any Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date scheduled 
to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final 
Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable in respect of the Products. 
1.3 
Definitions for Coupon Amounts 
"Calculated Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate i x 
n
N 
Where: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i" 
relating to Coupon Observation Period "i";

--- Page 94 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
93 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date and corresponding Coupon Observation Period; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of Exchange Business Days in 
the Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date on which a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the total number of Exchange Business Days 
during the Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2 of 
these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.2(ii) of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the coupon amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of these 
Coupon Conditions.  
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date

--- Page 95 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
94 
 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; 
or 
(iii) 
where in respect of Steepener Products 'Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is specified to be 'Common 
Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2;  
(iv) 
where in respect of Steepener Products 'Underlying Valuation Dates - 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual 
Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying; or  
(v) 
where in respect of Steepener Products "Common Observation" is specified 
in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, each day 
falling in the relevant Coupon Observation Period for such Coupon Payment 
Date which is (i) a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; and (ii) not a Disrupted Day for either Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Coupon 
Observation Period (as applicable) or othwerise, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date"), the period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon 
Payment Date (or if the Relevant Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Issue 
Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon 
Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the relevant Coupon Payment Date after all 
adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions, 
or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) 
the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, disregarding any 
adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 96 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
95 
 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each per annum rate or 
percentage (as applicable) specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such per annum rate or 
percentage (as applicable) is specified to be indicative, such per annum rate or percentage (as 
applicable)  as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the Spread in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date.  
"Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'Coupon Accrual', 
'DCF Accrual', 'Single Observation', 'Daily Average Accrual' or 'Leverage Products'. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying if 'Product Direction' is specified 
as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying if 'Product Direction' is specified 
as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 97 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
96 
 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or 
(e) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings if 'Product Direction' is 
specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or 
(f) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings if 'Product Direction' is 
specified to as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount" means, if 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' 
are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.2(iii) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.2(iii) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 98 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
97 
 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Period (and a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period if), one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period AND (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date AND either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period AND either (A) below or (B) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Upper Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Issue Terms and: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 99 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
98 
 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period divided 
by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 100 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
99 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(iv)(A) or 1.2(iv)(B) (as applicable) of 
these Payout Conditions, 
Provided that if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be multiplied by FX Performance. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.2(iv) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"High Watermark Level" means, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Dates' in the Issue Terms, the higher of (1) the highest observed High 
Watermark Fixing Level of all previous High Watermark Observation Dates and (2) 
the Strike Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Periods' in the Issue Terms, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing 
Level on any High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark 
Observation Period. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and 
a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the 
Issue Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates shall be referred to in the Issue Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 'i' 
is a number from 1 (one) up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or

--- Page 101 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
100 
 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero;  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date; and 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level.  
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formulae: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
IN EACH CASE PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, then the Specified Coupon Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the

--- Page 102 ---
Payout Conditions 
Coupon Provisons 
101 
 
amount determined in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by FX 
Performance. 
"Specific Coupon Style Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.2(i) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and 
a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
102 
 
2. 
Autocall Provisions 
2.1 
No Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products, Mini Future 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 14.1(vii)(A) or 14.1(viii)(A) below (as applicable) if a Stop Loss Event occurs in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, as described below. 
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products, such 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 16.1(i) below if 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, as described below.  
2.2 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or 
the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the 
final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts 
shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
2.3 
Definitions for Autocall Amounts 
"Autocall Basket Performance" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), either (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Date is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 104 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
103 
 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Date is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying, the Spread of the Spread 
Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) above or 
(ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) or Basket Dispersion (as 
applicable) on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) above or 
(2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) or Basket Dispersion (as 
applicable) on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall 
Observation Date are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall 
Observation Date are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Date; 
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) or Basket Dispersion (as

--- Page 105 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
104 
 
applicable) on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) or Basket Dispersion (as 
applicable) on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Period Observation Date or a Common Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable) and 
an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Period Observation Date or a Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable):

--- Page 106 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
105 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; 
or 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the 
next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of 
the following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (MERP; Autocall Basket Performance); or

--- Page 107 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
106 
 
(d) 
if 'Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage' is specified in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on 
which an Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which 
an Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an 
Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) and (as applicable) 
(a) 
an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of either (i) the Initial Fixing Level 
or (ii) the Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as 
applicable) in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms; or  
(b) 
a Spread Underlying, (i) an amount specified as such in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms or (ii) an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Spread Level of such Spread Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of a Product linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and an Autocall Observation Period, each day falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period that is an Autocall Period Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in 
such basket of Underlyings. 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"MERP" or "Minimum Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market

--- Page 108 ---
Payout Conditions 
Autocall Provisions 
107 
 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the Autocall Fixing Basket 
Level corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date in respect of which the Autocall Event 
occurred divided by (b) the Initial Fixing Basket Level.

--- Page 109 ---
Payout Conditions 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option 
108 
 
3. 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option 
This paragraph 3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which an 
Issuer Call Option and/or Investor’s Put Option is specified in the Issue Terms. 
3.1 
Issuer's Call Option (Fixed Term) 
If Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless the 
Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), if 
applicable, or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Products on 
any Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date at (i) the Redemption Amount or (ii) Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Amount, as specified in the Issue Terms, by giving notice 
to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices) following which the 
Products shall be redeemed on the respective Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Such notice (the "Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall be given (i) in 
case an Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period has been specified in the Issue Terms, 
not less than the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period prior to such Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise Date or (ii) in case the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period 
has been specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, on the Business Day immediately 
following the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date. The Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Notice shall specify the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in 
respect of which the Issuer intends to exercise or, respectively, has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) and shall designate a Final Fixing Date (if specified as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its 
applicable Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on which the Issuer gives notice 
of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), no such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance 
with 3.2 below. 
3.2 
Investor's Put Option (Fixed Term) 
If Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless the 
Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), if 
applicable, or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) in 
respect of such Security on any Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date by giving notice 
to the Paying Agent not less than the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period prior to 
such Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying Agent may 
approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date for such Products at (i) the Redemption 
Amount or (ii) Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Amount, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. Such notice (the "Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall specify 
the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which the Investor is 
exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its applicable 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), if applicable, prior to the day on which the Investor gives 
notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), no such Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed 
in accordance with (3.1) above. 
3.3 
Issuer's Call Option (Open Ended) 
If Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless the 
Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) or the 
Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may exercise 
its option to redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Products on any Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended)

--- Page 110 ---
Payout Conditions 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option 
109 
 
Notice Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice (the "Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice") shall specify the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) 
Exercise Date in respect of which the Issuer intends to exercise its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) and shall designate a Final Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor 
Put Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Issuer gives notice of the exercise of its 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended), no such Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) may be exercised 
in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with 3.4 below. 
3.4 
Investor's Put Option (Open Ended) 
If Investor Put Option (Open Ended)is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless 
the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) or the 
Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Investor exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) in respect of such 
Security on any Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date by giving notice to the Paying 
Agent not less than the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Notice Period prior to such Investor 
Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying Agent may approve, redeem 
such Products on the Redemption Date for such Products. Such notice (the "Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice") shall specify the Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) Exercise Date in respect of which the Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer 
Call Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Investor gives notice of the exercise of 
its Investor Put Option (Open Ended), no such Investor Put Option (Open Ended) may be 
exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with 3.3 
above. 
3.5 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option Definitions 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each Business Day falling after the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
each day specified as such in the in the Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if an Investor Put Option Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Issuer Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Issuer Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Amount" means the amount specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" means one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date or if the Final Fixing 
Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days 
following the latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
each day specified as such in the in the Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if an Investor Put Option Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Issuer Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Issuer Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date.

--- Page 111 ---
Payout Conditions 
Issuer’s Call Option and Investor’s Put Option 
110 
 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice Period" means the period specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest 
of such dates to occur. 
"Investor Put Option Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each Business Day falling after the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
each day specified as such in the in the Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if an Issuer Call Option Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Amount" means the amount specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" means one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date or if the Final Fixing 
Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days 
following the latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
each day specified as such in the in the Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if an Issuer Call Option Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Issue Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest 
of such dates to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 112 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
111 
 
4. 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
This paragraph 4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms. 
4.1 
Redemption Amount of Yield Enhancement Products with European Barrier 
This paragraph 4.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), or (vii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier  
This paragraph 4.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the 
amount determined in accordance with this paragraph 4.1(i)(A) or (B) (as 
applicable) multiplied by FX Performance.

--- Page 113 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
112 
 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 4.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Return' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 4.1(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Optimal Tracker 
This paragraph 4.1(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Optimal Tracker' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or

--- Page 114 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
113 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Highest Recorded Performance 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(v) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation 
This paragraph 4.1(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max ["0; Calculation Amount × " ("IP - Final Performance " )]; or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; Calculation Amount × (IP + (DPP × Final Performance))];  𝑜𝑟 
(3) 
if 'Protection Percentage' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max [CPP; (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vi) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 4.1(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 115 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
114 
 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; IP −Final Performance
IP −Strike Percentage ) ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vii) 
European Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 4.1(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier 
Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance − PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(vii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
4.2 
Redemption Amount of Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier 
This paragraph 4.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier  
This paragraph 4.2(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or

--- Page 116 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
115 
 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and 
(II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on 
the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance 
with this paragraph 4.2(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
American Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 4.2(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Return' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))]; or; 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.1(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
American Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 4.2(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 117 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
116 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 4.2(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iv) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation  
This paragraph 4.2(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.2(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 4.2(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 118 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
117 
 
Calculation Amount ×Max (0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentage ); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.2(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 4.2(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance −PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.2(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
4.3 
Redemption Amount of Yield Enhancement Products Without Barrier 
This paragraph 4.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Without Barrier 
This paragraph 4.3(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):

--- Page 119 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
118 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.3(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike 
This paragraph 4.3(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier (Inverse) 
with High Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentage ); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.3(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 4.3(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier with 
Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
119 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
"𝑀𝑎𝑥 " [0;  Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP 
× Final Return))] 
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 4.3(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
4.4 
Redemption Amount of Yield Enhancement Products with Stability Note 
This paragraph 4.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 4.4(i) or 4.4(ii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎(0; 𝑖𝑛[CP; X + LF × (Relevant SPL + Y)]);  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
4.5 
Yield Enhancement Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means each Product in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'American Barrier', 
'American Barrier with Return', 'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 
'American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk'. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue

--- Page 121 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
120 
 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), 
(D), (E), (F) or (G) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) 
below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either 
(1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Target Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) 
above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either 
(1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Target Level; or 
 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the 
Issue Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 122 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
121 
 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such 
Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such 
Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the 
Issue Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products for which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms, the Stability Performance Level is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stability Disruption Barrier 
Percentage on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
(such Barrier Event, a "Stability Disruption Barrier Event"). 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 123 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
122 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period.  
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or 
above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In 
Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount" means, if 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' 
are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.2(iii) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.2(iii) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable.  
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Period (and a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period if), one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period; or

--- Page 124 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
123 
 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period AND (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date AND either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period AND either (A) below or (B) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Upper Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means products in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'European Barrier', 
'European Barrier with Return', 'European Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 
'European Barrier with Downside Risk'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1

--- Page 125 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
124 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 126 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
125 
 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Final Return" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the 
relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
for Products linked to a single Underlying, in respect of such Underlying a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level(Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(c) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
 
"FRP" or "Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of any date, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
FX Rate (t)
FX Rate (Initial) 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at FX Rate Valuation Time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the 
same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such 
Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 127 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
126 
 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of 
such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published 
rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Recorded Performance" means, in respect of an Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
the highest Underlying Performance observed on any Optimal Tracker Observation Date.  
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date,

--- Page 128 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
127 
 
subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date and the basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least 
one Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred for all Underlyings. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 4.1(i) or 4.2(i) of these Payout 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 129 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
128 
 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, if the Final Fixing Level 
of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number 
of Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issuer Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or 
above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been 
either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings. 
"Optimal Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the price source, providing 
the relevant price of the FX Rate for such Underlying, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Relevant SPL" or "Relevant Stability Performance Level" means the Stability Performance 
Level in respect of the first Barrier Observation Date in respect of which a Stability Disruption 
Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, 
(ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In 
Barrier Level for such Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Event" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
"Barrier Event". 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 130 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
129 
 
"Stability Performance Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date (the "Relevant 
BOD") and an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(
Barrier Fixing Level
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level) −1 
Where:  
"Preceding Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Relevant BOD and an Underlying, 
the Barrier Fixing Level of such Underlying on the Barrier Observation Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant BOD (or, if the Relevant BOD is the first Barrier Observation Date, 
the Underlying Trading Day immediately preceding the Relevant BOD). 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, any of (a), (b) or 
(c) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms; 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(c) 
the Strike Basket Level. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) 
or (vi) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 131 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
130 
 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or 
(B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or 
(B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(v) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying of all Underlyings 
(excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level; or 
(vi) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or 
(B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level. 
"Target Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in 
the Issue Terms, 
(a) 
each Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Target One Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(b) 
the day(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Target One Event" means (and Target One Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), any 
of (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 132 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Yield Enhancement Products 
131 
 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier Level; 
or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target One 
Barrier Level; or 
(c) 
the Target One Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier 
Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date; or 
(d) 
the Target One Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target 
One Barrier Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date. 
"Target One Fixing Level" means, in respect a Target One Barrier Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Underlying" means, the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms or if no 
Underlying is specified, not applicable. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"X" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Y" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Yield Enhancement Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Return', 'European 
Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with Optimal Tracker', 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'European 
Barrier with Increased Downside Risk', 'American Barrier', 'American Barrier with Return', 
'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation', 'American 
Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'American Barrier with Increased Downside 
Risk', 'Without Barrier', 'Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike', 'Without Barrier with 
Downside Participation' or 'Stability Note'.  
"Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product" means Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'Without Barrier', 'Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike' or 'Without Barrier with Downside Participation'.

--- Page 133 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
132 
 
5. 
Redemption of Twin Win Products 
This paragraph 5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms. 
5.1 
Redemption Amount of Twin Win Products with European Barrier 
This paragraph 5.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 5.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier (Bullish)' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×(TWP − Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (I) 
or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or

--- Page 134 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
133 
 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 5.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier (Bearish)' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and:  
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance); CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below:  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined in accordance with (I) 
or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 135 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
134 
 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
5.2 
Redemption Amount of Twin Win Products with American Barrier 
This paragraph 5.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 5.2(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier (Bullish)' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II)  
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below:

--- Page 136 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
135 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or 
(II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms and: 
(I) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on 
its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in 
accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
American Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 5.2(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier (Bearish)' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount×(TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 137 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
136 
 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance);CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or 
(II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
5.3 
Twin Win Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"American Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'American Barrier (Bullish)' or 'American 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following (as specified 
in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 138 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
137 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below 
or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above 
or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below 
or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above 
or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective

--- Page 139 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
138 
 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'European Barrier (Bullish)' or 'European 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 140 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
139 
 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)

--- Page 141 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
140 
 
(iv) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 142 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
141 
 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Basket Level;  
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level;  
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing 
Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing 
Level. 
"Twin Win Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier (Bullish)', 'European Barrier (Bearish)', 'American Barrier 
(Bullish)' or 'American Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"TWP" or "Twin Win Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 143 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
142 
 
6. 
Redemption of Fixed Redemption Products 
This paragraph 6 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
6.1 
Redemption Amount of Fixed Redemption Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP 
6.2 
Fixed Redemption Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 144 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
143 
 
7. 
Redemption of Protection Products 
This paragraph 7 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms. 
7.1 
Redemption Amount of Protection Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
the applicable Protection Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) below (as 
applicable). 
(i) 
Protection with Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(ii) 
Protection with Twin Win Payout 
This paragraph 7.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin Win' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return (Inverse)); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 145 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
144 
 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iii) 
Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike Payout 
This paragraph 7.1(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin Win and 
Low Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Return (Inverse); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Performance 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iv) 
Protection with Barrier and Strike Event Payout 
This paragraph 7.1(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier and Strike 
Event' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 146 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
145 
 
Calculation Amount × CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(v) 
Protection with Barrier and Upside Participation 
This paragraph 7.1(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier and Upside 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable) 
(provided that each reference in paragraph (A) or (B) below to "CP" shall be construed 
as "Calculation Amount x CP"): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{[(CA ×  PP ×  Final Return)];  CP} or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA ×  Final Performance 
(vi) 
Protection without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.1(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection without Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 147 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
146 
 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below as applicable: 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(CA × CPP); or 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; or 
(3) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [(CA × CPP); (CA × FP)]; or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Max{Min[(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; (CA × FP)} 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Min{[(CA × CPP) +(CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA × CP)}; or 
(3) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max{[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA ×FP)}; or

--- Page 148 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
147 
 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Max{Min[((CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)); (CA ×CP)]; (CA × FP)} 
7.2 
Protection Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Barrier Basket Level" means in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms (and Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product), either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above 
or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period;  
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Event Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):

--- Page 149 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
148 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below 
or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the 
Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or 
(II) (y) above the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Upper Barrier Level; or 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the 
Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or 
(II) (y) above the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Upper Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(I) (y) below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its 
respective Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper 
Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Upper Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(I) (y) below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its 
respective Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper 
Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Upper Barrier Level; or

--- Page 150 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
149 
 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) (y) 
below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its 
respective Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper 
Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Upper Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for 
such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Event Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i";

--- Page 151 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
150 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 152 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
151 
 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1

--- Page 153 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
152 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Worst Performing Underlying, a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a Best Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 154 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
153 
 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant 
formula or text in the Issue Terms): 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
 
the Final Basket Return; or 
 
the Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms and if Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue 
Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant 
formula or text in the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 155 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
154 
 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), 
(D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating 
the relevant formula or text in the Issue Terms): 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or

--- Page 156 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
155 
 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
the Final Basket Return; or 
 
the Final Basket Return (Strike), 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if Final Return Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the percentage determined in accordance with (a), (b) or (c) (as applicable) of this 
definition of Final Return would be greater than the Final Return Cap Percentage, the Final 
Return will be deemed to be equal to the Final Return Cap Percentage. 
"Final Return (Inverse)" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Return Cap" will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Final Return Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent

--- Page 157 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
156 
 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Barrier Level" means the lower barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Product Direction" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 'Bullish', 'Bearish' or 'Absolute'. 
"Protection Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Protection with Barrier', 'Protection with Twin Win', 'Protection with Twin 
Win and Low Strike', 'Protection with Barrier and Strike Event' or 'Protection without Barrier'.

--- Page 158 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
157 
 
"Protection with Twin Win Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Protection 
Product Style' is specified to be either 'Protection with Twin Win' or 'Protection with Twin Win 
and Low Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
"RCP" or "Rebate Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level; or 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or

--- Page 159 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Protection Products 
158 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level;  
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Basket Level 
is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing 
Basket Level; 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Best Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Upper Barrier Level" means the upper barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 160 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
159 
 
8. 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
This paragraph 8 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms. 
8.1 
Redemption Amount of Bonus Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Bonus Product Style and paragraph (i), 
(ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (ix) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 8.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms. In 
respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 8.1(i)(A)(2) 
only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 8.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with Upside

--- Page 161 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
160 
 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):  
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)) 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 8.1(ii)(A)(2) 
only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 8.1(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with Downside 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which

--- Page 162 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
161 
 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
8.1(iii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; 1 + (DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) − 1))] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 8.1(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 163 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
162 
 
(v) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation 
This paragraph 8.1(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation' in the Issue 
Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × OPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Outperformance Upside Cap is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance 
(Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the 
Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this 
Payout Condition 8.1(v)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Outperformance Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(C) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(D) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' 
in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (x) delivery of (or 
procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date 
in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Normal 
Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout

--- Page 164 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
163 
 
Condition 8.1(v)(D)(1) only, the Final Performance shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 8.1(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
8.1(vi)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(vii) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation 
This paragraph 8.1(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such 
Products the Settlement Type shall be 'Cash Settlement' and the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and:

--- Page 165 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
164 
 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater 
than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 
8.1(vii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) 
− BP)); or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
is greater than the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of 
this Payout Condition 8.1(vii)(B)(2) only, the Final Performance shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage. 
(viii) 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 8.1(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' in 
the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issue shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as applicable);

--- Page 166 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
165 
 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(ix) 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap 
This paragraph 8.1(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside Cap 
and Downside Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance (Upside); CP] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined

--- Page 167 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
166 
 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance; CP] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date. 
(x) 
Bonus Outperformance with Lock-In 
This paragraph 8.1(x)of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'Bonus Outperformance with Lock-In' in 
the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance 
with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Bonus Level + PP x (Final Performance-Bonus Level), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the 
Final Performance (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Cap 
Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 8.1(x)(A)
(
2
)
 only, the Final 
Performance shall be deemed to be equal to the Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Level; or 
(2) 
if a Lock-In Event has not occurred , the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × Final Performance. 
8.2 
Bonus Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 168 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
167 
 
"American Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as either 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance 
Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation', 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' or 'American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'.  
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its respective Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable):

--- Page 169 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
168 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either 
(I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 170 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
169 
 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Bonus Event" means (and a Bonus Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Bonus Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) above or (2) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
respective Bonus Level; or 
 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) below or (2) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level. 
"Bonus Basket Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Bonus Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage

--- Page 171 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
170 
 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Bonus Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 'European 
Barrier with Downside Participation', 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap', 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation', 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation', 
'American Barrier with Bonus Cap', 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap' and 
'Bonus Outperformance with Lock-In'. 
"BP" means the Bonus Percentage. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of 
such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as either 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 
'European Barrier with Downside Participation' or 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;

--- Page 172 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
171 
 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level

--- Page 173 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
172 
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Downside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable):

--- Page 174 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
173 
 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Level
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable):

--- Page 175 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
174 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Leve (Best)l ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Upside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 176 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
175 
 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Fixing Level 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 177 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
176 
 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (a) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 178 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
177 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date and the basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least 
one Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred for all Underlyings.  
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"NPP" means the Normal Performance Participation Percentage. 
"Normal Performance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"OPP" means the Outperformance Participation Percentage.

--- Page 179 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
178 
 
"Outperformance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such 
Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Strike Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Strike Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level

--- Page 180 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Bonus Products 
179 
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" means the Upside Participation Percentage. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 181 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
180 
 
9. 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 9 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms.  
9.1 
Redemption Amount of Reverse Convertible Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Reverse Convertible Product Style and 
paragraph 9.1(i), 9.1(ii) or 9.1(iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying 
This paragraph 9.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is (x) in respect of Products for 
which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – At 
or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, below 
the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the 
Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or below the 
Strike Level of the Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (x) in respect of Products 
for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – 
At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, at or 
above the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for 
which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - 
Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, above 
the Strike Level of the Underlying, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(ii) 
Basket of Underlyings 
This paragraph 9.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Basket 
of Underlyings' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is (x) in respect 
of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue

--- Page 182 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
181 
 
Terms, below the Strike Level of such Underlying or (y) in respect of Products 
for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue 
Terms, at or below the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (x) in 
respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 
'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the 
Issue Terms, at or above the Strike Level of such Underlying or (y) in respect 
of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue 
Terms, above the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(iii) 
Spread Underlying 
This paragraph 9.1(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Spread Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
If the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is (x) in respect of Products 
for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – 
At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, below 
the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying or (y) in respect of Products 
for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue 
Terms, at or below the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Spread Level
Strike Spread Denominator ; or 
(B) 
if the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is either (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue 
Terms, at or above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying or (y) in 
respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified 
as 'Par Redemption – Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in 
the Issue Terms, above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the

--- Page 183 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
182 
 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount.  
9.2 
Reverse Convertible Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Final Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, the Spread in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date.  
"Initial Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, or (b) if none, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 1 −Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 2 
"Redemption Determination Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' or 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below'. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Reverse Convertible Product Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Single Underlying', 'Basket of Underlyings' or 'Spread Underlying'. 
"Spread" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and a Spread 
Underlying and its related Underlying 1 and Underlying 2, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Underlying" means the Spread calculated by reference to Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2 and specified as an Underlying in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level 
was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Spread Denominator" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Spread Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial

--- Page 184 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
183 
 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of 
such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount or 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying" has the meaning given to such term in the General Conditions, provided that the 
term "Underlying" shall be construed (where applicable) as including a Spread Underlying 
where specified as an Underlying in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing 
Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date 
and an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Autocall Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date; 
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(a) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 185 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
184 
 
10. 
Redemption of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 10 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue Terms. 
10.1 
Redemption Amount of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier 
This paragraph 10.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 10.1(i) or 10.1(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance 
with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(B) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' 
in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) delivery of (or 
procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date 
in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
10.2 
Redemption Amount of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier 
This paragraph 10.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 10.2(i) or 10.2(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product

--- Page 186 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
185 
 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
10.3 
Redemption Amount of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier and 
Participation 
This paragraph 10.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier and Participation' 
in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 10.3(i) or 10.3(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by either (1) or (2) 
below (as appliable) 
(A) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' 
in the Issue Terms, 
(1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2; or 
(2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date 
and 
(B) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0;  Final Performance]; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 187 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
186 
 
10.4 
Redemption Amount of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and 
Participation 
This paragraph 10.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier and Participation' 
in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 10.4(i) or 10.4(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and; 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by either (1) 
or (2) below (as appliable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms,  
(a) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2 and 
(b) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the 
Delivery Date; or  
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0;  Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) or; 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
10.5 
Redemption Amount of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with Leverage Downside  
This paragraph 10.5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue 
Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 10.5(i) or 10.5(ii) 
below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and:

--- Page 188 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
187 
 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; MRP −(Gearing × Leverage Final Performance)];  or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP;  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
(iii) 
Calculation Amount × MRP 
10.6 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue 
Terms: 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, 
a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'American Barrier' or 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue Terms, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period;

--- Page 189 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
188 
 
(ii) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period;  
(iii) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, 
a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'American Barrier', 'European 
Barrier and Participation', 'American Barrier and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside'. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of 
such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 190 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
189 
 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Long)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Short)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms) 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Underlying Performance (Long)–  Underlying Performance (Short);  or 
(iv) 
the Final Return; or

--- Page 191 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
190 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(iv) 
the Final Return (Worst). 
"Final Return" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
100% +
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Final Return (Worst)" means the Final Return of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking int account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i";

--- Page 192 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
191 
 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Long)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Short)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Leverage Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level−Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(ii) 
Strike Level (Worst)−Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date and the basket of Underlyings; or

--- Page 193 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
192 
 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least 
one Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred for all Underlyings.  
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In 
Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 10.4(i) or 10.4(ii) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Long Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier, if the Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier, either (i) or 
(ii) below (as specified in the Issuer Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier 
Number of Underlyings.

--- Page 194 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
193 
 
"MRP" or "Maximum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Short Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such 
Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) below 
or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Basket Level. 
"Strike Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 195 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Products 
194 
 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Performance (Long)" means, in respect of a Long Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Long) −Initial Fixing Level (Long)
Initial Fixing Level (Long)
 
"Underlying Performance (Short)" means, in respect of a Short Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Short)-Initial Fixing Level (Short)
Initial Fixing Level (Short)
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 196 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
195 
 
11. 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
This paragraph 11 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
11.1 
Tracker Product Redemption Style 
(a) 
Fixed Term 
Subject to early redemption pursuant to 3.1 or 3.2 (if applicable) or otherwise, each 
Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the Issue 
Terms will have a scheduled Final Fixing Date (subject to adjustment for Scheduled 
Trading Days and Disrupted Days) and a scheduled Redemption Date (subject to 
adjustment for Business Days) specified in the Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Open Ended 
Each Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended in the 
Issue Terms shall only be redeemed upon (a) the Issuer exercising its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 3.3 the Investor exercising its 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 3.4. Upon the 
exercise of either the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) or the Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended), the Final Fixing Date and the Redemption Date shall be determined in 
accordance with the respective definition thereof.  
11.2 
Redemption Amount of Tracker Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with the relevant Tracker Product 
Style and the corresponding paragraph from 11.2(i) to 11.2(xxv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × FFL 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Highest Lock- In Barrier Level ×
IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(ii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout

--- Page 197 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
196 
 
This paragraph 11.2(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × FFL]
+ Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(iii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]
; 
and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(iv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 198 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
197 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)]
+ Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)] + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(v) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL;  FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(vi) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 199 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
198 
 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level ×
IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(vii) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units) Payout  
This paragraph 11.2(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] −[AMF (Final)
−𝐴𝑃𝐹 (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]
× FX Rate (Final)] −AMF (Final) −𝐴𝑃𝐹 (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Dividend Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) W 
(Final). For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Dividend Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(viii) 
Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no 
FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 200 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
199 
 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level ×
IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as 
applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(ix) 
Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level] −AMF (Final) −APF (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] −AMF (Final) 
−APF (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Dividend Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above 
multiplied by (B) W (Final). For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Dividend 
Reinvestment' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the 
formula above. 
(x) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(x) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; FFL] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above.

--- Page 201 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
200 
 
(xi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; FFL]] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying High 
Watermark Redemption with with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; FFL] × 
 FX Rate(Final)] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if

--- Page 202 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
201 
 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiv) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xvi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units) Payout  
This paragraph 11.2(xvi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)]  
- AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xvii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends 
Payout

--- Page 203 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
202 
 
This paragraph 11.2(xvii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xviii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units) 
Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xviii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level]] - AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xix) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker)
× ∑[W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖
n
𝑖=1
+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖] 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i".

--- Page 204 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
203 
 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xx) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xx) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxi) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xxi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying;

--- Page 205 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
204 
 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxii) 
Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xxii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker)
× ∑(W (Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xxiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker)
× ∑[W (Initial) × Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖]𝑖

--- Page 206 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
205 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiv) 
Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 11.2(xxiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker)
× ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖 × FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxv) 
Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends Payout

--- Page 207 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
206 
 
This paragraph 11.2(xxv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
no FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(A) 
if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with 
the formula above. 
(xxvi) 
Single Underlying Smart 
This paragraph 11.2
(
xxvi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying Smart' in 
the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Final Strategy Level; 0]. 
(xxvii) Leverage Tracker Product 
This paragraph 11.2(xxvii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Leverage Tracker Product' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement 
Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max [0; (Calculation Amount + Financing Amount) × Final Return - Financing Amount].

--- Page 208 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
207 
 
11.3 
Tracker Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Actual Daysi" means the number of days between Initial Fixing Date (excluding) and Weight 
Trigger Date (i) (including) or, respectively from Weight Trigger Date (i-1) (excluding) to 
Weight Trigger Date (i) (including), determined in accordance with the Day Count Fraction. 
"AMF (Final)" means AMF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"AMF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued management fees in 
respect of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Product Value Style' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + [Value (t −1) × MF × Day Count (t)]; or 
(ii) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Calculation Amount Style' in the 
Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + (MF × Calculation Amount × Day Count (t)), 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in 
accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) AMF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date. 
"AMF (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, AMF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Accumulated Dividends" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of each Dividend Amount (FX) in respect of 
such Underlying and each Dividend Payment Day.  
"APF (Final) " means APF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"APF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued performance fees in respect 
of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
APF (t −1) + {PF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0;  Value (t −1) −Watermark (t −1)]}; or 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in 
accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) APF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date. 
"APF (t-1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, APF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t.

--- Page 209 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
208 
 
"Conversion Ratio (Tracker)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Day Count (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the number calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the total number of calendar days falling between such 
Scheduled Trading Day t and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day divided by (b) 
360. 
"Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Dividend Payment Day and an Underlying, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms, the total amount of net dividends 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a 
Hypothetical Investor would receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such 
Hypothetical Investor held a number of such Underlying equal in number to the W 
(Current) in respect of such Dividend Payment Day and such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' in the Issue Terms, the total amount of net dividends (rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a Hypothetical 
Investor would receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such Hypothetical Investor 
held a number of such Underlying equal in number to the W (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"Dividend Amount (FX)" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Payment Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Dividend Amount × FX Rate 
"Dividend Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such 
Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Dividend Payment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, either (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms, each calendar day falling in the period 
from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the 
day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days prior to Final Fixing Date for such Underlying; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' in the Issue Terms, each calendar day falling in the period from (but 
excluding) the Initial Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the Final 
Fixing Date for such Underlying. 
"Dividend Reinvestment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Scheduled Trading 
Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days after

--- Page 210 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
209 
 
the Initial Fixing Day for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Day for such 
Underlying.  
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' 
in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms 
or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' 
is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product 
for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), 
the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, 
then in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day specified 
as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, 
the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the 
Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if 'Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product for which 
the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as 
applicable), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the 
case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended 
in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice; or

--- Page 211 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
210 
 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the number of Scheduled Trading Days (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) following the day on which the Paying Agent has received 
the duly completed and signed Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice, 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with either 
paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) of this definition of Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i". 
"Final Return" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
100% +
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Final Strategy Level" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Weight (Initial) × Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
+ ∑(Weight (Additional)i × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖
+ 𝐴𝑐𝑡𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠𝑖
𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠× 𝑆𝑚𝑎𝑟𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒))
n
i=1
+ ((100% −Weight (Initial)) − ∑Weight (Additional)i
n
i=1
) × (100% + Smart Coupon Rate). 
"Financing Amount " means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying 
Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be 
deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such 
Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of 
such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers

--- Page 212 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
211 
 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published 
rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"Hedge Unwind Costs (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
any costs associated with the unwinding of any transaction(s) or asset(s) held by a Hedging 
Entity that the Calculation Agent deems are no longer required to hedge the risk of performing 
the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products exposure to such Underlying on Scheduled 
Trading Day t. 
"High Watermark Level" means, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing Level on any 
High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date 
and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor located in the same jurisdiction as the 
Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher 
Lock-In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as 
reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Issue Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraphs 11.2(i) to 11.2(ix)of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 213 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
212 
 
"MF" or "Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Management Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either Applicable or Not Applicable in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Management Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Management Fee) t 365
⁄
 
Where: 
"Management Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date. 
"Performance Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Performance Fee" or "PF" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source, providing the relevant price 
of the FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' 
in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the 
Issue Terms); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date as specified in 
the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
PROVIDED THAT if: 
 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), the Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Open Ended' 
in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended) , the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 214 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
213 
 
"Redemption Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: Fixed Term 
or Open Ended. 
"Related Dividend Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and Dividend Payment Day falling 5 
Business Days prior to such Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Smart Coupon Rate" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Total Days" means the number of days between Initial Fixing Date (excluding) and Final 
Fixing Date (including), determined in accordance with the Day Count Fraction. 
"Tracker Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the Tracker Fixing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t and such Underlying, 
provided that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the Tracker Fixing 
Level in respect of such day shall be the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into 
consideration all factors it considers appropriate (which may include, amongst other 
things, the last available published level); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such 
Underlying. 
"Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Payout Style' is specified to be 
'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single Underlying with Quanto FX 
and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units), 
Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units), Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no 
Dividends, Single Underlying Smart or Leverage Tracker. 
"Units (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Date, which shall be the number specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Units (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of such Underlying and 
the Final Fixing Date.

--- Page 215 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
214 
 
"Units (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, the units of such 
Underlying in respect of such day as calculated in accordance with one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, Units (Initial); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is not a Tracker 
Observation Date, Units (t-1); or 
(c) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is a Tracker 
Observation Date, the units for such Underlying shall be adjusted on such day in 
accordance with either (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)) ; or 
(ii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)) 
(iii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX (Notional Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)) ; or 
(iv) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)) 
PROVIDED THAT that, if two or more of the above are applicable then the amount in each of 
(i) or (ii) and (iii) or (iv) (as applicable) shall be deducted. 
"Units (t-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, Units (t) in 
respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Units Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) −Hedge Unwind Costs (t) 
"Value (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the

--- Page 216 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
215 
 
Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −AMF (t); or 
(b) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −AMF (t) 
(c) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −APF (t); or 
(d) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −APF (t) 
"Value (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, Value (t) in respect of the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Watermark (t - 1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the highest observed Value 
(t) on any Scheduled Trading Day from, and including, the Initial Fixing Date to, and including, 
the second Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that: 
(a) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date (as determined in (b) below); 
and 
(b) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Initial Fixing Level × (1 + Hurdle Rate)] 
Where "Hurdle Rate " means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"W (Current)" means, in respect of an Underlying and: 
(a) 
each Dividend Payment Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing 
Date to (and including) the day falling 5 Business Days after the Initial Fixing Date, W 
(Initial) in respect of such Underlying; and 
(b) 
each other day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of (a) W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying plus (b) W (Sum of Reinvested 
Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and such day. 
"W (Dividend Reinvestment Day)" means, in respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and an 
Underlying, the number (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of such Underlying the Hypothetical Investor could purchase with the Related 
Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day at the

--- Page 217 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Tracker Products 
216 
 
Dividend Fixing Level for such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Related Dividend Amount
Dividend Fixing Level
 
"W (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the sum of (a) W (Initial) plus (b) W (Final Sum of Reinvested 
Dividends). 
"W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the W (Sum of 
Reinvested Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"W (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying and any day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the W (Dividend 
Reinvestment Day) in respect of such Underlying and each Dividend Reinvestment Day falling 
on or prior to such day. 
"Weight (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Weight (Additional)" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Weight Trigger Leveli, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Weight Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Weight Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Weight Observation Period (and a Weight 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Weight Observation Period 
if), the Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day during such Weight Observation 
Period is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the respective 
Weight Trigger Level (i). 
"Weight Trigger Date (i) " means in respect of a Weight Observation Period and an 
Underlying, the Exchange Business Day on which the Weight Trigger Event has ooccured.  
"Weight Trigger Date (i-1) " means in respect of a Weight Observation Period and an 
Underlying, the immediately preceding Weight Trigger Date (i), if any.  
"Weight Trigger Level (i)" means in respect of a Weight Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying 
as specified in respect of such Weight Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 218 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Dual Currency Products 
217 
 
12. 
Redemption of Dual Currency Products 
This paragraph 12 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the 
Issue Terms. 
12.1 
Redemption Amount of Dual Currency Products with Upside in Investment Currency  
This paragraph 12.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Investment Currency' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 12.1(i) or 12.1(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN); or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)] × Strike Level 
12.2 
Redemption Amount of Dual Currency Products with Upside in Alternative Currency  
This paragraph 12.2 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Alternative Currency' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)]
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN) 
12.3 
Dual Currency Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Alternative Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 219 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Dual Currency Products 
218 
 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"DCFDCN" means the Day Count Fraction specified in the Issue Terms in respect of which the 
Calculation Period shall be the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding), 
the Redemption Date. 
"Dual Currency Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 'Upside in Investment Currency' or 'Upside in Alternative 
Currency'. 
"Investment Currency" means the investment currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (i) below, (ii) at or below (iii) above or (iv) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the currency exchange rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, being (if so specified 
in the Issue Terms) the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
a rate equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of 
the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a 
date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined.

--- Page 220 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Discount Products 
219 
 
13. 
Redemption of Discount Products 
This paragraph 13 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
13.1 
Redemption Amount of Discount Product 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(A) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount); or 
(B) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the 
Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Issuer redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which, 
(A) 
if 'Issue Price' is specified as a percentage in the Issue Terms, shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if 'Issue Price' is specified as an amount per Certificate in the Issue Terms, 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Cap Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount) 
PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the relevant 
cash amount determined in accordance with (i) or (ii) above (as applicable) converted 
into the Settlement Currency by multiplying such amount by FX Rate (Final). 
13.2 
Discount Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Cap Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Discount)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 221 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Discount Products 
220 
 
"Discount Products" means Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout Conditions. 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying and the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the FX Rate Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the 
Settlement Currency the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the price source, 
providing the relevant price of the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying, specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 19 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is below the Cap Level; or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is at or below the Cap Level.

--- Page 222 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
221 
 
14. 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
This paragraph 14 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
14.1 
Redemption Amount of Leverage Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the Leverage Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), 
(iv), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Call Warrant Products 
This paragraph 14.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying,  
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ration (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level -Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the 
formula in 1.1(b) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 1.1(b) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 223 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
222 
 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Basket Fixing Level -Strike Basket Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
 ; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Basket Fixing Level-Strike Basket Level); or 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst));or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Best)-Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level (Best) - Strike Level (Best)); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 1.1(f) 
above is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 1.1(f) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0).  
(ii) 
Call Warrant Products with Lock-In Feature 
This paragraph 14.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product with Lock-In Feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 224 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
223 
 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(1) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × PP × (𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level; Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing level] −Strike Level); 
(2) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CR (Warrant) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × IFL −Strike Level); (FFL −Strike Level)]; 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 14.1(ii)(A)(2) above 
is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the purposes of this 
paragraph 14.1(ii)(A)(2) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred and if: 
(1) 
a Lock-In Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level −Strike Level); 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × Initial Fixing Level −Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 1.1(b) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then 
for the purposes of this paragraph 1.1(b) only, the Redemption Amount 
shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount; OR, 
(2) 
a Lock-In Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0). 
(iii) 
Call Warrant Products with High Watermark Redemption 
This paragraph 14.1(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product with High 
Watermark Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Dates Type 1' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 225 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
224 
 
Calculation Amount × Max  [0; 
Final Fixing Level -High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
]; 
(B) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Dates Type 2' 
in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
Calculation Amount ×Max [0;
High Watermark Level -Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
]; 
(C) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Periods Type 
1' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × Max  [0; 
Final Fixing Level -High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
]; or 
(D) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Periods Type 
2' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max [0;
High Watermark Level -Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
]. 
(iv) 
Put Warrant Products 
This paragraph 14.1(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant Product' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −
Final Fixing Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 1.1(b) 
above is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 1.1(f) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Maximum Redemption Amount; or

--- Page 226 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
225 
 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Basket Level -Final Basket Fixing Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Basket Level-Final Basket Fixing Level) 
or; 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×
Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst))
; or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best))
; 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the

--- Page 227 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
226 
 
formula in 1.1(f) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 1.1(f) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0). 
(v) 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 14.1(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(I) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × ( Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level −Strike Percentage) ; or 
(II) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 
14.1(v)(A)(1)
 
or
 
(2) (as applicable) above is greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 14.1(v)(A)(1) 
or
 
(2) (as applicable) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vi) 
Put Knock-Out Warrant Products

--- Page 228 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
227 
 
This paragraph 14.1(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(I) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Percentage −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level) ; or 
(II) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 
14.1(vi)(A)(1) or (2) (as applicable) above is greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 14.1(vi)(A)(1) 
or (2) (as applicable) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Maximum Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
zero (0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vii) 
Bullish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 14.1(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini Future Product' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) below, the 
Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further 
below).

--- Page 229 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
228 
 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)
× 𝑀𝑥 (0; Unwind Liquidation Price
−Strike Level);  or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)
× (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(viii) 
Bearish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 14.1(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini Future Product' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) below the 
Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further 
below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)×Mx (0;Strike Level-Unwind Liquidation Price); or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)
× (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
(ix) 
Leverage Certificate Products

--- Page 230 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
229 
 
This paragraph 14.1(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Leverage 
Certificate Product' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the 
Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max [0;(CA+Financing Amount)× (SP+ FFL-IFL
IFL
) -(Financing Amount×Total Financing Cost)] 
14.2 
Leverage Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified as 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Warrant)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"CR (Warrant)" means Conversion Ratio (Warrant). 
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Financing Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the

--- Page 231 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
230 
 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount 
specified in the Issue Terms.  
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 23.1 (Definitions). 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"High Watermark Level" has the meaning given to such term in the Definitions for Coupon 
Amounts. "High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark 
Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the 
Issue Terms, 
(a) 
each Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation 
Period; or 
(b) 
the day(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms 
and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms;

--- Page 232 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
231 
 
"NUC𝒊" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Knock-Out Event" means (and a Knock-Out Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-
Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) 
above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out 
Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) 
below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out 
Level; 
"Knock-Out Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Knock-Out Observation Period. 
"Knock-Out Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: Call Warrant Product, Put Warrant Product, Call Knock-Out Warrant, Put 
Knock-Out Warrant, Bullish Mini Future Product or Bearish Mini Future Product. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher

--- Page 233 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
232 
 
Lock-In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as 
reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Issue Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 14.1(ii) of these Payout 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Mini Future Product" means each Leverage Product in respect of which the Leverage Product 
Style is specified to be either 'Bullish Mini Future Product' or 'Bearish Mini Future Product 
Style'. 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Rebate Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini 
Future Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level 
on any Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini 
Future Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level 
on any Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Stop Loss Observation 
Date, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such

--- Page 234 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
233 
 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted throughout the 
term of the Product in accordance with (a) and/or (b) below: 
(a) 
if the Underlying is a Share (or the Underlying provides exposure to shares or equity 
securities), the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted to account for the effect of any 
dividends corresponding such Underlying (or such underlying shares or equity 
securities) on the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying (or such underlying 
share or equity security); and/or 
(b) 
if any event occurs which entitles the Issuer to adjust the Conditions of the Products in 
accordance with the Underlying Specific Conditions, the Stop Loss Level may be 
adjusted to reflect any changes to the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying 
as a result of such event. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Stop Loss Observation Period.  
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' or 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, the 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level of such Underlying; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' or 'Put Knock-Out Warrant' in the Issue Terms, the Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) 
or (vi) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Basket Level;

--- Page 235 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
234 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' 
in the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Level (Worst); 
(iv) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' 
in the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Level (Worst); 
(v) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike 
Level (Best); 
(vi) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in 
the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike 
Level (Best). 
If the Final Fixing Level or Final Fixing Basket Level is at the Strike Level and a Strike Event 
has occurred, the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Payout Condition 14.1(i), 
14.1(ii), 14.1(iii), 14.1(iv), 14.1(v), 14.1(vi), 14.1(vii) or 14.1(viii) (as applicable) shall be equal 
to zero. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Percentage" or "SP" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Total Financing Cost" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
{1 + (Financing Rate × DCF)} 
Where, 
"DCF" means the actual number of days between (and including) the Issue Date to (and 
excluding) the scheduled Final Valuation Date (prior to any postponement of such day); and  
"Financing Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as defined in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Unwind Liquidation Price" means, in respect of an Underlying and the occurrence of a Stop 
Loss Event, an amount equal to (a) the price of the Underlying at which the Hedge Positions in 
respect of the Underlying are unwound following the occurrence of such Stop Loss Event minus 
(b) any costs incurred by the Hedging Entity as a result of unwinding such Hedge Positions.

--- Page 236 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Leverage Products 
235 
 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 237 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
236 
 
15. 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
This paragraph 15 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms. 
15.1 
Outperformance Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Outperformance with Participation 
This paragraph 15.1(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 'Outperformance with 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1), (2) or (3) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Final Performance; 0); 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)); 0]; 
(3) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (i) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement and (ii) payment 
of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × Final Return), 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 15.1(i)(B) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the purposes of this 
paragraph 15.1(i)(B) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Participation Certificate with Airbag feature

--- Page 238 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
237 
 
This paragraph 15.1(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 'Participation Certificate 
with Airbag feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Final Performance; 0); or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)); 0] 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be determined 
in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Final Redemption Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Final Redemption Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [Final Return; FRC]) 
15.2 
Outperformance Product Definitions 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 239 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
238 
 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Issue Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
−Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 240 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
239 
 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms):

--- Page 241 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
240 
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms):

--- Page 242 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
241 
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Redemption Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) zero (0); or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial 
Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) zero (0); or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial 
Fixing Level. 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 243 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
242 
 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue in the Issue Terms, either (i) 
or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula 
below in the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant 
formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
 
 
the Final Basket Return; 
 
the Final Basket Return (Strike); or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in 
the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 244 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
243 
 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant 
formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying.

--- Page 245 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
244 
 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP (FP)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Performance)" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"IP (FR)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Return)" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):

--- Page 246 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Outperformance Products 
245 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either 
(I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 247 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
246 
 
16. 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
This paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms. 
16.1 
Redemption Amount of Long/Short Products 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable). If the 
Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (i) below the Products shall redeem the 
Products early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further in paragraph (i) below).  
(i) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
This paragraph 16.1(i) shall only apply to Products in respect of which 'Stop Loss Early 
Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in respect of 
any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early on 
the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date by payment of the 
Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (A), (B) or (C) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 16.1(ii)(A) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with no Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [PP × Final Strategy Level; 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level); 0] 
(B) 
Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 16.1(ii)(B) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable):

--- Page 248 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
247 
 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((PP × Final Strategy Level)
−Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level)
−Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(C) 
Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation 
This paragraph 16.1(ii)(C) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if Final Performance (Long) is above Final Performance (Short), the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + 𝑈𝑃𝑃𝑥 Final Strategy Level) 
(2) 
if Final Performance (Long) is at or below Final Performance (Short), 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐶alculation Amount 
× (100% + 𝐷𝑃𝑃𝑥 Final Strategy Level); 0] 
16.2 
Long/Short Product Definitions 
"AF" or "Adjustment Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Performance" means, in respect of the Long Underlying or the Short Underlying, either 
(a) or (b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' 
in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating 
the relevant formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable):

--- Page 249 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
248 
 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms 
by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Strike Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
"Final Performance (Long)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Long Underlying. 
"Final Performance (Short)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Short Underlying. 
"Final Strategy Level" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Performance (Long) −Final Performance (Short) 
"Initial Product Value" means, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount for each 
Product in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
market value of such Product in respect of the Initial Fixing Date (or as specified as such in the 
Issue Terms). 
"Long/Short Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to 
be 'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Long/Short Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Long/Short Product with no Adjustment Factor' or 'Long/Short Product with 
Adjustment Factor'. 
"Long Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. 
"LS Final Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect 
of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the

--- Page 250 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
249 
 
Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or 
(ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Initial Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level" means, in 
respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and 
either the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the 
Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the 
Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as 
applicable): 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or 
(ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 251 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
250 
 
"LS Strike Basket Level" or "Long/Short Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a Product 
for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as 
applicable): 
∑NUCi × Strike Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (A) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or 
(B) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i". 
"Management Fee Deduction" means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Management Fee × DCF 
Where: 
"DCF" means either: 
(i) 
t
360 ; or 
(ii) 
actual
365 , 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Long/Short Products 
251 
 
"Short Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in 
the Issue Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) the Stop 
Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss Observation Date is either (a) below or (b) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Barrier Level.  
"Stop Loss Barrier Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Product 
Value of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means each day falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period 
that is an Underlying Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Product Value" means, in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, an amount 
in respect of each Calculation Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the market value of such Product in respect of such 
Stop Loss Observation Date. Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as 
the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means, in respect of the first Stop Loss Observation Date in 
respect of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Stop Loss Product Value in respect of such 
Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 253 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Dispersion Products 
252 
 
17. 
Redemption of Dispersion Products 
This paragraph 17 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dispersion Products' in the Issue Terms. 
17.1 
Redemption Amount of Dispersion Warrants on Basket 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Basket Dispersion is at or above the Strike Level, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × min {FRC; max[0; (Final Basket Dispersion - Strike Level)]} ; 
or 
(B) 
otherwise, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to zero. 
17.2 
Dispersion Product Definitions 
"Basket Dispersion" means, on any date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date:  
1
𝑛× ∑
ABS  (
𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖- Basket Performance
n
i=1
) 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"ABS" means, when placed before a bracket containing a formula, the absolute value of the 
calculation output of such formula, such that any negative amount obtained from applying such 
formula shall be deemed to be a positive amount having the same numerical value as such 
negative amount (and, for example, ABS(-0.01) will be equal to 0.01, and Abs(0.01) will be 
equal to 0.01); 
"Basket Performance" means, on any day, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date: 
∑Wi × 
n
i=1
𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖 
Where: 
"W" means the weight of the relevant Underlying specified in the relevant Issue Terms [(and 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a negative value)];  
"Fixing Leveli" means, on any day, the Fixing Level of Underlying "i" on such day; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
and 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Dispersion" means the Basket Dispersion on the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 254 ---
Payout Conditions 
Redemption of Dispersion Products 
253 
 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level" means an amount equal to the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
254 
 
18. 
Redemption of Steepener Products 
This paragraph 18 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms. 
18.1 
Redemption Amount of Steepener Products with Spread (Note or Certificate) 
This paragraph 18.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × PP 
18.2 
Redemption Amount of Steepener Products with Accrual Steepener (Warrant) 
This paragraph 18.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Product 
shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date at a Redemption Amount equal to zero (and shall 
expire worthless).  
18.3 
Redemption Amount of Steepener Products with Single Look (Warrant) 
This paragraph 18.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Final Spread −Spread Strike Level)] 
18.4 
Steepener Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Final Spread" means the Spread in respect of the Final Fixing Date.  
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial

--- Page 256 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
255 
 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Strike Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date or Redemption Date, an 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, 
such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if 
applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Steepener Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Spread (Note or Certificate)', 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' or 'Single Look 
(Warrant)'. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level 
was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
a Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing 
Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and 
an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date;  
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or

--- Page 257 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
256 
 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level

--- Page 258 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
257 
 
19. 
General Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of all 
Products: 
"Autocall Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential early redemption of Products at the Autocall Amount upon the occurrence of an 
Autocall Event and will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Average" means, in respect of an Underlying and either: 
(a) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying; 
(b) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect 
of all Initial Lookback Period Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period divided by (ii) the number of Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; 
(c) 
the Initial Fixing Averaging Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial 
Fixing Averaging Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Initial Fixing 
Averaging Dates for such Underlying; or 
(d) 
the Final Fixing Averaging Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Final 
Fixing Averaging Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Final Fixing 
Averaging Dates for such Underlying. 
"Conversion Ratio" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a), (b) or (c) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
number specified as such in respect of such Underlying in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bullish Products' in the 
Issue Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level ; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level × Settlement FX Rate) ; or 
(c) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Issue Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):

--- Page 259 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
258 
 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate 
"Conversion Ratio (Rounded)" means a number determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to the Conversion Ratio rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Delivery 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential payment of Coupon Amount(s) on the relevant Coupon Payment Dates and will be 
specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Corresponding Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product for which 'Settlement 
Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' or 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement', an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal 
to the amount that would have been paid as the Redemption Amount for such Product if 
'Settlement Type' had been specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning as defined in paragraph 1.3 of these Payout 
Conditions."Delivery Date" means the Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement). 
"Delivery Underlying" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if the Products are linked to one Underlying, such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if the Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: (a) each Underlying (b) 
the Worst Performing Underlying or (c) the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Product, a number equal to the Conversion Ratio 
(Rounded) of the Delivery Underlying. The Entitlement will be determined per Product without 
first aggregating the entire holding of Products held by an Investor. 
"Final Fixing Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing 
Averaging Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing

--- Page 260 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
259 
 
Averaging Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the 
Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or  
(iii) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, 
either: 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2; or  
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 11.3 of these Payout 
Conditions.  
"Final Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date;

--- Page 261 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
260 
 
(b) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Final Fixing Averaging Date; 
or 
(c) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates. 
"Initial Fixing Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Averaging Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Averaging Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
PROVIDED THAT, in respect of any relevant variable that is specified in the 
Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial Fixing Date falls on different dates for 
different Underlyings, such variable shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by the latest of such dates; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing

--- Page 262 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
261 
 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing 
Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of 
any relevant variable that is specified in the Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and 
to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Fixing Date, if the 
Initial Fixing Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, such 
variable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by the latest of such 
dates.  
"Initial Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), 
(g) or (h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall 
also be specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Date; or 
(b) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(d) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(e) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(f) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(g) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates;  
(h) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period, or 
(i) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Fixing Averaging 
Dates, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of 
Initial Fixing Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue 
Terms for such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Level. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either:

--- Page 263 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
262 
 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial 
Lookback Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, 
the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in 
the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial 
Lookback Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms in 
respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Period" means, in respect of an Underlying, the period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Lookback Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each 
Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
"Level" has the meaning given to such term in the Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Payout Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'Yield Enhancement Products', 'Twin Win Products', 'Fixed Redemption Products', 
'Protection Products', 'Bonus Products', 'Reverse Convertible', 'Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products', 'Dual Currency Product', 'Tracker Product', 'Discount Product', 'Leverage Product', 
'Outperformance Product', 'Long/Short Product', 'Dispersion Product' or 'Steepener Product'. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the price source, providing the 
relevant price of the Settlement FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product, the amount payable on the Redemption 
Date as determined in accordance with the relevant sub-paragraph of these Payout Conditions 
that is applicable to the Product. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the 
Issue Terms, the next following Business Day); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following either (A) the Final Fixing Date or 
(B) the later of (I) the Final Fixing Date and (II) the Settlement FX Fixing 
Date, as specified in the Issue Terms and in each case, if the Final Fixing Dates 
and/or Settlement FX Dates fall on different dates for different Underlyings, 
the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 11.3 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 264 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
263 
 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect the Delivery Underlying, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × Settlement Fixing Level 
(b) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × (Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate) 
"Residual Fraction" means, in respect of a Product and the Delivery Underlying, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the Conversion Ratio minus the 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded). 
"Settlement Fixing Level" means the Final Fixing Level of the Delivery Underlying. 
"Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, 
the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement FX Fixing Date" means the Final Fixing Date in respect of the Delivery 
Underlying, provided that the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions will apply to such 
date as if such date was an Underlying Valuation Date.  
"Settlement FX Rate" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying and a Settlement FX Fixing 
Date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement 
Currency the Settlement FX Rate in respect of such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"Settlement Initial Level" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a) the Initial 
Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the Issue 
Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or 
(h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall also be 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Level of such Underlying in respect of the 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date; 
(d) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of 
each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(e) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Observation Date; or

--- Page 265 ---
Payout Conditions 
General Definitions 
264 
 
(f) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(g) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of all Initial Lookback Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of the Initial Lookback Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of 
Strike Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue Terms 
for such Underlying in respect of the Strike Level AND PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined 
Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in 
the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial 
Fixing Level is determined. 
"Tracker Products" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Currency" means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified as such in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the 
basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect 
of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions.

--- Page 266 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
265 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Share Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Share on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Share in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices),  
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The

--- Page 267 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
266 
 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates  
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Shares in the basket (each such Share an 
"Affected Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Share in the basket that is not an Affected Share, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of such Affected Share(s) in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Share may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Share, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to):

--- Page 268 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
267 
 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Share, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on 
the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Share), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options 
on the Share traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share), which 
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the Share traded thereon and (B) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices).  
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Share Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or

--- Page 269 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
268 
 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Share Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share). Upon making any such 
adjustment, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and 
giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant 
event or any action taken; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the

--- Page 270 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
269 
 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Share 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver and/or a Reduced Number of 
Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Share or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of 
such Share on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in 
the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular

--- Page 271 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
270 
 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Share in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to 
a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 272 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
271 
 
"Level" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Share Price; 
(b) 
Opening Share Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, 
or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official opening share price 
of such Share on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or 
other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the

--- Page 273 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
272 
 
Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the 
purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price for such Share, as determined 
and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, each 
share specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person

--- Page 274 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
273 
 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Share.  
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following: (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Share, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, an amount equal 
to the volume weighted average price for such Share as displayed on the Exchange as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided 
in the Share Linked Conditions.

--- Page 275 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
274 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions shall apply to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate.  
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Participation Certificate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Participation Certificate (and if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Participation Certificate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such 
day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the 
Participation Certificate in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 276 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
275 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Participation Certificates in the basket 
(each such Participation Certificates an "Affected Participation Certificate" in 
respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Participation Certificates in the basket that is not an Affected 
Participation Certificate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the 
definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall publish the determined level of such Affected Participation Certificate(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Participation Certificate may 
be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity 
Event is in existence in respect of such Affected Participation Certificate or (b) the day that is 
60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such 
Participation Certificate and if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged 
to):

--- Page 277 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
276 
 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Participation Certificate, the following will apply:  
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on 
the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Participation Certificate), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation 
Certificate), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by 
the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Participation Certificate traded 
thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 278 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
277 
 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Condition 2.1 or 
2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions in relation to each 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving 
brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action 
taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the

--- Page 279 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
278 
 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products and each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption and/or an Insolvency Filing, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Participation Certificate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Participation Certificate or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official closing 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Participation Certificate ceases (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Participation Certificate or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the exchange or the quotation 
system as specified in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Participation Certificate

--- Page 280 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
279 
 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Participation Certificate on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such 
Participation Certificate on the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Participation Certificate in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Participation Certificates. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the Participation Certificate Issuer (a) all the shares of such Participation 
Certificate Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (b) holders of shares of such Participation Certificate Issuer become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the Participation 
Certificate Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered 
office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings

--- Page 281 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
280 
 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Participation Certificate 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Participation Certificate trades on the relevant Exchange 
at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant day, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Participation Certificate and such 
day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or 
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the occurrence or 
existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any (a) reclassification or 
change of any share of the Participation Certificate Issuer that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
exchange of the shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer with or into another entity or person 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such shares (other than 
such shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Participation Certificate Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding shares (other than shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue 
Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that all the shares of the 
Participation Certificate Issuer or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Participation 
Certificate Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official opening 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions.

--- Page 282 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
281 
 
"Participation Certificate (Genussscheine)" or "Participation Certificate" means, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions, 
each participation certificate (Genussscheine) specified as such in the Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Participation Certificate Issuer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the issuer of 
such Participation Certificate.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant shares of the 
Participation Share Issuer (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such shares of the Preference Share Issuer to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Participation 
Certificates and/or shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer ("Ordinary Shares") 
of (i) such Participation Certificate and/or Ordinary Shares or (ii) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Participation Certificate Issuer equally or proportionately or (iii) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Participation Certificate Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Participation Certificate Issuer in respect of relevant shares that are not 
fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the respective Participation Certificate Issuer or any of its affiliates of 
relevant shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Participation Certificate Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Participation Certificate Issuer pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights;  
(g) 
an amendment or adjustment of the conditions of the Participation Certificate; or 
(h) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Participation Certificates. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, each exchange or 
quotation system, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Participation Certificate. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a price for such 
Participation Certificate, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for 
the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such

--- Page 283 ---
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions 
282 
 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion 
or other means, more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer) 
are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Participation Certificate on such Exchange 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange 
Business Day for such Participation Certificate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Participation Certificate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the time at which the official 
closing price of such Participation Certificate is calculated on and published by the Exchange. 
If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, 
an amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Participation Certificate as 
displayed on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 284 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
283 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Index Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Index on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Index in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 285 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
284 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Indices in the basket (each such Index an 
"Affected Index" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Index in the basket that is not an Affected Index, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of such Affected Index(ices) in accordance with General Condition 
16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Index may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Index or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Successor Index Sponsor, Successor Index and Index Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index 
(a) 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (a "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, 
and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case 
that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
If either of the events described in (a) above have occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate,

--- Page 286 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
285 
 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms 
or any other terms of the Products to account for such Successor Index. Upon making 
any such adjustment the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Investors, giving details of the adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (b) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices).  
2.2 
Index Adjustment Events 
(a) 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material 
effect on the Products and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount using, in lieu of a 
published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to that event 
and shall notify the Investors thereof (in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices)). None of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent shall have 
any responsibility in respect of any error or omission or subsequent correction made in 
the calculation or publication of an index, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Index Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Index Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket

--- Page 287 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
286 
 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
In the event that a Relevant Level is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Level") is published by the Index Sponsor on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of 
which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Level, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Level, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Level. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Proprietary Index Provisions 
5.1 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that the relevant Index is a Proprietary Index, the following 
terms shall apply and Index Linked Condition 2.2 (Index Adjustment Events 
5.2 
) shall not apply to such Index. 
If, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, if applicable, permanently cancels such Proprietary Index 
and no Successor Index exists as at the date of such cancellation (an "Index Cancellation"), or 
(b) the Issuer has ceased to be the Index Sponsor of the Index and has generally exited or has 
ceased to engage in the business of being the index sponsor for proprietary strategies and indices 
similar to such Proprietary Index (an "Index Sponsor Exit Event") upon the Calculation Agent 
giving notice to Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), the Issuer shall 
(or, in respect of an Index Sponsor Exit Event, may (but is not obliged to)) redeem the Index

--- Page 288 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
287 
 
Linked Products in whole but not in part, each Index Linked Product being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount of such Index 
Linked Product, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
6. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is an Index: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Index composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of the components contained an Index, (ii) the use of an Index or one 
of the components contained in an Index has become illegal or (iii) the Hedging Entity will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Index Linked Conditions.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, any exchange or quotation system, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the components contained in such Index has relocated or temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the components underlying such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Delivery Settlement Price" or "EDSP" means, in respect of an Index and any 
relevant time on any relevant day, the official exchange delivery settlement price of such Index 
at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 289 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
288 
 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on, any relevant 
Exchange for securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index, or (b) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, that the Hedging Entity is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing 
the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
(b) 
in respect of a Proprietary Index, the meaning given such term in the relevant Index 
Rules. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Index (or components thereof) in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Index or its components. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions, each index specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means (a) for any Index other than a Proprietary Index, each of an 
Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption or an Index Modification and (b) in respect of 
Proprietary Indices, each of an Index Cancellation and an Index Sponsor Exit Event. 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor permanently cancels the 
Index or the Index may no longer be used as a consequence of new regulatory provisions and 
no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, on any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the level 
of the Index. 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or method of calculating that Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation 
and other routine events).

--- Page 290 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
289 
 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the index rules setting out the rules, 
methodology and other information applicable to such Proprietary Index, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, a copy of which may be provided to an Investor by the 
Calculation Agent upon request by such Investor and/or made available on the website specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Sponsor" means, (a) for any Index other than a Proprietary Index, the entity specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and 
(ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during 
each Scheduled Trading Day; and (b) for a Proprietary Index, the Issuer. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
official level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index 
Sponsor and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such Index and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Index Level;  
(b) 
Intraday Level;  
(c) 
Opening Index Level; or 
(d) 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence of (a) a 
Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, (c) an Early Closure or (d) an Illiquidity Event. For the purpose of determining whether 
a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Opening Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official opening level of 
such Index on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index 
Linked Conditions.  
"Other Disruption" in respect of a Proprietary Index, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the relevant Index Rules. 
"Proprietary Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and 
published by the Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related

--- Page 291 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
290 
 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to calculate and publish the level of such Index. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Index on any relevant Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Index. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of an Index, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, the time at 
which the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
(or Index Calculation Agent, as applicable).

--- Page 292 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
291 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions shall apply to Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt.  
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Depositary Receipt and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Depositary Receipt (and if the Issue Terms specify that 
this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Depositary Receipt on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Depositary 
Receipt in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 293 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
292 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Depositary Receipts in the basket (each 
such Depositary Receipt an "Affected Depositary Receipt" in respect of such 
Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Depositary Receipt in the basket that is not an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of 
Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Depositary Receipt(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Depositary Receipt may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Depositary Receipt or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) 
above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
such day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the terms of the Deposit Agreement are amended or supplemented following a Potential 
Adjustment Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in relation to the relevant 
Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Depositary Receipt 
and, if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to):

--- Page 294 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
293 
 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Depositary Receipt, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on 
the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Underlying Share or to the Depositary Receipt), which may, but need not, be 
determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or 
Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the relevant Underlying Share 
or on the Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying 
Share or the Depositary Receipt), which may, but need not, be determined by 
reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency 
or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Underlying Share 
or on the Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 295 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
294 
 
2.3 
Consequences of a termination of the Deposit Agreement 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination: 
(a) 
(i) 
references to the Depositary Receipt shall be replaced by references to the 
Underlying Shares; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms and will 
determine the effective date of such replacement and adjustments; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.4 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2.1 to 2.3) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Depositary 
Receipt Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected 
Depositary Receipt")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 296 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
295 
 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or Depositary 
Receipt); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, each of Increased Cost of 
Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver 
and/or a Reduced Number of Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Depositary Receipt composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official closing price 
of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked 
Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Depositary Receipt or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the

--- Page 297 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
296 
 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union).  
"Deposit Agreement" means the agreement or other instrument constituting the Depositary 
Receipts, as amended from time to time. 
"Depositary Receipt" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt 
Linked Conditions, each security representing shares specified as such in the Issue Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the exchange or the quotation system as specified 
in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its 
reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Depositary 
Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
exchange or quotation system); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Underlying Share, the exchange on which the Underlying Share is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a 
Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any

--- Page 298 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
297 
 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Depositary Receipts in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Depositary Receipts. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to 
a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Depositary Receipt trades on the relevant Exchange at such 
time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Depositary Receipt and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Depositary Receipt, (i) the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading 
Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, (C) an Early Closure, in each case in relation to the Depositary 
Receipt, (D) an Illiquidity Event or (ii) the existence of a Market Disruption Event in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Share; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such Underlying 
Share.

--- Page 299 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
298 
 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official opening 
price of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or 
other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the

--- Page 300 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
299 
 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Share. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the 
purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a price for such 
Depositary Receipt, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the 
Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means (a) for the determination whether a Potential Adjustment Event, a Merger Event, 
a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation or an Insolvency has occurred, the Underlying Share and (b) 
for all other purposes, the Underlying Share and the Depositary Receipt. 
"Share Issuer" means the company that has issued the Underlying Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Shares on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 301 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
300 
 
"Underlying Share" means the relevant share represented by the Depositary Receipt, as issued 
by the relevant Share Issuer. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Business 
Day for such Depositary Receipt 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Depositary Receipt, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an 
amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Depositary Receipt as displayed 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.

--- Page 302 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
301 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Commodity Linked Conditions shall apply to Commodity Linked Products in 
respect of each Underlying which is a Commodity. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Commodity and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Commodity (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition 
shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Commodity on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Commodity 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 303 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
302 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Commodities in the basket (each such 
Commodity an "Affected Commodity" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Commodity in the basket that is not an Affected Commodity, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Commodity, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Commodity(ies) in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Commodity may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Commodity or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
(a) 
If the quotation of or trading in the Commodity on the Reference Market or the 
publication of the relevant price of the Commodity by the Price Source is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently the quotation or trading is maintained or is 
commenced on another reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if 
the relevant price of the Commodity is published by another price source (the 
"Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the 
Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market and/or the Substitute Price

--- Page 304 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
303 
 
Source as the Price Source through publication in accordance with General Condition 
16 (Notices).  
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Reference 
Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute 
Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no substitution as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the 
day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Changes in the Commodity 
(a) 
If at any time the Commodity is terminated and/or replaced by another value or if the 
Commodity is traded in a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g., with a 
different degree of purity or a different point of origin) or in a different standard 
measuring unit, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent are entitled to make an adjustment 
to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation Agent is appropriate to 
reflect the amendments and/or to replace the Commodity with a successor commodity 
(the "Successor Commodity") which is economically equivalent to the original 
relevant concept of the Commodity.  
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the Commodity 
by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development of the 
reference value(s) underlying the Products. The Successor Commodity and the date of 
its initial application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any reference in the Conditions to the Commodity shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to the Successor Commodity. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the 
day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Commodity Linked Condition 2.1 and 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Commodity 
Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Commodity")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket

--- Page 305 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
304 
 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 2, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 
16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in 
respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty 
(30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by the Reference 
Market on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or 
delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination 
in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant 
Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable 
or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected 
Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Commodity Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Commodity: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Permanent Market Disruption Event, an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Commodity composed within a basket of Underlyings.

--- Page 306 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
305 
 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Commodity or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked 
Conditions, each commodity or commodity futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
"Commodity Reference Price" means, on any day in respect of a Commodity, the relevant 
price per unit of such Commodity displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by 
the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the Commodity Linked Conditions.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event, except for a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable), has occurred. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Commodity in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the Commodity. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and any date, the Commodity Reference Price in 
respect of such Commodity and such date. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
(i) the failure of a Reference Market or Price Source to announce or publish a price 
relevant for the Products; or (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source; or (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price relevant for the Products (notwithstanding 
the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the Commodity);

--- Page 307 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
306 
 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading in the Commodity on the relevant 
Reference Market or in futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading, (i) in 
the Commodity on the Reference Market or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Commodity on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(d) 
the occurrence since the Initial Fixing Date of a material change (i) in the formula for 
or method of calculating the price relevant for the Products; or (ii) in the content, 
composition or constitution of the Commodity or of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Commodity;  
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, the Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity 
(other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal 
is to raise or lower a relevant price on a Underlying Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Market 
Disruption Event, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity, the price source specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Commodity, the reference market or the quotation 
system specified as such in the Issue Terms, any successor to such reference market or quotation 
system or any substitute reference market or quotation system to which trading in the 
Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in 
its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Commodity on such 
temporary substitute reference market or quotation system as on the original reference market). 
"Reference Market Business Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Reference Market calculates and publishes a Relevant Underlying Price or, 
as the case may be, the Price Source publishes a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, a price for such Commodity, 
as determined and published by the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price or, as the case may 
be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, a Reference Market Business 
Day for such Commodity. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on

--- Page 308 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
307 
 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Commodity, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Linked Conditions.

--- Page 309 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
308 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Currency Exchange Rate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Currency Exchange Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall 
apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 310 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
309 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Currency Exchange Rates in the basket 
(each such Currency Exchange Rate an "Affected Currency Exchange Rate" in 
respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Currency Exchange Rate in the basket that is not an Affected 
Currency Exchange Rate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with 
the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Currency Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall publish the determined level of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Currency Exchange Rate may 
be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity 
Event is in existence in respect of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate or (b) the day that is 
60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has occurred 
on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Currency Exchange Rate or in the 
composition or weighting of the price or other reference parameters upon which the Currency

--- Page 311 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
310 
 
Exchange Rate is based on (as compared to the Issue Date) shall not lead to an adjustment unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that, as a result of the changes (including corrections), the 
underlying concept and calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to 
the underlying concept or calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such 
change. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of the Currency Exchange 
Rate and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine an adjusted 
value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate which shall be used for the determination of the 
relevant price of the Currency Exchange Rate for the Products and which in its economic result 
shall correspond to the provisions prior to this change. The Calculation Agent shall also 
determine the day on which the adjusted value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate shall 
apply for the first time, taking into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value 
per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate and the date of its first application shall be published 
pursuant to General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with the Currency Exchange 
Rate 
If any Relevant Currency (the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the 
country(ies) or jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues 
such currency is replaced by another currency or merged with another currency to become a 
common currency (in each case, the "Successor Currency"), the Affected Currency shall be 
replaced, for the purposes of these Conditions, by the Successor Currency provided that, if 
applicable, the appropriate adjustments according to paragraph 2.2 above have been made. The 
Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices).  
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Affected Currency shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency. 
2.4 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), provided that the Issuer has not terminated the 
Products in accordance with these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices) within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the 
quotation of or trading in such Relevant Currency on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected 
Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or

--- Page 312 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
311 
 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the 
relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give 
such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such 
Additional Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility 
relevant to the Currency Exchange Rate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in

--- Page 313 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
312 
 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 
2.5 of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Base Currency/Cross Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Currency Exchange Rate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any Relevant Currency, or (y) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Cross Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency 
Exchange Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Cross Currency, which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Currency Exchange Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Conditions, in respect of any day, an exchange rate of one currency for 
another currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market is open for trading during its regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 314 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
313 
 
"Currency Exchange Reference Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions, PROVIDED THAT, if 'Derived Exchange Rate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Currency Exchange Reference Rate shall be the Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts 
thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
quotient of the (i) Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price; and (ii) the Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price, in each case in respect of such day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the 
closure on any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Reference Market on such Currency Exchange Rate Business Day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the relevant currency/ies in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the relevant currency/ies. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate and any relevant day, the Currency 
Exchange Reference Rate in respect of such Currency Exchange Rate and such day.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of a Currency Exchange Rate 
relevant for the Products on the Reference Market or by the relevant Price Source; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the Relevant Country, the latter of 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Products; 
(c) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines material in respect of the Products in either:

--- Page 315 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
314 
 
(i) 
a Relevant Currency on the Reference Market; or 
(ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on 
banking activities in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any 
other reasons; 
(d) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(e) 
a Relevant Country either:  
(i) 
imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls on any 
relevant currency; or  
(ii) 
implements or announces its intention to implement any laws or regulations; 
or  
(iii) 
changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or 
administration of any laws or regulations,  
where in each case, the Calculation Agent determines that such event 
mentioned in paragraph (e)(i), (e)(ii) and (e)(iii) of this definition of Market 
Disruption Event is likely to affect the ability of the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent or any of its affiliates to acquire, hold, transfer or realise any Relevant 
Currency or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such Relevant 
Currency; 
(f) 
an event which the Calculation Agent determines would make it impossible for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, impair or delay the 
performance of the following activities: 
(i) 
converting a Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency or any other 
currency through customary legal channels or transferring within or from any 
Relevant Country a Relevant Currency due to the imposition by such Relevant 
Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such conversion or transfer, 
as the case may be; 
(ii) 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency or into the 
Settlement Currency or any other currency at a rate at least as favourable as 
the rate for domestic financial institutions located in the Relevant Country; 
(iii) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Country 
to accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
(iv) 
transferring a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant 
Country or to a party that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country; 
(g) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to: 
(i) 
obtain market values for a Relevant Currency; or 
(ii) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange where such contracts 
are usually traded; or 
(h) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 316 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
315 
 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the price source, providing the relevant price 
of the Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price, specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the reference market specified as 
such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Country" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country (or political 
or regulatory authority thereof) which:  
(a) 
has a Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency; and  
(b) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material connection with a Relevant 
Currency. 
"Relevant Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency used to 
determine the level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a rate for such Currency 
Exchange Rate, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Settlement Currency" means the settlement currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the Reference 
Market and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference 
Market on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which 
the Reference Market is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day for such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Currency Exchange Rate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 317 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
316 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Futures Contract Linked Conditions shall apply to Futures Contract Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Futures Contract. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Futures Contract and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Futures Contract (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Futures 
Contract on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Futures Contract in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 318 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
317 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Futures Contracts in the basket (each such 
Futures Contract an "Affected Futures Contract" in respect of such Underlying 
Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Futures Contract in the basket that is not an Affected Futures 
Contract, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of 
Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Futures Contract(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Futures Contract may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Futures Contract or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) 
above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
such day).  
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
If the quotation of or trading in a Futures Contract on the Reference Market or the publication 
of the relevant price of such Futures Contract by the Price Source is permanently discontinued 
while the quotation or trading is concurrently maintained or is commenced on another reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of such Futures Contract 
is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to stipulate such Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market 
and/or such Substitute Price Source as the new Price Source through publication in accordance

--- Page 319 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
318 
 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the 
Conditions to the Reference Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to 
the Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
2.2 
Changes in the Futures Contract 
If at any time (a) a Futures Contract is terminated and/or replaced by another value or (b) the 
relevant contract characteristics and/or conditions of such Futures Contract or the value 
underlying such Futures Contract are changed, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may, but are 
not obliged to, make an adjustment to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation 
Agent is appropriate to reflect the events described in (a) and (b) of this paragraph 2.2 and/or to 
replace such Futures Contract with a successor futures contract (the "Successor Futures 
Contract") which is economically equivalent to the original concept of such Futures Contract.  
As the case may be, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the 
Futures Contract by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development 
of the reference value(s) underlying the Products. 
The Successor Futures Contract and the date of its initial application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). Any reference in the Conditions to the Futures 
Contract shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Futures Contract. 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Futures Contract 
Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket 
Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken.

--- Page 320 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
319 
 
2.5 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 or 2.2 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day 
prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the 
Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to 
be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any 
such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected 
Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment 
and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Futures 
Contract Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Futures Contract: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption and/or a Permanent Market Disruption Event, in each case, if specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 of these 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Futures Contract composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal

--- Page 321 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
320 
 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Futures Contract or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
a relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event (other than a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable)) has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the exchange or the quotation system as 
specified in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Futures Contract has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Futures Contract on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Futures Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, each futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Futures Contract in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in 
whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Futures Contract. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant time on any relevant 
day, the price at which such Futures Contract trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Futures Contract and such day: 
(a) 
Intraday Price. 
(b) 
Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following:

--- Page 322 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
321 
 
(a) 
either (i) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish a price of such Futures 
Contract relevant for the Products, (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source or (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price of such Futures Contract relevant for the 
Products (notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading (i) in such Futures Contract on the 
Exchange or (ii) on the Exchange in general;  
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading (i) in 
such Futures Contract on the Exchange or (ii) on the Exchange in general; 
(d) 
a material change (as compared to the circumstances as at the Initial Fixing Date) in (i) 
the formula for or method of calculating a price of such Futures Contract relevant for 
the Products, or (ii) the content, composition or constitution of such Futures Contract 
or of the underlying on which such Futures Contract is based; or 
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, such Futures Contract or the underlying on which such Futures Contract 
is based (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) 
by any government or tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or 
removal is to raise or lower a relevant price on an Underlying Valuation Date from 
what it would have been without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any one or 
more of the events set out in the definition of Market Disruption Event in these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, considered 
to be permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the price source specified as such in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the reference market specified as 
such in the Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a price for such Futures 
Contract, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any day on which the 
Exchange is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price of such Futures 
Contract or, as the case may be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish the a Relevant 
Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, on any day in respect of a Futures Contract, the official settlement 
price of such Futures Contract on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day,

--- Page 323 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
322 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business Day 
for such Futures Contract. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Futures Contract, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Futures Contract is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 324 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
323 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions shall apply 
to Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument.   
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Instrument and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Instrument (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Instrument on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Instrument in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 325 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
324 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings' in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Instruments in the basket (each such 
Instrument an "Affected Instrument" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Instrument in the basket that is not an Affected Instrument, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Instrument, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Instrument(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Instrument may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Instrument or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material change in the market conditions has 
occurred on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Changes in the calculation of the Instrument 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of an Instrument shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Calculation Agent determines that as a result of the changes (including 
corrections) the underlying concept and calculation of such Instrument is no longer comparable 
to the underlying concept or calculation applicable to such Instrument prior to such change.

--- Page 326 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
325 
 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of such Instrument and/or its 
substitution by another underlying or the Delisting of such Instrument. 
For the purposes of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjusted 
value of such Instrument which shall be used for the determination of the relevant price of such 
Instrument for the Products that, in its economic result, shall correspond to the provisions prior 
to this change, and shall determine the day on which the adjusted value of such Instrument shall 
apply for the first time taking into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value of 
the Instrument and the date of its first application shall be published pursuant to General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Termination, early redemption, replacement or adjustment to the terms and conditions of 
the Instrument 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated and/or redeemed early or replaced by another 
Instrument, provided that such circumstance does not occur in connection with any insolvency 
or general settlement proceedings or other similar proceedings of the issuer of the Instrument(s), 
or in the event of changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument(s), the Instrument(s) 
may be replaced for the purposes of these Conditions by another financial instrument (the 
"Successor Instrument"), if necessary, after the appropriate adjustments (if any) according to 
paragraph 2.2 have been made. The Successor Instrument and the date of its first application 
shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Instrument shall, to the extent permitted by 
the context, be deemed to refer to the Successor Instrument. 
2.4 
Replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in the Instrument(s) on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is started up or maintained concurrently on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices)within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the 
quotation of or trading in the Instrument on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition 
2.1 to 2.4) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Fixed Rate or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition in relation to each of 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged, to 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the

--- Page 327 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
326 
 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment 
and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or 
any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Reference Market on or before the Business Day prior 
to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer 
or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be 
made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any 
such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected 
Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment 
and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 
(Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 328 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
327 
 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products and each Underlying 
which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 of 
these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Instrument composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of an Instrument or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official closing price of such 
Instrument on the Reference Market as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an Instrument, that the relevant Reference Market announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, such Instrument ceases (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on a market or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Reference Market (or, where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Derivative Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each instrument specified as such in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of an Instrument, the closure on 
any Trading Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Trading Day. 
"Fixed Rate Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each fixed rate instrument specified 
as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products.

--- Page 329 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
328 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative Instruments in a sufficient amount to meet its 
payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment 
date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative 
Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Instrument" means a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument, as the case may be. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant time on any relevant day, 
the price at which such Instrument trades on the relevant Reference Market at such time on such 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Instrument and such day: 
(a) 
Opening Price; 
(b) 
Closing Price; or 
(c) 
Intraday Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Instrument, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of an Instrument relevant for 
the Products on the Reference Market; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of trading (the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material in respect of the Products) (i) of such Instrument on the 
Reference Market, (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Instrument on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded or (iii) due to a directive of 
an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on banking activities in 
the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons;  
(c) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(d) 
at any time, an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (i) to obtain market values for such 
Instrument, (ii) to sell or transfer such Instrument or to exercise the rights conveyed by 
such Instrument or (iii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to such Instrument on a futures exchange where such 
contracts are usually traded; 
(e) 
any event other than those listed at paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition of Market 
Disruption Event which, in its consequences, is commercially comparable to those 
events; 
(f) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the country where the Reference 
Market is located and which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of 
the Products; or 
(g) 
an Illiquidity Event.

--- Page 330 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
329 
 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official opening price of 
such Instrument on the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions.  
"Reference Market" means the reference market specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an Instrument, a price for such Instrument, 
as determined and published by the Reference Market, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Reference Market and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Reference Market is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Trading Day for such 
Instrument. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of an Instrument, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Instrument is calculated on and published by the Reference Market. If the 
Reference Market closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time.

--- Page 331 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
330 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these ETF Linked Conditions shall apply to ETF Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an ETF Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single ETF Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the ETF Share 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the ETF Share in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 332 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
331 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more ETF Shares in the basket (each such ETF 
Share an "Affected ETF Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each ETF Share in the basket that is not an Affected ETF Share, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected ETF Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected ETF Share(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected ETF Share may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected ETF Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur and such Potential Adjustment Event Adjustment has a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of an ETF Share or materially and adversely affects the calculation of 
the NAV, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and

--- Page 333 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
332 
 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event and exchange contracts on the ETF Shares that are traded 
on such Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 2.1 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective 
date of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
(A) undertake those adjustments to variables that it considers to be 
appropriate, as the case may be, regarding the calculation methods, the settlement or 
payment or other terms in respect of the Products to account for the effects of such 
Extraordinary Event in respect of the Products and (B) determine the effective date of 
these adjustments; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make 
pursuant to paragraph 2.2(a)(i) above leads to a commercially reasonable 
result, then the Calculation Agent may select: 
(A) 
another fund that is in the same currency and has the same investment 
objective as the relevant Fund (the "Replacement Fund"); and 
(B) 
the applicable day (the "Fund Replacement Date") for the 
replacement of the relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may set the Fund 
Replacement Date as any date, including any date before the 
occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event or the Issue Date), 
in which case, (I) the Replacement Fund replaces the Relevant Fund 
on the Fund Replacement Date, (II) references herein to the Fund are 
deemed, from the Fund Replacement Date, to be references to the 
Replacement Fund and (III) the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion undertakes the appropriate adjustments to 
variables that it considers to be appropriate, as the case may be, 
regarding the calculation methods, the valuation, settlement or 
payment terms in respect of the Products to account for such 
substitution; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products 
by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each

--- Page 334 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
333 
 
Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. 
The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 2.2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective 
date of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in ETF Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such ETF Linked Condition in relation 
to each of such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not 
obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such 
Additional Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relevant to the Fund); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled

--- Page 335 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
334 
 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 3 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of ETF 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is an ETF Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each ETF Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of an ETF Share or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such ETF and such day:  
(a) 
the official closing price of such ETF on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the 
relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the ETF 
Linked Conditions; or 
(b) 
the net asset value calculated in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other 
documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the ETF. 
"Constitutional Document(s)" means, in respect of a Fund, the document(s) constituting the 
Trust. 
"Delisting" means, in respect an ETF Share, that such ETF Shares cease or have ceased to be 
admitted to trade on the Exchange and that such ETF Shares have not been admitted to trade on 
another Exchange that the Calculation Agent considers to be a suitable substitute Exchange. 
"Denomination Currency" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the currency in which the NAV 
of such ETF Share or the related ETF is published.

--- Page 336 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
335 
 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day 
of one or more relevant Exchange(s) or one or more Related Exchange(s) prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" means an exchange traded fund.  
"ETF Share" mean, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an event (other than an Early 
Exchange Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to (a) effect transactions in such ETF Shares or obtain market 
values on the Exchange for such ETF Shares or (b) effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts on such ETF Share on a relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each of (a) an Insolvency in respect 
of the Fund, its Management Company or a depository or another of the Fund's service 
providers, (b) a Merger Event, (c) a Delisting or (d) a Termination of the Trust in respect of the 
related Fund. 
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in the 
Issue Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Reference Index" means the index specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Reference Index Sponsor" means the sponsor of the Fund Reference Index, as specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the ETF Shares in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole

--- Page 337 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
336 
 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the ETF Shares 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a relevant entity, that such entity:  
(a) 
is wound up (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or takeover);  
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable or fails to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due;  
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors;  
(d) 
either: 
(i) 
institutes or has instituted against it a petition by a regulator, regulatory body 
or other body with primary responsibility for insolvency, restructuring or 
supervision in the country in which its head office is registered or established, 
whereby a judgment is sought for insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
affecting creditors' rights or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by itself or such regulator, regulatory body or such similar body; 
or  
(ii) 
has brought a petition against itself seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
applicable relief affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and the petition or other application is instituted or 
made by a person or agent that is not named under (d)(i) of this definition of 
Insolvency and either:  
 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation; or  
 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
fifteen calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;  
(e) 
has passed a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, Trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets;  
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within fifteen calendar days thereafter; 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition; or

--- Page 338 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
337 
 
(i) 
takes actions that promote any of the foregoing processes or agrees to, consents to or 
permits the same. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such ETF trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Intraday Price; or 
(c) 
Opening Price. 
"Management Company" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
management company specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of:  
(a) 
a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or a suspension or a failure of the 
announcement of the price of such ETF Share or NAV, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent regards as material in respect of the Products, at any time during the 
one-hour period immediately before the relevant Valuation Time;  
(b) 
an Early Exchange Closure; 
(c) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(d) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for such ETF Shares, 
PROVIDED THAT, if in respect of an event that would otherwise be a Market Disruption 
Event occurs only two hours prior to the time of the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on the relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on the relevant Exchange Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent may determine that such event is not considered material in respect 
of the relevant ETF Share. In such case such event shall not be a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such ETF Share and, in respect of the relevant day, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the corresponding level of such ETF Share and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day.  
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any of:  
(a) 
reclassification or other change to the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person;  
(b) 
a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit 
exchange in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); 
(c) 
takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF

--- Page 339 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
338 
 
Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person); or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund or its affiliates with 
or into another entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in 
the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official opening price of such 
ETF on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of ETF Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of such ETF Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of ETF Shares of:  
(i) 
such ETF Shares;  
(ii) 
other participation rights or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares;  
(iii) 
participation rights or securities of another unit issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or  
(iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or options or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a distribution per ETF Share which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Fund in respect of ETF Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its affiliates of ETF Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f) 
an event occurs that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock other units of the Fund pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights; 
(g) 
the NAV, as calculated by or on behalf of the ETF is not calculated or announced in 
respect of any Scheduled Trading Day within the time period that the Calculation Agent 
would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available in respect of such day; 
(h) 
the Denomination Currency is changed and now differs from the Denomination 
Currency as at the Initial Fixing Date;

--- Page 340 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
339 
 
(i) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such ETF Shares or on the 
NAV; or 
(j) 
an adjustment to the calculation terms of exchange contracts in respect of such ETF 
Shares that are traded on a Related Exchange. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, those options or futures exchanges 
on which options or futures contracts are regularly traded on the units of the Fund, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, and (in each case) any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading is temporarily carried out in 
futures or options contracts on such ETF Shares (to the extent as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the temporary substitute exchange or quotation system the liquidity for the futures and 
options contracts on ETF Shares is comparable with the liquidity of the original Related 
Exchange). 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share: 
(a) 
a price for such ETF Share, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is 
relevant for the Products; or 
(b) 
a value for such ETF Share, as determined and published by or on behalf of the related 
ETF, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on the Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share: 
(a) 
a day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions; or  
(b) 
any day on which the NAV is scheduled to be calculated and announced in accordance 
with the terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the 
marketing of the ETF Share. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Termination of the Trust" means, in respect of a Fund, where pursuant to the Constitutional 
Document(s) the Trust has been terminated or amended in another way, including (but not 
limited to): 
(a) 
the rescission of the Constitutional Document(s) by the Management Company or the 
Trustee or the termination of the calculation and publication of the Fund Reference 
Index by the Fund Reference Index Sponsor; 
(b) 
a decision of a competent authority on the rescission or cancellation of the 
Constitutional Document(s) or the Trust; and/or 
(c) 
a decision of a competent authority on the (i) rescission or suspension of the applicable 
licence of the Management Company that is necessary for the administration of the 
Fund or (ii) unwinding of the Management Company.  
Throughout the life of a Fund the replacement of the Management Company or the substitution 
of the Trustee by a substitute Trustee shall not lead to the Termination of the Trust and any such 
replacement investment Management Company and any such substitute Trustee shall be

--- Page 341 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
340 
 
regarded as the Management Company or Trustee as from the date on which such replacement 
or substitution takes effect. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise (a) relating to ETF Shares on the Exchange, (b) in futures or options contracts on 
the ETF Shares on a relevant Related Exchange or (c) in ETF Shares or other securities of an 
ETF in respect of the relevant Funds Reference Index on the Exchange or a Related Exchange, 
if in any of these cases the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that such 
suspension or limitation is material. 
"Trust" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the trust which constitutes the 
Fund or the company or another vehicle under which the ETF Shares are issued by the Fund. 
"Trustee(s)" means the trustees for the beneficial owners of the Fund. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange Business Day for 
such ETF Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Fund, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share:  
(a) 
the time at which the Exchange calculates and publishes the official closing price of 
such ETF Share. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
Valuation Time falls after the actual closing time for the regular trading session, the 
Valuation Time means the time of the actual close of trading. 
(b) 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the NAV is calculated and announced in 
accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection 
with the marketing of the ETF Share.

--- Page 342 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
341 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Fund Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fund Unit. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Fund Unit (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Fund Unit 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Fund Unit in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day).  
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices),

--- Page 343 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
342 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day).  
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Fund Units in the basket (each such Fund 
Unit an "Affected Fund Unit" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Fund Unit in the basket that is not an Affected Fund Unit, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Fund Unit(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Fund Unit may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in 
existence in respect of such Affected Fund Unit or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day).  
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), if the Calculation 
Agent determines in its reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects 
the relevant Fund Unit or the calculation of the NAV of such Fund Unit: 
(a) 
(i) 
make any adjustments to any calculation methods, values or terms in respect 
of the Products that they determine at their reasonable discretion to be necessary to 
account for such Potential Adjustment Event; and/or

--- Page 344 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
343 
 
(ii) 
select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) 
Business Days, one or more suitable alternative funds with reasonably similar 
investment mandates (each a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by 
such Replacement Fund, subject to the satisfaction of all of the following 
suitability criteria: 
(A) 
the relevant fund management company(ies) and fund manager(s) are 
willing to allow the fund to be referenced in the Products; 
(B) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent can trade at net asset value or at 
bid price in the fund with no direct or indirect fee, levy or other 
charge whatsoever, including subscription or redemption penalties 
applicable, or potentially applicable, to any such trading or any 
interest so acquired; 
(C) 
the fund (or a relevant manager) publishes the fund's net asset value 
or bid price on a daily basis; and 
(D) 
the Hedging Entity is able to fully hedge its position with respect to 
the Replacement Fund as at the date on which the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent elects to replace the Fund with the Replacement 
Fund; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (and paragraph 2.2 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the 
Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of 
each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
If the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent elects to replace a Fund with a Replacement Fund, any 
reference to such Fund in these Fund Linked Conditions shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to such Replacement Fund. 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this Fund Linked 
Condition 2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
2.2 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fund Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Fund Linked Condition in relation 
to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not 
obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket

--- Page 345 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
344 
 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.3 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fund Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Correction of Values 
In the event that a Relevant Value is subsequently corrected and such correction (the "Corrected 
Value") is published on behalf of such Fund on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have been made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Value, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Value, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Value. The adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fund 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Fund Unit: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Fund Unit composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal

--- Page 346 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
345 
 
to hold, acquire or dispose of a Fund Unit or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Denomination Currency" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the currency in which the NAV 
of such Fund Unit or the related Fund is published. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Fund" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit as specified in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Unit" means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit in such Fund, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fund in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Fund. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and any relevant day, the NAV in respect of such Fund 
Unit and such day. 
"Manager" means, in respect of a Fund, each of its manager, investment manager or any of its 
investment advisors. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any one of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of such Fund Unit or NAV;  
(b) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for such Fund Unit. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 347 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
346 
 
"NAV" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the net asset value calculated in accordance with the 
terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of such 
Fund. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and the related Fund, any one 
of the following events:  
(a) 
a violation or change of any material terms of the offer documents or other documents 
prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund or each of its constitutional 
documents, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
is material; 
(b) 
the main investment objective of the Fund changes; 
(c) 
the Denomination Currency is changed and now differs from the Denomination 
Currency as at the Initial Fixing Date; 
(d) 
the NAV, as calculated by or on behalf of the Fund is not calculated or announced in 
respect of any Scheduled Trading Day within the time period that the Calculation Agent 
would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available in respect of such day; 
(e) 
the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, has decreased by 50 per cent. (either due to 
redemptions or decrease in value of such assets), over a period of twelve months; 
(f) 
the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant 
effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or would 
increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical 
Investor to such extent that the full redemption in one single valid and timely 
redemption order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed 
by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(g) 
any restriction or limitation or suspension or deferral of trading of, or redemptions of 
or subscription for Fund Units affecting the Hedging Entity's ability to conduct its 
activities it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing 
the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products (including, but not limited to, the 
introduction or increase of any associated fee, cost or expense, or any restructure, 
reorganisation or action that has a similar impact to a gate or side pocket), or any 
mandatory redemption of Fund Units; 
(h) 
the regulatory or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer, the Fund or any 
Manager is changed; 
(i) 
any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or its Managers, by a relevant 
regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator 
in consequence thereof; 
(j) 
any winding-up, liquidation of, or any termination or any loss of regulatory approval, 
licence or registration of, a Manager, or any merger, de-merger, winding-up or 
liquidation of or affecting the Fund; 
(k) 
any arrangement between the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent and the Fund and/or a 
Manager, including arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund 
Units, being changed or terminated; 
(l) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at their 
reasonable discretion, prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Hedging Entity's 
ability to conduct activities it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering 
into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products;

--- Page 348 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
347 
 
(m) 
the notice period for subscriptions/redemption in the Fund Unit is modified in a 
significant manner and/or the subscriptions and/or redemptions in Fund Units are 
suspended, postponed or reduced (either in whole or in part), and/or the payments of 
redemption proceeds to be paid in respect of a redemption order are suspended, 
postponed, reduced (either in whole or in part) or paid by instalments, and/or the 
dividend and/or redemption payments are made (either in whole or in part) in kind 
rather than in cash and/or the non-execution or partial execution by the Fund for any 
reason of a subscription or redemption order on the Fund Units; or 
(n) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units or on the 
NAV. 
"Relevant Value" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a value for such Fund Unit, as determined 
and published by or on behalf of the related Fund, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any day on which the NAV is 
scheduled to be calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or 
other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
NAV is calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other 
documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Trading Day for such Fund 
Unit 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Fund Unit, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 349 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
348 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of theses Reference Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Reference Rate Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Reference Rate. 
1. 
Determination of the Reference Rate  
The relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its reasonable discretion, determine the relevant level of 
the respective Reference Rate which appears on the relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that 
the relevant level of the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Screen Page or 
the relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of such Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on such Underlying Valuation Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations (rounded upward or 
downwards, if necessary, to the Quotation Rounding), 
PROVIDED THAT, if fewer than two such quotations are provided as 
requested under paragraph 1(a) above, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of 
such Underlying Valuation Date in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day (any such 
determination made pursuant to this Reference Rate Linked Condition 1 shall 
be notified to Investors in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices)); 
or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has determined, in its reasonable discretion, that an Underlying 
Event has occurred, notwithstanding the provisions above in paragraphs 1(a) and (b) 
above, it is entitled: 
(i) 
if a successor reference rate has been determined for the respective Reference 
Rate by a public announcement issued by the administrator of the respective 
Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory and/or supervisory 
authority or a successor administrator, to set such rate as the successor 
reference rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and to use it instead of the 
respective Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date and on 
any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate has not been determined by such 
announcement, to set as the successor reference rate a rate which is 
comparable to the respective Reference Rate at its reasonable discretion and 
taking into account market practices (the "Successor Reference Rate") and 
to use such Successor Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products, where, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate rate exists which is 
generally accepted in the financial sector as the Successor Reference Rate for 
the respective Underlying and/or Basket Component, it will set such rate as 
the Successor Reference Rate for the Products and will use that Successor 
Reference Rate for the Products on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date,

--- Page 350 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
349 
 
PROVIDED THAT, in the event that a Successor Reference Rate is 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to subparagraphs (i) or (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine in its reasonable 
discretion the method for periodically determining the amount of the 
Successor Reference Rate and, if necessary, to make adjustments to the 
provisions of the Conditions on which the Products are based with respect to 
the calculation of the Successor Reference Rate and the Coupon and the 
redemption of the Products in general, provided that only such adjustments 
are made that do not result in an economic disadvantage to the Investor. The 
determination of a Successor Reference Rate and any adjustments to the 
Conditions on which the Products are based pursuant to the preceding 
paragraphs as well as the respective effective dates thereof shall be announced 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) no determination as described in (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result; or (b) in the case 
of an Underlying Event, it is not possible to determine a Successor Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving 
not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it 
an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices).  
2. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no determination as described in (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 16 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Screen Page on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Reference 
Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Reference Rate:

--- Page 351 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
350 
 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of positions, contracts, instruments or arrangements in relation to a 
Reference Rate or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliates or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any relevant day, the Screen Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate and such day: 
"Quotation Rounding" means the rounding specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Reference Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions, each interest rate or reference rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate for such Reference Rate, as 
displayed on the Screen Page, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Screen Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Reference Rate, the relevant rate of such 
Reference Rate displayed on the relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions 
"Underlying Event" means (a) any permanent and final termination of the determination, 
provision or publication of the relevant Reference Rate by any administrator in circumstances 
where no successor administrator exists, or any other permanent and final discontinuation of the 
existence of the respective Underlying and/or Basket Component or (b) a material change in the 
methodology of determining or calculating the relevant rate of the respective Reference Rate as 
compared to the methodology used at the Issue Date if such change results in the respective rate,

--- Page 352 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
351 
 
calculated in accordance with the new methodology, no longer representing, or being apt to 
represent adequately, the (original) rate or in terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the (original) rate determined or calculated in accordance with the methodology 
used at the Issue Date or (c) the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any 
administrative or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the relevant 
rate may no longer be used to determine the payment obligations under the Products, or pursuant 
to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a Business Day. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Fixing Averaging Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, 
each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In 
Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on 
which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the 
level of a Reference Rate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference 
Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 353 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
352 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS / PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Final Terms in relation to each issuance of Products (other than Exempt Products) or the Pricing 
Supplement in relation to each issuance of Exempt Products for each Series will include such of the 
following information as is applicable with respect to such Products. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Products are not intended, to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, any retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Insert the following (on first page) if intend to continue an offer following the expiry of the current Base 
Prospectus in accordance with PR Art 8(11): The Base Prospectus (as defined below) expires on 
25 September 2023. On or prior to [this date][insert earlier date if the update is brought forward], a 
succeeding base prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Leonteq 
Securities, AG (www.leonteq.com). Thereafter, the offering of the Products will continue under the 2023 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions (and form of final terms) from the Base Prospectus will be 
incorporated by reference into the 2023 Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the Products.] 
 
[FINAL TERMS] [PRICING SUPPLEMENT] dated [] 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
(incorporated in Guernsey) 
[Legal Entity Identifier: 549300L24J81P1RBL748] 
Guaranteed by 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
 [Up 
to] 
[

] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal 
Tracker)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased Downside Risk]]]/[Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier [with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]/[(Bonus Outperformance with Lock-In)]]]/[Reverse 
Convertible Products (Single Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of 
Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American

--- Page 354 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
353 
 
Barrier]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products 
with 
American 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency 
Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside in Alternative Currency 
Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with no FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying 
with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with 
no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX 
(Notional 
Units))]/[(Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call 
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish 
Mini Future Product)]/[(Bearish Mini Future Product)][(Single Underlying Smart)][(Leverage 
Tracker 
Product)]]/[Leverage 
Certificate 
Products]/[Outperformance 
Product 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag feauture]/[Long/Short Product[with no 
Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee Deduction]/[with Outperformance 
Particiaption]]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product 
with 
Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener Product with 
Single Look (Warrant)]] due [] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme [the 
["[Certificates]/[Notes]" or the] "Products"]/[(to be consolidated and to form a single series with 
the [] Products due [], and issued on [][, the [] Products due [], and issued on []] [and the [
] Products due [], and issued on []] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme 
(the Tranche [] Products [and Tranche [] Products]))]  
[Issue Price: [] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: []] 
[Series: []] 
[Tranche: []] 
[Insert in case of Final Terms:  
This document constitutes the final terms of the Products (the "Final Terms") [Insert if the Final Terms 
is filed in the EEA alone or in conjunction with a non-EEA jurisdiction] [described herein for the purposes 
of Article 6(3) of the EU Prospectus Regulation] and is prepared in connection with the European 
Issuance and Offering Programme (the "Programme") established by EFG International Finance 
(Guernsey) Limited (the "Issuer"). These Final Terms complete and should be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 September 2022[, as supplemented on []] (the "Base Prospectus"), which 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Products is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the individual issue of the Products is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] 
The Products documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and are not subject

--- Page 355 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
354 
 
to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None of the Products 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the 
supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided 
under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus, 
and 
any 
supplements 
thereto, 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
athttps://structuredproducts-ie.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses.Terms used herein shall have the 
same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the applicable Underlying 
Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date]) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus.  
[These Final Terms relate to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific Provisions 
for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Series of Products that are subject to these Final Terms and references to "Product" shall be construed 
accordingly.]] 
[Insert in case of Pricing Supplement:  
[Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
and the applicable Underlying Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and 
including, [insert Issue Date] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 September 2022 [and the 
supplement(s) dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus]) 
(the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Products described 
herein. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Products] is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The Base 
Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for inspection during the usual 
business hours at [Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, Zurich, Switzerland. In addition thereto, the 
documents will be published in electronic form on the website www.leonteq.com. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 6(3) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Products in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Products on behalf of the Issuer 
nor the Lead Manager in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed 
that any application will be made) for listing the Products on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU). 
The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement may be considered structured products in 
Switzerland pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and 
are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None 
of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation 
nor the supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer.

--- Page 356 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
355 
 
[Insert for each offer in Switzerland. Note that Exempt Products may not be offered to Retail Clients in 
Switzerland.] [The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement are not being offered, sold or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -
kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any 
offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The 
offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private 
placement by addressing the Products solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle 
Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Professional or 
Institutional Clients").]  
[This Pricing Supplement relates to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific 
Provisions for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Series of Products that are subject to this Pricing Supplement and references to "Product" 
shall be construed accordingly.]]

--- Page 357 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
356 
 
(Where the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, respectively, cover two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for all variables which will differ 
across the different series. The relevant line item for any such variable contained in the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, respectively, below the table entitled 'Specified 
Provisions for each Series' should include the following language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific Provisions for each Series' above") 
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other security 
code] 
[Series] 
[Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at the 
Issue Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]]

--- Page 358 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
357 
 
PART A - OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Security Codes: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Other Identifier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify 
other; 
give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s)) [] 
3. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Tranche [] Products[, 
the Tranche [] Products] [and the Tranche [
] Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products [, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [ ] Products] 
until such time as the clearing systems 
recognise the Products to be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products[, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[ ] [Investment Currency should only be 
chosen where Dual Currency Products is 
applicable.]  
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having the form of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[]

--- Page 359 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
358 
 
8. 
Certificates: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: Number 
of Products]/[Insert for Notional 
Certificates: Issue Size as at the Issue 
Date]: 
[Up to] [] [Certificates] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[ ] (Insert for Notional Certificates, 
otherwise delete) 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[[] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ] per cent. of the [Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from []]] / 
[[Up to] [ ] per Certificate [plus accrued 
interest from [ ]][(including up to [*] 
distribution 
fees)[(no 
distribution 
fees 
included)]] 
[ ] (Insert applicable information on 
expenses contained in the price here or under 
6.2(m)) 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[]/[[] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing 
Date and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing 
Date][(or if such date falls on different dates 
for different Underlyings, the latest of such 
dates to occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 33 (Tracker Products) below] 
13. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment date for the relevant interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product 
is quoted without the entitlement to the 
payment 
of 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 360 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
359 
 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
17. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
18. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable]  
19. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US 
withholding tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer 
has determined that payments on the Products 
are subject to US withholding tax under 
section 871(m)] / [Not Applicable]  
Provisions relating to Payouts 
20. 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(c) 
Specific 
Coupon 
Style 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual, DCF 
Accrual, Single Observation, Daily Average 
Accrual or Leverage Product. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF Accrual]/[Single Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual]/[Leverage Product] 
 
(ii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of 
[], [] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment

--- Page 361 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
360 
 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
(iii) 
Single Observation Daily: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Single Observation Daily. If 
Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of 
[], [] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)]

--- Page 362 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
361 
 
 
(iv) 
Daily Average Accrual: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Daily Average Accrual. If 
Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of 
[], [] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Observation 
 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
(v) 
Leverage 
Product 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Leverage Product. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment [each of [], [] 
and [ ]]/[ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 363 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
362 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(d) 
Conditional Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ]], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] [per annum]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in 
the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 364 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
363 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Coupon Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
[of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[their 
respective] 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [[the]/[each] Underlying[s] 
and] 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] [of such Underlying]] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [[the]/[each] Underlying[s] 
and] 
a 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date

--- Page 365 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
364 
 
[corresponding to a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] percentage of the [Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon 
Trigger Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 366 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
365 
 
 
(e) 
Daily 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ]], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(ii) 
Coupon  
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
[AND 
[below]/[at or below] the Upper Coupon 
Trigger Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
(A) 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One

--- Page 367 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
366 
 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or 
below] [the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level] on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or 
below] [the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level] on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [[the]/[each] Underlying[s] 
and] 
a 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] percentage of the [Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(vi) 
Upper 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [[the]/[each] Underlying[s] 
and] 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of []] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level] 
[of 
such 
Underlying]][Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [[the]/[each] Underlying[s] 
and] 
a 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] percentage of the [Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(f) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 368 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
367 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon Accrual]/[Coupon Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] [per annum] 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon 
Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
1.3 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Amount. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
[Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level', 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' or 'Coupon 
Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment Dates)

--- Page 369 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
368 
 
21. 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Autocall Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark 
Autocallable][Autocall 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
Applicable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
- 
Autocall Coupon Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
 
[- 
Minimum Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(b) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(c) 
Autocall Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of 
[], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 370 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
369 
 
 
(d) 
Autocall Observation Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(e) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
[Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level 
[on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date]/[in respect of any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Autocall 
Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of 
all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert for Products linked to Basket 
Dispersion: Basket Dispersion is [below]/[at 
or below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]/[in respect of any 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in the relevant Autocall Observation 
Period]]

--- Page 371 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
370 
 
 
(f) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[[the]/[each] 
[Spread] 
Underlying[s] 
and] 
each 
[Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], [Indicatively, ][ ] [per cent.][, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] [of the] [Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Initial 
Spread Level] [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
[Spread] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the 
[amount]/[percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Initial 
Spread Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in 
the row corresponding to such [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period]] 
 
(h) 
Autocall 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall 
Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
22. 
Issuer Call Option Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 372 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
371 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[]/[Each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Exercise Date(s)' in the Issuer Call Option 
Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Notice Period: 
[[] Business Day[s]][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each Product 
for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term), the day specified 
as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each Product 
for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term), the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date] 
 
(v) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
[[ ] Business Days following the Final 
Fixing Date]/[]/[In respect of an Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date, the date 
set forth in column entitled 'Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in the 
Issuer Call Option Table below] 
 
(vi) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[]/[In respect of an Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date, 
the amount specified in the column entitled 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Amount' in the row corresponding to such 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date in the Issuer Call Option Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Issuer Call Option Table*] 
 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(b) 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended)  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(iii) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option

--- Page 373 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
372 
 
(Open Ended), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Redemption Notice. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended), the Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Redemption Date. 
 
(v) 
Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Issuer Call Option Table] 
 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise 
Date(s) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open 
Ended) 
Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
23. 
Investor Put Option Provision: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[]/[Each date specified in the column 
entitled Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) 
Exercise Date(s)' in the Investor Put Option 
Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(iii) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each Product 
for which the Investor has exercised its 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), [ ] 
Scheduled Trading Days following the day on 
which the Paying Agent has received the duly 
completed and signed Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Notice]. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each Product 
for which the Investor has exercised its 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), the 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date] 
 
(v) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the Final 
Fixing Date]/[]/[In respect of an Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date, the 
date set forth in column entitled Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Investor Put

--- Page 374 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
373 
 
Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in the 
Investor Put Option Table below] 
 
(vi) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(b) 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(iii) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended), [] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying Agent 
has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open 
Ended) 
Redemption Notice.  
 
(iv) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended), the Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) Redemption Date. 
 
(v) 
Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Investor Put Option Table] 
 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
24. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[As specified in the table 
below]

--- Page 375 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
374 
 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date 
scheduled to fall on []], []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
] 
25. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield Enhancement Products]/[Twin Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual Currency Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener Product] 
26. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American Barrier]/[American Barrier 
with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation 
and 
High 
Strike]/[American Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk]/[Without Barrier]/[Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant

--- Page 376 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
375 
 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
 
[- 
FX Rate (Initial) 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [●] 
[on the Initial Fixing Date [of such 
Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [
]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [Barrier Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying] [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier

--- Page 377 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
376 
 
Observation Period]]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
[Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] Level of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] [and none 
of the Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target Level]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [In respect of any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Barrier Levels]/[If the 
number of Underlyings in respect of which 
the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation 
Period 
has 
been 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respect 
Barrier Levels is at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings]]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Final Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products)

--- Page 378 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
377 
 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s],] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike 
Basket Level or Twin Win Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[below]/[at 
or

--- Page 379 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
378 
 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the [Strike 
Barrier Level]] 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the [Worst] [Best] 
Performing Underlying] [excluding the 
Target One Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Not Applicable – 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying]/[the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying]/[the Strike Level of such 
Underlying]] 
[[[Indicatively, [[] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[The Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The 
Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European 
Barrier with Return, American Barrier with

--- Page 380 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
379 
 
Return and Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation: Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s],] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-
In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on any Lock-In 
Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 381 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
380 
 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target One Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Target 
One 
Underlying: 
[Insert 
name 
of 
Underlying]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
its respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target One Barrier Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Target One Event) 
 
[- 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
Target 
One 
Barrier 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Target 
One Barrier Observation Period

--- Page 382 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
381 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]/[Insert the name of the relevant 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Target One Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier 
with Return, American Barrier with Return 
and 
Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation and an option for European 
Barrier with Inverse Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 383 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
382 
 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference

--- Page 384 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
383 
 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph and 
the following sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []]

--- Page 385 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
384 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
27. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[European 
Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win 
Products: Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win 
Products: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] 
(If Product is a European Barrier Twin Win

--- Page 386 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
385 
 
Product 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s],] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Basket 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket 
Level or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at 
or below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of 
[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlyings]/[the [Worst]/[Best] Performing 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level]

--- Page 387 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
386 
 
 
- 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[- 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s],] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] (If not required 
for definition of Final Performance delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish)) 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products]

--- Page 388 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
387 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this and the following sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in

--- Page 389 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
388 
 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
28. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date)

--- Page 390 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
389 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
 
- Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
29. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with 
Twin Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and 
Low Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Strike Event]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Upside Participation]/[Protection without 
Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying 
and 
Product 
Direction 
is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Level of the

--- Page 391 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
390 
 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the 
Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Level]]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at 
or above] the Upper Barrier Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Level]] on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket 
Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its respective Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of 
at least one Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period]/[ Final Basket Return is [above]/[at or 
above] the Barrier Event Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Basket Level of the 
[Worst]/[Best] Performing Underlying is 
[[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier 
Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Basket Level is [[above]/[at or above] 
the 
Upper 
Barrier 
Basket 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Basket Level] on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] / [Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] its 
respective 
Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] its respective Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation 
Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Barrier Event) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share]

--- Page 392 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
391 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier 
[Event][Basket] 
Level: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s],] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Event, a Twin Win 
Event, a Strike Event or for the definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Only 
applicable if required for Products linked to 
a weighted basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of 
[] per cent.]

--- Page 393 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
392 
 
 
(viii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial 
Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Strike Level (Best)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable]

--- Page 394 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
393 
 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final 
Return 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 395 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
394 
 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above] Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Initial Fixing Level]/[ Final Fixing 
Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with 
Twin Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above] its Strike Barrier Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Strike Barrier Level]/[ Final Basket 
Return is [above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Event Basket Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with 
Barrier 
and 
Strike 
Event' 
and 
'Protection without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying]

--- Page 396 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
395 
 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[][and a maximum of []]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
30. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation]/[American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside Cap and Downside Cap]/[Bonus 
Outperformance with Lock-In] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement]

--- Page 397 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
396 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(f) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Bonus 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products are European Barrier Bonus 
Products 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index

--- Page 398 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
397 
 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus 
Basket Level, Final Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings unless the Bonus Product 
Style is European Barrier with Bonus Cap or 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final 
Fixing Level of the [Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its respective Bonus Level]/[Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of

--- Page 399 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
398 
 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation], 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap: 
Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Strike Level 
In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance)

--- Page 400 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
399 
 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance) 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Strike 
Level]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the 
definition 
of 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside)) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]

--- Page 401 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
400 
 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the 
definition 
of 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside)) 
 
(viii) 
Final Performance (Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance (Upside)) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance, Final 
Performance 
(Downside) 
or 
Final 
Performance (Upside))

--- Page 402 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
401 
 
 
(ix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
Bonus Outperformance with Lock-In) 
 
[- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(x) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(xi) 
Outperformance Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(xii) 
Normal Performance Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Normal Performance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(xiii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap) 
 
(xiv) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation) 
 
(xvi) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 403 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
402 
 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is 
American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xvii) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap) 
 
(xviii) Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-
In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A 
Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect 
of each Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In 
Event" means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any 
Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 404 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
403 
 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level)

--- Page 405 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
404 
 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue 
Terms) 
31. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement]

--- Page 406 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
405 
 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for 
a Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings or for a Spread 
Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR 
Performance Redemption – Below]/[Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 407 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
406 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(f) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 408 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
407 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 409 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
408 
 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[]/[As specified in the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] 
[or] [a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 
1 or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Autocall Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(a) 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(b) 
Underlying Fixing Level−Strike Lev
Initial Fixing Level
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [ ] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Spread Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a

--- Page 410 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
409 
 
maximum of [ ] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]] 
32. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style: 
 
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/ 
[European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside': Barrier Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': or 
'European Barrier and Participation' Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the

--- Page 411 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
410 
 
Underlying]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier [Basket] Level]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
 
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event:-  
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier: [In respect 
of any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in 
respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period has been [below]/[at or 
below] their respect Barrier Levels is at least 
equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier 
Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European Barrier: Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier' or 'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading

--- Page 412 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
411 
 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Final Performance or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the Worst 
Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] 
Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': Not 
Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier and 
Participation': Not Applicable - Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier and Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying,] 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]

--- Page 413 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
412 
 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
Level]//[Underlying Performance (Long) – 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short)]/[Final 
Return]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided 
by the Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst) divided by the Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following 2 sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European Barrier and Participation' or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Performance (Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Long)

--- Page 414 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
413 
 
 
- 
Underlying 
Performance (Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Short) 
 
- 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
- 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-
In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A 
Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect 
of each Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In 
Event" means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any 
Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery

--- Page 415 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
414 
 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage Final Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: 
(c) 
Strike Level−Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
(i) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level−Final F
Initial Fixing Basket 
] 
/[ 
(ii) 
Strike Level (Worst)−Final Fixing
Initial Fixing Level (Wo
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 416 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
415 
 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 417 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
416 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
33. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto FX and 
no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single

--- Page 418 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
417 
 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with no FX and 
no Dividends]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption]/ [Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
Smart]/[Leverage Tracker] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or

--- Page 419 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
418 
 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product Style 
is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement Price]/[NAV] on such 
Dividend 
Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividend', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 420 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
419 
 
 
[- Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [ ] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(E) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period] [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in

--- Page 421 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
420 
 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and []] the FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 
'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- Management Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(J) 
Dividend 
Reinvestment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends'. If Not Applicable

--- Page 422 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
421 
 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(B) 
Tracker Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [], [] 
and [] 
 
(D) 
Management Fee Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
- 
Management 
Fee: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- Performance Fee: 
[] per cent. 
 
Hurdle Rate: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date]

--- Page 423 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
422 
 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [ ] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(G) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style 
is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
(iii) 
Single 
Underlying 
Smart 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Single Underlying Smart) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 424 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
423 
 
 
(A) 
Smart Coupon Rate: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Weight (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
 
(C) 
Weight Trigger Event: 
In respect of a Weight Observation Period, 
the Level of the Underlying on an Exchange 
Business 
Day 
during 
such 
Weight 
Observation Period is [above]/[at or above] 
the respective Weight Trigger Leveli 
 
(D) 
Further specifications: 
 
 
 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], []] 
 
 
Weight 
Observation 
Period: 
Weight Trigger Leveli: 
Weight (Additional): 
 
 
[] 
[[ ] [, being [ ] per 
cent. per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level]]/[In 
respect 
of 
the 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per 
cent.[, 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum of [ ] per 
cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] per 
annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(E) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Financing Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Leverage Tracker Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A)- 
Financing Amount: 
[] 
34. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency]

--- Page 425 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
424 
 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[] [, being [] per cent. per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the 
Underlying, [Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[E
urobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
35. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(iv) 
Conversion Ratio (Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 426 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
425 
 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
– 
the 
Downside 
Settlement 
Type 
is 
Cash 
Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
Delivery Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
- 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified 
Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
 
- 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
- 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable 
36. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product] ]/[Call Warrant 
Products 
with 
Lock-In 
Feature]/[Call 
Warrant Products with High Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put Warrant Product]/[Call 
Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product]/[Bullish Mini Future 
Product]/[Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product]/[Leverage Certificate Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at

--- Page 427 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
426 
 
or above] the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level is [above][at or above] the 
Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the 
Worst 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for 
Put Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[below][at or below] the Strike Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Best Performing 
Underlying is [below][at or below] the Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant Products 
with High Watermark Redemption, Bullish 
Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
 
[- 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level; 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level][Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 428 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
427 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph)  
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant Product Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and 
Put Warrant Products. Not Applicable 
otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket 
Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(D) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 429 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
428 
 
 
Cap 
Percentage
: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First Lock-In Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [ ] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation Dates Type 1]/ [Observation 
Dates Type 2]/[Observation Periods Type 1]/ 
[Observation 
Periods 
Type 
2]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]]

--- Page 430 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
429 
 
 
(B) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market 
Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period 
 
(C) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Knock-Out Call Warrant 
Products and Knock-Out Put Warrant 
Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Knock-Out Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level 
of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out 
Observation Period is [above]/[at or above] 
the Knock-Out Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [below]/[at or below] the Knock-
Out Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 431 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
430 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: 
Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on 
any Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop 
Loss Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish 
Mini Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation Period] 
 
(B) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per

--- Page 432 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
431 
 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(F) 
Conversion Ratio (Mini 
Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage Certificate Products: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
for 
Leverage 
Certificate 
Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Financing Amount: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Total 
Financing 
cost: 
 
 
- 
Financing Rate: 
[] 
 
- 
DCF: 
[]  
 
(C) 
Strike Percentage: 
[] 
37. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with 
Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings)

--- Page 433 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
432 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its Strike Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level]] 
 
- 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is 
required for the definition of Strike Event) 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such 
Underlying]/[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike Level]] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[][and a maximum of []]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 434 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
433 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Underlying]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
zero (0)]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance with Participation]': Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]

--- Page 435 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
434 
 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] 
 
(viii) Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]]

--- Page 436 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
435 
 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish 
Final Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket 
Return (Strike)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless 'Outperformance 
Product Style' is 'Outperformance with 
Airbag feature')) 
 
(xiii) Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
(xiv) Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Performance): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Return): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 437 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
436 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Settlement Initial Level delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 438 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
437 
 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
38. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short Product with 
Management Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is 
specified to be Single Underlying)) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert 
name of each Underlying that is a part of the 
Long Underlying basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert

--- Page 439 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
438 
 
name of each Underlying that is part of the 
Short Underlying basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Barrier 
Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] of the Initial Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Basket of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level 
– LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level 
- LS Strike Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing 
Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index

--- Page 440 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
439 
 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 441 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
440 
 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
[
t
360]/[
actual
365 ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
39. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
40. 
Steepener Products:

--- Page 442 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
441 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener 
(Warrant)]/[Single 
Look 
(Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and []

--- Page 443 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
442 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(e) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] 
[or] [Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Coupon Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/  
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(h) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]] 
 
(i) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage:  
[Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(j) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 444 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
443 
 
 
(k) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum 
of 
[
] 
per 
cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying[s]:
] 
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:] 
[[Underlying] 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date:] 
[ ] (Insert relevant 
Level as defined in the 
relevant 
Payout 
Conditions and as 
specified 
in 
this 
Pricing Supplement. 
Repeat as necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Service 
Provider(s)][:] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary or remove in case there is no Underlying.) 
41. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 445 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
444 
 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name 
of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the 
[Closing Share Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Share]] 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name 
of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period]/[each Initial 
Fixing Averaging Date] [for such Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 33 (Tracker Products) above]

--- Page 446 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
445 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], [Opening Share Price]/[Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
42. 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
[

]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Certificate]

--- Page 447 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
446 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify 
number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ [Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Participation 
Certificate] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] ]/[each Initial 
Fixing 
Averaging 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level)

--- Page 448 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
447 
 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 33 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and []

--- Page 449 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
448 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
43. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Proprietary 
Index][Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Index Sponsor(s)' in the row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Index Linked Condition 6 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Index]] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index

--- Page 450 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
449 
 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period]/[each Initial Fixing Averaging Date] 
[for such Index]] 
 (Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 33 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], [Closing Index Level]/[Opening 
Index Level]/[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Index]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level)

--- Page 451 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
450 
 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
44. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], []

--- Page 452 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
451 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Depositary 
Receipt] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period]/[each Initial Fixing 
Averaging Date] [for such Depositary 
Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 33 (Tracker Products) above]

--- Page 453 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
452 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
45. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)'

--- Page 454 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
453 
 
in 
the 
same 
row 
as 
the 
relevant 
Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], the Commodity Reference 
Price on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period]/[each 
Initial Fixing Averaging Date] [for such 
Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity)

--- Page 455 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
454 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 33 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity 
Reference Price on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
46. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 456 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
455 
 
 
(c) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(f) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(g) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(h) 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross

--- Page 457 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
456 
 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(l) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Currency 
Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period]/[each 
Initial Fixing Averaging Date] [for such 
Currency Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 458 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
457 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended or Fixed  Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 33 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(n) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Currency 
Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
47. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures 
Contract Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 459 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
458 
 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[Each futures contract set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(d) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(e) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 460 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
459 
 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Futures Contract] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Intraday 
Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period]/[each Initial Fixing Averaging Date] 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures

--- Page 461 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
460 
 
Contract], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended or 
Fixed Term Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 33 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
48. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products] 
[and] 
[Derivative 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fixed Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fixed 
Rate Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Fixed Rate 
Instrument], []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the

--- Page 462 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
461 
 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [Opening Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Instrument 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period]/[each Initial Fixing Averaging Date] 
[for such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level)

--- Page 463 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
462 
 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed Term 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 33 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
49. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each 
ETF share set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)']

--- Page 464 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
463 
 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
- 
Fund 
Reference 
Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(g) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time]/[the NAV] 
on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such ETF Share]

--- Page 465 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
464 
 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time]/[the NAV] on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period]/[each 
Initial Fixing Averaging Date] [for such ETF 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[Insert 
for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 33 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time]/[the NAV] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time]/[the NAV] on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share)

--- Page 466 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
465 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
50. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each 
fund unit set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and 
such relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the 
NAV 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Fund Unit]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation

--- Page 467 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
466 
 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period]/[each Initial Fixing 
Averaging Date] [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ]]/[Insert 
for Open Ended or Fixed Term Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 33 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the NAV on 
the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
51. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference 
Rate Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If

--- Page 468 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
467 
 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[Each reference rate set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table above in the column entitled 'Screen 
Page(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], rounded to the nearest [ ] decimal 
place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate)

--- Page 469 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
468 
 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Reference Rate]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period]/[each Initial Fixing 
Averaging Date] [for such Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[Insert for Open Ended or Fixed 
Term Tracker Products: As specified in item 
33 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], the 
Screen Rate on the Final Fixing Date]

--- Page 470 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
469 
 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
General provisions 
52. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities]  
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert 
if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event] 
[Insert 
if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated 
form in accordance with article 973c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a 
permanent global certificate in accordance 
with article 973b of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[Uncertificated SIX SIS Securities] 
53. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of these 
Final Terms]/[Not Applicable] 
54. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable]/ [Not Applicable] 
55. 
Business Centre(s): 
[][Not Applicable]

--- Page 471 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
470 
 
56. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment]1 
57. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 
23 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
58. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to [insert number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify percentage or value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
59. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
60. 
Paying Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
61. 
Additional Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
62. 
Notice Website: 
[] 
63. 
[Name(s)] 
[and 
address(es)] 
of 
Lead 
Manager [and Dealer(s)] [and underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 
8004 Zurich, Switzerland] 
[] [Not Applicable] 
64. 
Governing Law: 
[English law] [Swiss law] 
 
 
 
                                                          
1  
Do not insert " Nearest", "Preceding", "Modified Preceding" or "No Adjustment" where Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant 
Clearing System.

--- Page 472 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
471 
 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to 
be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Products to be [listed and] [admitted to 
trading on] the [multilateral trading facility 
of 
securitised 
derivative 
financial 
instruments 
(the 
"SeDeX 
Market") 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[multilateral 
trading 
facility 
Spectrum 
Markets]/[multilateral 
trading 
facility Hi-MTF (managed by Hi-MTF SIM 
S.p.A)]/[multilateral 
trading 
facility 
EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX SIM 
S.p.A)]/[Hi-Cert market segment of the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
Hi-Mtf 
(organised and managed by Hi-Mtf Sim 
S.p.A.)]/[Spectrum 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
(organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Spectrum MTF Operator GmbH)]/[Open 
Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[ ]. [The 
Tranche [ ] Products[, Tranche [ ] 
Products][ and Tranche [] Products] were 
[listed and] [admitted to trading] on [the 
multilateral trading facility of the SeDeX 
Market (organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A)]/[the multilateral trading 
facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[ ] on or 
around [][,[]][and [], respectively] 
 
 
[The Products shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products [, the Tranche [ ] 
Products][or the Tranche [] Products] until 
such time as the Products are [listed] [and] 
[admitted to trading] as indicated above.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:2 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually 
rated.] 
 
 
[The Products to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: []] 
                                                          
2 
Only required for products with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 473 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
472 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[]3 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,][AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer:4 
[][General funding]  
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] [Not Applicable]5 
 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses:6 
[] [Not Applicable – there are no estimated 
expenses charged to the Investor by the 
Issuer] [Expenses shall be allocated by each 
major purpose and presented in order of 
priority of those purposes: []]  
[Insert in case of Final Terms:  
5. 
[PERFORMANCE 
OF 
UNDERLYING[S], 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING[S]] 
 
Details of the past performance of the Underlying[s] and other information concerning the 
Underlying[s] may be obtained [free of charge/for a fee] from [][[Bloomberg Screen][Reuters 
Screen Page] []: '[]'] [and] [www.[]] but the information appearing on such website does 
not form part of these Final Terms. 
 
Index Disclaimer[s]: []/[See Schedule hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
[[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER]7 
6.1 
Authorised Offer(s) 
 
 
(a) 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Products 
may be made, subject to the conditions set 
out below by the Authorised Offeror(s) 
(specified in (b) immediately below) other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) (specified in (c) immediately 
below) during the Offer Period (specified in 
(d) immediately below) subject to the 
                                                          
3 
Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3. 
4 
Only required in case of public offer and only for products with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
5 
Not applicable in case of products, such as warrants, which do not have a Notional Amount. 
6 
Only required in case of public offer and only for products with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
7 
Only required in case of public offer and only for products with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 474 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
473 
 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and 
in (e) immediately below] 
 
(b) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place (together the "Authorised 
Offeror(s)"): 
Each financial intermediary specified in (i) 
and (ii) below: 
(i) 
Specific consent: [[] (the "Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)")] 
[and 
each 
financial 
intermediary 
expressly named as an Authorised 
Offeror on the website of Leonteq 
Securities AG (www.leonteq.com)]; 
and 
 
 
(ii) 
General 
consent: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable: 
each 
financial intermediary which (A) is 
authorised to make such offers 
under Directive 2014/65/EU, and 
(B) accepts such offer by publishing 
on its website the Acceptance 
Statement] 
 
(c) 
Jurisdiction(s) where the offer may 
take place (together, the "Public 
Offer Jurisdictions(s)"): 
[Ireland][Italy]  
 
(d) 
Offer period for which use of the Base 
Prospectus is authorised by the 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Other conditions for use of the Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
[ ] [[ ], in relation to those Authorised 
Offeror(s) specified in (b)(ii) above only] 
[Not Applicable] 
6.2 
Other terms and conditions of the offer 
 
 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[The Issue Price]/[[]]/[[] (being the Issue 
Price plus an Initial Load of [])] 
 
(b) 
Total amount of offer: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the 
application process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[The [minimum]/[maximum] amount of 
application which can be subscribed by the 
relevant Investors is [ ]] [There is no 
[minimum]/[maximum] 
amount 
of 
application] [Not Applicable] [] 
 
(g) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 475 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
474 
 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
 
(h) 
Details of method and time limits for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering 
the 
Products: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
(m) 
Product 
specific 
initial 
costs, 
inducements/fees contained in the 
Issue Price: 
[ ][The product specific initial costs 
contained in the issue price amount to 
[approx.] [Insert details].]/[The inducements 
contained in the Issue Price amount to 
[approx.] 
[Insert 
details].]/[The 
Issuer 
and/or the Lead Manager may offer the 
Exempt Products to FIs (i) at a discount or 
(ii) at the Issue Price but transfer to FIs some 
[Relevant 
Fees]/[Significant 
Fees]/[Substantial Fees]/[] (include only in 
case of Exempt Offers)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Name(s) and address(es), legal entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and 
country of incorporation, to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
] 
7.8 
BENCHMARK REGULATION: 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] 
is provided by [administrator legal name] 
[repeat as necessary]. [As at the date of these 
Final Terms, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [administrator legal name] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
                                                          
8 
Adjust number in case of a Pricing Supplement to 5.

--- Page 476 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
475 
 
European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 9 
INFORMATION IN RELATION WITH 
ESG/SUSTAINABILITY FEATURES: 
Product 
with 
ESG 
objectives: 
[Applicable]/[if applicable, insert relevant 
information 
in 
relation 
with 
ESG/sustainability features, e.g. in relation 
to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of 27 
November 2019 on sustainability‐related 
disclosures in the financial services sector 
and/or a regulation on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer] 
By: ……………………………………….  
Duly authorised] 
                                                          
9 
Adjust number in case of a Pricing Supplement to 6.

--- Page 477 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
476 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuers understanding of the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject to 
change. 
Products held through a Relevant Clearing System 
Transfers of Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only through the 
Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Products to be transferred are held. Title will pass upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s) and in accordance with the 
local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such Relevant Clearing Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will be shown on, and transfers 
thereof will be effected through, records maintained by the Relevant Clearing System(s) and its 
respective participants.  
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg have published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interests in Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities among participants and 
accountholders of Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent or the Lead Manager will be responsible 
for any performance by Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Products represented by Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg customers 
are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg is available 
to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of 
either system. 
Monte Titoli 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") is an Italian public limited liability company which manages 
account operations and clearing activities for the Italian financial market. Monte Titoli is an authorised 
securities register pursuant to article 80 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 
as amended from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act"). Monte Titoli is part of the London 
Stock Exchange Group. 
SIX SIS AG 
SIX SIS AG is part of SIX Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository, SIX SIS AG 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody 
services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS AG settles securities transactions 
worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities.

--- Page 478 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
477 
 
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS AG is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money.

--- Page 479 ---
Taxation 
478 
 
TAXATION 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the investor is resident 
and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from 
the Products. 
The level and basis of taxation on the Products and on the investor depend on the investors 
individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the 
return received by the investor under the Product. 
1. 
General taxation information 
Transactions involving Products (including purchases, transfers and/or redemptions), the 
accrual or receipt of any interest or premium payable on the Products, the delivery of any 
entitlement and the death of a holder of any Product may have tax consequences for 
Investors which may depend, amongst other things, upon the tax residence and/or status 
of the Investor, the terms and conditions of the particular Product and the relevant law 
and practice of taxation authorities in relevant jurisdictions. Investors are therefore 
advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of transactions 
involving Products and the effect of any tax laws in any jurisdiction in which they may be 
tax resident or otherwise liable to tax. In particular, no representation is made as to the 
manner in which payments under the Products would be characterised by any relevant 
taxing authority. 
Purchasers and/or sellers of Products may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in 
addition to the issue price or purchase price (if different) of the Products and in connection with 
the transfer or delivery of any Underlying.  
Investors are referred to General Condition 5.5 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to 
settlement) and General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement). 
Terms defined in the sections below are defined for the purpose of the relevant section only.  
2. 
United States Taxation  
The following is an overview of certain of the material US federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Products by a non-US holder that has no 
connection to the United States other than holding the Products. For purposes of this section, a 
"non-US holder" is a beneficial owner of Products that is: (i) a non-resident alien individual for 
US federal income tax purposes; (ii) a foreign corporation for US federal income tax purposes; 
or (iii) an estate or trust whose income is not subject to US federal income tax on a net income 
basis. If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes) holds Products, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of 
the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. Investors that are not non-US holders or 
investors that are partnerships, should consult their tax advisers with regard to the US federal 
income tax considerations of an investment in the Products. 
This summary is based on interpretations of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code"), Treasury regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and decisions currently in effect 
(or in some cases proposed), all of which are subject to change. Any of those changes may be 
applied retroactively and may adversely affect the US federal income tax consequences 
described herein. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
application of US federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of Products arising under 
the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE US FEDERAL, 
STATE, LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF PRODUCTS.  
Withholding Under Section 871(m)

--- Page 480 ---
Taxation 
479 
 
Under section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial 
instrument that directly or indirectly references a US company may be treated as a "dividend 
equivalent" payment from sources within the United States. Such payments generally will be 
subject to US withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. The regulations provide that a payment 
includes a dividend equivalent payment whether there is an explicit or implicit reference to a 
dividend with respect to the underlying security. An underlying security is any interest in an 
entity if a payment with respect to that interest could give rise to a US source dividend. Certain 
exceptions may apply to an issue of Products that references an index that is treated as a 
"qualified index". 
Final regulations and administrative guidance provide that with respect to a financial instrument 
issued on or after 1 January 2017 and before 1 January 2023, an instrument that has a delta of 
one with respect to an underlying security will be subject to withholding. With respect to a 
financial instrument issued on or after 1 January 2023, (a) a "simple" financial instrument that 
has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect to an underlying security and (b) a "complex" financial 
instrument that meets the "substantial equivalence test" with respect to an underlying security 
will be subject to withholding under section 871(m). The delta of a simple instrument is 
determined, and the substantial equivalence test for a complex instrument is performed, on the 
earlier of the date that the financial instrument is priced and the date when the financial 
instrument is issued; however, the issue date must be used if the financial instrument is priced 
more than 14 calendar days before it is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence 
of Products that are sold or acquired after their initial issuance may, in certain cases, be required 
to be retested at the time of sale. If such Products are determined to be section 871(m) 
transactions, it is possible that all holders of Products, including holders of Products sold at their 
initial issuance, may be adversely affected if the Issuer or a withholding agent does not, or is 
unable to, identify and distinguish Products sold at initial issuance and thereafter. 
Certain events may cause previously issued Products to be deemed to be new issuances for 
purposes of the effective dates provided in the regulations. For example, it is possible that the 
IRS could assert that a reconstitution or rebalancing of an underlying basket or index is a 
significant modification of a Product due to an exercise of discretion with respect to such 
reconstitution or rebalancing and a deemed reissuance upon the occurrence of such event. It is 
also possible that US withholding tax could apply to the Products under these rules if a holder 
enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of the underlying equity or the 
Products. A holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of the underlying 
or the Products should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of section 871(m) 
to its Products in the context of its other transactions. 
Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends or, if otherwise notified by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable regulations, on estimated dividends used in pricing the 
Product. If a Product provides for any payments in addition to estimated dividends to reflect 
dividends on the underlying security, withholding will be based on total payments. If the 
Products are subject to withholding under section 871(m), information regarding the amount of 
each dividend equivalent and any other information necessary to apply the regulations in respect 
of such Products will be provided, communicated, or made available to holders of the Products 
in a manner permitted by the applicable regulations. Withholding tax may apply even where 
holders do not receive a concurrent payment on the Products in respect of dividends on a 
reference asset. US tax will be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment on the 
Products treated as a dividend equivalent. 
If payments on the Products are subject to withholding under section 871(m), the Issuer expects 
to withhold at 30 per cent. even if a holder is otherwise eligible for a reduction under an 
applicable treaty. Non-US holders that are entitled to a lower rate of withholding under a tax 
treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a US tax return. 
However, holders may not receive the necessary information to properly claim a refund for any 
withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the IRS may not credit 
a holder for withholding taxes remitted in respect of a Product for purposes of claiming a refund. 
Finally, a holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the holder to take a credit for US 
withholding taxes related to dividend equivalent amounts. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld.

--- Page 481 ---
Taxation 
480 
 
The relevant Issue Terms may indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Product is subject to 
withholding under section 871(m). Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on 
holders, it is not binding on the IRS. The IRS may successfully argue that a Product is subject 
to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. 
The section 871(m) regulations are extremely complex. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the US federal income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and 
regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments on the Products constitute 
dividend equivalent payments. 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the US Foreign Investment in Real 
Property Tax Act ("FIRPTA"), a Non-US Holder may be subject to US federal income tax on 
a disposition of a United States real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI 
may be an interest in US real property or an interest in a United States real property holding 
corporation (a "USRPHC") within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. However, an 
interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed generally 5 per cent. (10 per cent. in the case a real 
estate investment trust) of the corporation's regularly traded stock is not a USRPI, after taking 
into account shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, indirectly or 
constructively owned by such Non-US Holder. In addition, holding Products may also impact 
the taxation of such other shares or interests. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of 
shares that are components of an index or basket, is a USRPHC. If a Product is a USRPI, any 
gain from the disposition thereof generally would be subject to US federal income tax and 
required to be reported by the Non-US Holder on a US federal income tax return, and the amount 
realised on such disposition would in certain cases be subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per 
cent. Even if the Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurance that a withholding agent 
will not withhold in respect of a Product. A Non-US Holder may have US income tax liability 
that exceeds amounts withheld, if any. Neither the Issuer nor a withholding agent will pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability arising under section 897 
of the Code. Non-US Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application 
of section 897 to an investment in the Products. 
US Federal Estate Tax 
Products may be subject to US federal estate tax if an individual holds the Products at the time 
of his or her death. The gross estate of a holder domiciled outside the United States includes 
only property situated in the United States. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding 
the US federal estate tax consequences of holding the Products at death. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
A holder may be subject to backup withholding with respect to certain amounts paid to such 
holder unless it provides a correct taxpayer identification number, complies with certain 
certification procedures establishing that it is not a US person or establishes proof of another 
applicable exemption, and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup 
withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. A holder can claim a credit 
against its US federal income tax liability for amounts withheld under the backup withholding 
rules, and amounts in excess of its liability are refundable if such holder provides the required 
information to the IRS in a timely fashion. A holder may also be subject to information reporting 
to the IRS with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless it (1) provides a properly 
executed IRS Form W-8 (or other qualifying documentation) or (2) otherwise establishes a basis 
for exemption. If such withholding applies, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
FATCA 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
any US or non-US fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any

--- Page 482 ---
Taxation 
481 
 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Code or any other non-US tax information reporting regimes ("FATCA"), a 30 
per cent withholding tax may be imposed on "withholdable payments" and certain "passthru 
payments" made to (i) a "foreign financial institution" unless the financial institution complies 
with, among other things, certain information reporting and withholding obligations with 
respect to its accounts in accordance with applicable rules, and (ii) any other holder or beneficial 
owner that does not comply with the Issuer's or an intermediary financial institution's request 
for ownership certifications and identifying information. The failure to provide such 
information, or the failure of certain non-US financial institutions to comply with FATCA, may 
compel the Issuer or an intermediary to withhold 30 per cent. on payments on the Products to 
such holders. Neither the Issuer nor any other person will pay any additional amounts with 
respect to such withholding.  
Withholding under FATCA applies currently to "withholdable payments" and with respect to 
"foreign passthru payments," will apply no earlier than the date that is two years after the date 
on which final US Treasury regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the withholding provisions of FATCA discussed above 
generally will not apply to any obligation (other than an obligation that is treated as equity for 
US tax purposes or that lacks a stated expiration or term) that is outstanding on 30 June 2014 (a 
"grandfathered obligation"), unless the obligation is materially modified after such date. 
The discussion above reflects recently proposed US Treasury regulations. The US Treasury 
have indicated that taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are 
issued, and the discussion above assumes that the proposed regulations will be finalised in their 
current form.  
No assurance can be given that payments on the Products will not be subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Each potential investor in Products should consult its own tax advisor to 
determine how FATCA may affect an investment in the Products in such investor's particular 
circumstance.

--- Page 483 ---
Purchase and Sale 
482 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or the Lead Manager in 
any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products or possession or distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms in relation to any Products in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required (other than actions by the Issuer to 
meet the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
for offerings contemplated in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms). No offers, sales, resales or 
deliveries of any Products, or distribution of any offering material relating to any Products, may be made 
by the Lead Manager or any dealer ("Dealer") appointed by the Issuer or any other offeror in or from 
any jurisdiction and/or to any individual or entity except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer and/or 
the Lead Manager.  
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential 
investors to which the Products are intended to be offered are retail and institutional investors. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Lead Manager, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to agree that it will comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, and obtain all relevant consents, approvals or permissions, in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Products or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, and neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager 
shall have responsibility therefor.  
The Products may not be offered or sold to any person in breach of any sanctions program applicable to 
the Lead Manager or the Issuer or implemented by the Lead Manager or the Issuer, including, without 
limitation, sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, (including, without limitation, 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury ("OFAC") or the U.S. 
Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a "specially designated 
national" or "blocked person"), the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the State Secretariat for 
Economic Affairs ("SECO") of Switzerland or the Swiss Directorate of International Law, the European 
Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury ("HMT"), or other relevant sanctions authority, including any sanctions 
to prevent the circumvention of international sanctions in connection with the situation in Crimea and 
Ukraine (collectively, the "Sanctions").  
No investor in the Products 
• 
shall be a sanctioned person or owned more than 50% by a sanctioned person 
• 
shall be located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of 
Sanctions (each, a "Sanctioned Country"); 
• 
undertakes any material business with the government of, or any person, entity or other party 
located, domiciled, resident or incorporated in a Sanctioned Country;  
• 
will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds resulting from the Products, or lend, contribute or 
otherwise make available such proceeds to any entity, joint venture partner or other person or 
entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of 
such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any 
activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result 
in a violation by any person of Sanctions; and

--- Page 484 ---
Purchase and Sale 
483 
 
• 
for the past five years, has knowingly engaged in and is now knowingly engaged in any dealings 
or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject 
or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(g) 
if the Final Terms expressly specifies that an offer of those Products may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Public 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Products which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;  
(h) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(i) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the offeror nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(j) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Products referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer, or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression 'an offer of Products to the public' in relation to any 
Products in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "EEA Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 485 ---
Purchase and Sale 
484 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
Ireland  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has 
not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Products, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of the Products, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), 
including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules and codes of conduct made 
thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/989 (RTS 
Regulation), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) (as 
amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 by 
the Central Bank of Ireland;  
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(e) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(f) 
in relation to any Products with a maturity of less than one year, the terms of the Central Bank 
of Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD C 01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as 
may be amended, replaced or updated from time to time) issued pursuant to Section 8(2) of the 
Irish Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended); and 
(g) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment 
products (PRIIPs). 
Italy  
The offering of the Products has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial 
Regulator (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and therefore each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree that no Products has been offered, sold, promoted, advertised or otherwise 
made available and/or will be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or otherwise made available, directly 
or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document or offering material relating to the Products be issued, distributed, made 
available or advertised in the Republic of Italy unless: 
(a) 
the relevant Final Terms specify that a not Exempt offer may be made to the public in the 
Republic of Italy and that each offeror may offer, sell or deliver Products or distribute copies of 
any prospectus relating to the Products, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in 
another Member State and notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) 
expressly contemplating such non-exempt offer, in the twelve months period of validity of this 
Base Prospectus commencing on the date of its approval, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, under the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 as amended 
from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14th May, 1999, as amended from time to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 11971");

--- Page 486 ---
Purchase and Sale 
485 
 
(b) 
to "Qualified Investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, 
letter e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of the Italian Financial 
Services Act and/or the applicable Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(c) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Products or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Products in the Republic of Italy must 
be made in compliance with the selling restrictions under (a), (b) or (c) above, as the case may be, and 
must be: 
(a) 
made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as 
defined by Article 1, first paragraph, letter r), of the Italian Financial Services Act, permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the "Italian Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15th February, 2018, as amended from time to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 20307"); 
and 
(b) 
in compliance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and any other 
applicable laws and regulations, including any other applicable requirement or limitation which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian 
competent authority (including the reporting requirements set forth by Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25th August, 
2015 and amended on 10th August, 2016 and on 2nd November, 2020, as further amended from 
time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request periodic post-offering reporting, 
data and information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy). 
In relation to the secondary market in Italy, investors should also note that, in accordance with Article 
100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act: 
(a) 
if any of the Products have been initially placed pursuant to an exemption to publish a 
prospectus, the subsequent distribution of such Products on the secondary market in the 
Republic of Italy which is not carried out under an exemption pursuant to (b) or (c) above must 
be made in compliance with the rules on offer of securities to the public and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, and the Italian Financial 
Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971;  
(b) 
if any of the Products which have been initially offered and placed with Qualified Investors in 
the Republic of Italy or abroad are then regularly ("sistematicamente") resold on the secondary 
market in the Republic of Italy to non-qualified Investors in the 12 months following the 
placement, such resale would qualify as an offer of securities to the public if no exemption under 
(c) above applies. Where this occurs, if a prospectus compliant with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the Italian Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971, has not 
been published, the purchasers of such Products (who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession) may be entitled to obtain that the resale is declared null and void and the 
authorised entities ("soggetti abilitati" as defined in the Italian Financial Services Act) 
transferring the Products may be held liable for any damages suffered by the non-qualified 
investors; and 
(c) 
any intermediary subsequently reselling the Products is entitled to rely upon the prospectus 
published by the issuer or the person responsible for drawing up a prospectus as long as this is 
valid, duly supplemented in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 and provided that the issuer or the person responsible for drawing up a 
prospectus gives its written consent to its use. 
Switzerland

--- Page 487 ---
Purchase and Sale 
486 
 
If and to the extent the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the 
meaning of the FinSA, or if the Products were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue in the meaning 
of FMIA (e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange AG or BX Swiss AG), a prospectus pursuant to the requirements of 
Article 35 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic 
recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification 
of, and a registration of the Programme with, a FinSA Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Reviewing Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Final 
Terms with the FinSA Reviewing Body. Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base 
Prospectus that is approved by the by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, i.e. for any Products other than Exempt Products. 
Unless the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Products 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such public offer are complied 
with. 
Without a registration of the Base Prospectus with a FinSA Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, the Products may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from 
Switzerland if the Products (a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as professional or institutional 
clients (professionelle und institutionelle Kunden) in the sense of Article 4 para. 3 to 5 and Article 5 para. 
1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"); (b.) are addressed at fewer than 500 clients 
other than Professional or Institutional Clients; (c.) are addressed at investors acquiring securities to the 
value of at least CHF 100,000; (d.) have a minimum denomination per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do 
not exceed a total value of CHF 8 million over a 12-month period. 
Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to the Swiss 
Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 June 2018 
("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance 
Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
pursuant to (a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; (f) 
pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings 
with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: 
(i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of 
CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury 
operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) 
that, based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial 
sector, he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the 
Products and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) 
that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
Products qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the FinSA may be offered to 
Retail Clients in the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland only if a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID 
has been prepared and provided to the relevant Retail Clients. Before 1 January 2023, the issuer 
may prepare a Swiss Simplified Prospectus instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID and such 
Swiss Simplified Prospectus may be provided to Retail Clients instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU 
PRIIPs-KID. If the Products may only be offered to Retail Clients in the meaning of FinSA in the 
context of asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a EU PRIIPs-
KID or a Swiss Simplified Prospectus would not apply. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Investors: Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 
'Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Products which are the subject of the

--- Page 488 ---
Purchase and Sale 
487 
 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any 
UK Retail Investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
If the Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", then, 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Products specify that an offer of those Products may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which either (i) has been approved by 
the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of 
the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Products referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Products to the public" in relation to any 
Products means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Products and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each offeror has represented and agreed, and each further offeror 
appointed under this Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 489 ---
Purchase and Sale 
488 
 
(a) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Products in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Products in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America  
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Products issued in bearer form for US tax purposes ("Bearer Instruments") with respect to which the 
Issue Terms specifies that they are subject to US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the US 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code")) (the "D Rules") may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except as permitted 
under the D Rules. 
The Issuer and each offeror named in a set of Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that in 
addition to the relevant US Securities Selling Restrictions set out below: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Instruments to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person and (y) the offeror has not delivered and 
agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer 
Instruments that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer 
Instruments are aware that Bearer Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person 
(except to the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Bearer Instruments for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and, if it retains Bearer Instruments for its own account, 
it will do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Bearer Instruments from the offeror for 
the purpose of offering or selling such Bearer Instruments during the restricted period, the 
offeror either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(a), (b) and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from 
such affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror the representations and 
agreements contained in such sub-clauses; and 
(e) 
it has not entered into and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other than 
confirmation or other notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to the contract 
(other than one of its affiliates or another offeror) has offered or sold, or during the restricted 
period will offer or sell, any Bearer Instruments except where pursuant to the contract the offeror 
has obtained or will obtain from that party, for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror, the 
representations contained in, and that party's agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-
clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in the paragraphs above shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given 
to them by the Code and the US Treasury Regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
To the extent that the Issue Terms relating to Bearer Instruments specify that the Products are subject to 
US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules"), such Bearer 
Instruments must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection

--- Page 490 ---
Purchase and Sale 
489 
 
with their original issuance by an issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not 
significantly engage in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each offeror named in a set of 
Issue Terms will be required to represent and agree that: (i) it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Bearer Instruments within the United States or 
its possessions within the United States or its possessions; (ii) it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of them is within the United 
States or its possessions; and (iii) it will not otherwise involve its US office in the offer and sale of such 
Bearer Instruments. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Unless 'Not Applicable' is specified in respect of "US Tax Selling Restriction" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, and any 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto will contain a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States Persons (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended." 
US Securities Selling Restrictions 
The Products and, in certain cases, the Entitlements have not been and will not be registered under the 
US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) ("U.S. persons"), except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Trading in the Products and the 
Entitlements has not been approved by the US Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Terms used in 
this section (US Securities Selling Restrictions) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered and 
sold and will not offer or sell Products (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Products 
are part, as determined and certified to the Agent by such offeror (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) 
or the relevant offeror (in the case of a syndicated issue, who shall notify the managers when all managers 
participating in that syndicated issue have so certified in respect of the Products purchased by or through 
it), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
the offeror to which it sells Products during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other 
notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Products within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Neither the offeror nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf, have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) 
with respect to the Products, and the offeror, its affiliates and all persons acting on its or their behalf have 
complied and will comply with any applicable offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of 
Products, any offer or sale of Products or Entitlements within the United States by any offeror (whether 
or not participating in the offering of such Products or Entitlements) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, are being offered and sold outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.  
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, outside the United States and for the listing of Products 
on the Relevant Stock Exchange. The Issuer and the offeror reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Products, in whole or in part, for any reason. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of the Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States is unauthorised, and any disclosure without the prior written

--- Page 491 ---
Purchase and Sale 
490 
 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any of such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States is prohibited. 
US Retirement Plan Selling Restrictions 
The Products may not be sold or transferred to, and each acquirer by its acquisition of Products shall be 
deemed to have represented and covenanted that it is not acquiring and will not hold the Products for or 
on behalf of, or with the assets of, and will not transfer Products to, any employee benefit plan, as defined 
in section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of 
ERISA, any plan or arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Code, an entity or account the 
assets of which are considered assets of such a plan or arrangement, or a government, church or other 
plan subject to any law or regulation substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or section 4975 of the 
Code.  
Guernsey 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Products offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus may be offered 
to members of the public in Guernsey ("public" as defined in the Prospectus Rules and Guidance, 2021 
issued by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission). Circulation of this Base Prospectus and any 
term sheet relating to any Product within Guernsey is restricted to persons or entities that are themselves 
licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 2020, as amended, the Insurance Business (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as 
amended, the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020, as amended, the Insurance 
Managers and Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as amended, or the Regulation of 
Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc., (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 
2020, as amended.

--- Page 492 ---
Form of Guarantee 
491 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The terms of the Guarantee to be provided by the Guarantor in respect of the payment and delivery 
obligations of Issuer in respect of Products will be substantively on the terms set out in this Guarantee.  
THIS GUARANTEE is made on 28 September 2020 between: 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG, being a stock corporation with limited liability, duly organized and 
existing under the laws of Switzerland whose registered head office is situated at Bleicherweg 8, 8001 
Zurich, Switzerland (the "Guarantor"); and 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) Limited, being a stock corporation with limited 
liability, duly organized and existing under the laws of Guernsey whose registered head office is 
situatedat PO Box 186, Royal Chambers, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey GY1 4HP, Channel 
Islands (the "Issuer"). 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue 
securities ("Products") in the form of Notes or Certificates or Warrants as part of the European 
Issuance and Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the 
"Programme") under a base prospectus (as supplemented and/or replaced under the Programme 
from time to time, the "Base Prospectus") pursuant to any final terms and conditions set out in 
any applicable set of final terms or pricing supplement, as the case may be (the "Issue Terms"). 
(B) 
The Guarantor has determined to execute this Guarantee within the meaning of Article 111 of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO") for the payment of the relevant cash settlement amount 
or to deliver a relevant Underlying (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Products) in 
the case of the Issuer's failure to deliver such Underlying or to make payment of the relevant 
cash settlement amount for the benefit of the Investor (as defined in the terms and conditions of 
the Products) in respect of any Product that is issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
The Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 
1. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and, subject to the provisions in this Guarantee, irrevocably 
guarantees, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the terms and conditions of the Products and 
waiving all rights of objection and defence arising from the terms and conditions of the Products to which 
the Issuer is entitled (provided that the Guarantor shall retain its own rights of objection and defence 
arising from the terms and conditions of the Products as regards its function as a Guarantor and the 
Guarantee), upon first written demand, the Issuer's obligations as stipulated to be due in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Programme and the respective Products which are issued under the 
Programme and guaranteed by the Guarantor, as the case may be (the "Guaranteed Obligations"), 
except that the Guarantor is not obliged to settle by delivery. In the case of cash settlement, the Guarantor 
is obliged to make the cash payment of the cash settlement amount as stipulated to be due and payable 
in the relevant Issue Terms. In the case of delivery of any relevant Underlying according to the relevant 
Issue Terms, however, the Guarantor is not obliged to deliver any Underlying but may elect, irrespective 
of the provisions in the relevant Issue Terms, in its absolute and full discretion, to pay the amount that 
would have been stipulated to be due and payable if cash settlement had been specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. This Guarantee shall be valid for any present or future Product which is issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme, subject to paragraph 3 (Termination). 
This Guarantee constitutes a Guarantee of payment and not of collection and is not conditional or 
contingent upon any attempts to collect from, or pursue or exhaust any rights or remedies against, the 
Issuer, and is intended by the Guarantor to constitute an unlimited non-accessory undertaking 
(unbeschränkte, nicht akzessorische Verpflichtung) in the meaning of Article 111 of the CO and is not a 
mere surety (Bürgschaft) in the meaning of Article 492 et seq. of the CO. Notwithstanding any reference 
to the obligations of the Issuer, the Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are absolute and 
independent obligations of the Guarantor as a primary obligor.

--- Page 493 ---
Form of Guarantee 
492 
 
Unless specified otherwise, the obligation of the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee constitutes an 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligation, ranking pari passu with each other and all other current and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. 
2. 
ASSIGNMENT 
The Guarantor may not assign its rights nor delegate its obligations under this Guarantee in whole or in 
part, except for an assignment and delegation of all of the Guarantor's rights and obligations hereunder 
to another entity in whatever form that succeeds to all or substantially all of the Guarantor's assets and 
business and that assumes such obligations by contract, operation of law, or otherwise. Upon any such 
delegation and assumption of delegations, the Guarantor shall be relieved of and be fully discharged from 
all obligations hereunder. 
3. 
TERMINATION 
This Guarantee may be terminated by the Guarantor upon thirty calendar days' written notice served on 
the Issuer and the relevant Lead Manager (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Products), such 
30 day notice period to start upon the later of written acknowledgment by the Issuer or the Lead Manager, 
provided that this Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect with respect to Guaranteed Obligations. 
4. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be in writing (by letter) 
and shall be sent to Bleicherweg 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland, Attn: EFG Corporate Desk, with a copy 
by e-mail (which shall not constitute a notice) to efgicorporatedesk@efginternational.com, or to such 
other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor has notified to the 
Investors in the manner prescribed for the giving of notices in connection with the Products. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 4 shall be effective 
upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other communication 
which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the place of the Guarantor or 
after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding 
business day in the place of the registered office of the Guarantor. 
5. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law. Disputes arising from 
this Guarantee shall fall within the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being 
Zurich, with the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Court in Lausanne where the law permits.

--- Page 494 ---
Form of Guarantee 
493 
 
EFG INTERNATIONAL AG 
 
By: 
______________________ 
EFG INTERNATIONAL FINANCE (GUERNSEY) LIMITED 
By:

--- Page 495 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
494 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility  
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Issue Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms is in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Public Offers and Consent 
Public Offers 
Certain Products may, subject as provided below, be subsequently resold, finally placed or otherwise 
offered by financial intermediaries in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such resale, placement or offer is 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as a 'Public Offer'. Any person making or intending to make a Public 
Offer of Products must do so only with the consent of the Issuer and subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant conditions to such consent – see 'Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus' below. 
Other than as set out immediately below, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager 
has authorised (nor do they authorise or consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (or Issue Terms) 
in connection with) the making of any Public Offer of Products by any person in any circumstances. 
Any such unauthorised offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or Lead Manager or Authorised 
Offerors (as defined below) and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or Lead Manager or Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. Any 
Public Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Lead Manager or Authorised Offerors accepts any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. Any persons to whom an offer of 
any Products is made should enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
In connection with a Public Offer of Products as described in the Final Terms, the Issuer consents or (in 
the case of (ii) (General Consent)) offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms in relation to any 
person who purchases Products in such Public Offer made by an Authorised Offeror) by or to (as 
applicable) each of the following financial intermediaries, in each case subject to compliance by such 
financial intermediary with the Conditions to Consent (as described below) (each, an "Authorised 
Offeror"):  
(a) 
Specific Consent: each financial intermediary which either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the website of Leonteq Securities AG: 
(www.leonteq.com) (in which case, its name and address will be published on the 
website of Leonteq Securities AG); and  
(b) 
General Consent: if Part C of the Final Terms specifies 'General Consent' as applicable, each 
financial intermediary which both: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and 
(ii) 
if such confirmation is requested by the Issuer or the Lead Manager, accepts the offer 
by the Issuer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information 
in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance 
Statement"):

--- Page 496 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
495 
 
'We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of 
products] (the "Products") described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by EFG International Finance (Guernsey) Limited. (the "Issuer"). 
In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the Public Offer of the 
Products in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period and subject to and 
in accordance with the conditions set out in the Final Terms and Base Prospectus, we 
accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID to make, 
and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to 
such terms in the Base Prospectus and Final Terms.' 
The consent of the Issuer referred to in (i) and (ii) above is subject to compliance by the relevant financial 
intermediary with the following conditions (the "Conditions to Consent"):  
(a) 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): the Public Offer is only made in Ireland and/or Italy as specified 
in the Final Terms(the "Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)"); 
(b) 
Offer Period: the Public Offer is only made during the offer period specified in the Final Terms 
(the "Offer Period"); and 
(c) 
Other: each of the other conditions (if any) provided in the Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer may give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors in respect of a Public Offer 
after the date of the Final Terms, discontinue or change the Offer Period, and/or remove or add conditions 
to consent and, if it does so, such information will be published at: www.leonteq.com. Any new 
information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published and can be found at: www.leonteq.com. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager has any responsibility for any of the actions of 
any Authorised Offeror, including their compliance with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to an offer. 
Any offer or sale of Products to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such 
investor, including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. It will be the responsibility 
of the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that 
information and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Lead Manager or other Authorised 
Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (ii) (General Consent) above using this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Approval and passporting of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Products. Such approval relates only to Products which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
On the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the Central Bank, application for the notification of such approval has been 
made to the competent authority of Italy. 
Ratings

--- Page 497 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
496 
 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus or any document incorporated by 
reference are, for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the "CRA Regulation"), issued by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), 
and Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. has been certified under the 
CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and has been 
registered under the CRA Regulation and currently endorses the international credit ratings published by 
Fitch for regulatory purposes in the European Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Aspects relating to specific customer goals and needs, such as an environmental, social or 
sustainable investment 
With respect to Products issued with environmental, social or sustainable objectives, such as an 
environmental sustainable or sustainable investment or considerations of principal adverse impacts on 
sustainability factors, no guarantee or representation can be made that these objectives are appropriate 
for an investor's objectives, needs or investment criteria and its preferences. The target market defined 
by the Issuer as the manufacturer of the product may provide for certain Products to meet specific client 
needs, characteristics and objectives, such as "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" (Environmental, Social 
and Governance) related objectives which, in the case of an "environmental" or "green" or "sustainable" 
investment, may also be capable of making a significant contribution to a particular environmental 
objective for a particular economic activity ("ESG Contribution"). Prospective investors should take 
into account the information contained in the relevant target market about the specific objectives of a 
Product, and should determine themselves the relevance of such information for the purposes of investing 
in such Products, as well as undertake any other investigation that the investor deems necessary. In 
particular, the Issuer gives no assurance that the identification of client needs, characteristics and 
objectives will fully or partially satisfy an investors' current or future preferenceor requirements for 
investment criteria or policies that the investor or its investments must comply with, whether as a result 
of current or future laws or regulations or its own statutes or other regulations or mandates, particularly 
in relation to direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impacts of projects or uses that are 
the subject of or form part of an ESG Contribution. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or an 
equivalently-labelled objective or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular objective to 
be defined as "green", "sustainable", "social" or such other equivalent label. The area of sustainable 
finance is and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives 
to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives, for example in respect of 
environmental sustainable investments the EU Taxonomy Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (as amended, the 
"Taxonomy Regulation")and the planned European regulation on European Green Bonds based on the 
respective European Commission's proposal of July 2021 (COM(2021) 391). Even if any voluntary 
standard or a regulatory framework standardises the terms "green", "social" or "sustainable", these 
standards do not necessarily apply to the Productsand the Issuer does not necessarily plan to seek 
compliance for any of the Products with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or 
objectives. Accordingly, there can be no assurance to investors that objecives or uses that are the subject 
of, or related to, an ESG Contribution will meet investors' preferences of such "green", "sustainable", 
"environmental", "ESG" or other similarly labelled objectives, or that there will be no negative 
environmental, social and/or other impacts during the life of a particular Product, the conduct of an 
economic activity or the use of the subject of an ESG Contribution, or in connection therewith.  
No guarantee or representation is given in connection with the suitability or admissibility for any purpose 
of any classification or certification by a third party (whether or not requested by the Issuer) that may be 
provided in connection with the issue of Products and in particular with an ESG Contribution to the 
fulfilment of environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
classification or certification shall not be included in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Such 
classification or certification does not constitute, and should not be construed as a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold such Products. Any such classification or certification 
is only valid at the time of the first issuance of the opinion. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves whether such classification or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such classification or certification is relevant for the purposes of investing in such 
Products. Currently, providers of such classifications and certifications are not subject to any specific

--- Page 498 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
497 
 
regulatory or other system or supervision. Potential investors may access the latest version of the product 
policy relating to the issuance of green or sustainable Products on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.leonteq.com/. 
Type of Products 
The Products have redemption terms that are linked to one or more Underlyings and will be 'derivative 
securities' for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (and, as such, specific items of information 
will be included in this Base Prospectus that may not be included for Products that are not 'derivative 
securities'). 
No equity securities falling under article 19 (Securities that are exchangeable for or convertible into 
shares) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 will be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
No Products issued under this Base Prospectus are securities linked to any index composed by the Issuer 
or any legal entity belonging to the Issuer. 
Products with offer periods continuing beyond the validity of the September 2021 Base Prospectus  
In accordance with article 8(11) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may continue under the 
Base Prospectus a public offer of Products issued under (i) the most recent Previous PR Base Prospectus 
or (ii) issued under a recent Previous PR Base Prospectus and continued under each subsequent Previous 
PR Base Prospectus after the expiry of the September 2021 Base Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus shall serve as the succeeding base prospectus within the meaning of article 8(11) 
sentence 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation of the Previous PR Base Prospectuses for the Products 
identified in the table below (the "Legacy Products").  
A "Previous PR Base Prospectus" is each of:  
(a) 
September 2021 Base Prospectus and 
(b) 
September 2020 Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms of the Legacy Products published under a Previous PR Base Prospectus are applicable 
to the continued public offer and shall be read, in addition to the other information contained in the Base 
Prospectus, together with the terms and conditions of the Products and the Form of Final Terms from the 
relevant Previous PR Base Prospectus, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. A 
list setting out all information incorporated by reference is provided in the section 'Information 
incorporated by reference' on page 56. Reference is hereby made to the Final Terms of the Legacy 
Products.  
The Final Terms of the Legacy Products can be found on the website https://structuredproducts-
ch.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses.  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Legacy Products are the ones identified by their ISIN in the 
following table: 
 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
CH0542385296 
CH0575762379 
CH0588770260 
CH0588768546 
CH0583737645 
CH0588770252 
CH0588770898 
CH0583737603 
CH0588771755 
CH0575767931 
CH0583730368 
CH0575766065 
CH0518365983 
CH0588776903 
CH1100987705 
CH0518368862 
CH0596647211 
CH0518368524 
CH0588770286 
CH0588773389 
CH1110430779 
CH1110431512 
CH1110439150 
CH1110429243 
CH1110431447 
CH0518369423 
CH0518369431 
CH1110435612 
CH1110430969 
CH1110431017 
CH1110443707 
CH0518369399 
CH1110435687 
CH1117922026 
CH0593638460 
CH1117922034 
CH1117922737 
CH1110443244 
CH1110431660 
CH1110432262 
CH1100989297 
CH0518369415 
CH0518369449 
CH0518369456 
CH1100992077 
CH1110436370 
CH1110436388 
CH1110436313 
CH1124144945 
CH1124140844

--- Page 499 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
498 
 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
ISIN 
CH1124142915 
CH1110432478 
CH1100991996 
CH1117922711 
CH1117922448 
CH1100991004 
CH1117922331 
CH1124143046 
CH1124142923 
CH1117922455 
CH1139705979 
CH1139714237 
CH1132933602 
CH1139709989 
CH1132932935 
CH1132933586 
CH1132932869 
CH1139714112 
CH1139708361 
CH1117928247 
CH1132933594 
CH1132927703 
CH1132932398 
CH0518370066 
CH0518370074 
CH1145450909 
CH1153566711 
CH1145442369 
CH1153571984 
CH1145447244 
CH1153566315 
CH1153566430 
CH1145441965 
CH1145442575 
CH1153568212 
CH1153566158 
CH1153567768 
CH1153569228 
CH1145444324 
CH1153570671 
CH1153572669 
CH1145443219 
CH1139715200 
CH1145442435 
CH1161763482 
CH1174367370 
CH1161767533 
CH1174364898 
CH1161765636 
CH1174363619 
CH1174365143 
CH1174367032 
CH1161770537 
CH1174364880 
CH1174363551 
CH1174363874 
CH1174367016 
CH1161767400 
CH1153573899 
CH1161769943 
CH1161764126 
CH1161765461 
CH1161768846 
CH1161764100 
CH1161769547 
CH1161770495 
CH1174364526 
CH1188155316 
CH1188155324 
CH1188154558 
CH1188154988 
CH1188158740 
CH1188154939 
CH1188161751 
CH1188161215 
CH1188154616 
CH1188159185 
CH1188154772 
CH1188153857 
CH1174370317 
CH1188154608 
CH1188157635 
CH1188152891 
CH1188157296 
CH1174369327 
CH1188158864 
CH1188154756 
CH1188154574 
CH1174369640 
CH1174370309 
CH1188152016 
CH1188158609 
CH1188160860 
CH1188156587 
CH1188159532 
CH1188158757 
CH1188153345 
CH1207463154 
CH1207464657 
CH1207465027 
CH1207464616 
CH1207466736 
 
 
 
 
Hyper-links to websites 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website to which a hyper-link is provided shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any of the websites to which a hyper-link is provided 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI in its role as competent authority.

--- Page 500 ---
General Information 
499 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation and Consents 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Products pursuant to the Programme have been 
duly authorised by resolutions of an authorised committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 12 
December 2007.  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
establishing this Programme and will obtain all such consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of each Product issued pursuant to this Programme. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
the sale of any Products for the hedging and payment and delivery obligations arising from the issue of 
the Products and for the purposes of the Issuer's ordinary business activities. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the use of proceeds. 
The Issuer confirms that none of the proceeds of the issue of the Products will be used to fund activities 
or persons that are subject to sanctions introduced by the United States and/or the European Union. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Applications may be made for the listing and admission to trading of Products on the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the "SeDeX Market"), the multilateral trading facility Spectrum Markets, the multilateral trading 
facility Hi-MTF (managed by Hi-MTF SIM S.p.A), the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed 
by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A), the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt Zertifikate AG), SIX Swiss Exchange and/or any other exchange or multilateral trading facility 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
Relevant Clearing Systems 
The Products issued pursuant to the Programme may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and any other Relevant Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms. 
The appropriate International Securities Identification Number (the "ISIN") for each Series allocated by 
Euroclear, Clearstream or SIX SIS will be set out in the Issue Terms. Transactions will be effected for 
settlement in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B–1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L–1855 Luxembourg. The address of SIX SIS is AG, 
Pfingstweidstrasse 110, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. The address of any additional clearing system will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Products remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when available, be made available during usual business hours on a weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection and, in the case of (b), (c), and (h) 
below, shall be available for collection free of charge at the registered office of Leonteq Securities AG. 
The documents in the case of (a), (c), (d), (f), (g), (h) and (i) below, shall be available free of charge at: 
www.leonteq.com. The documents in the case of (b) and (e) below, shall be available free of charge at: 
www.efginternational.com. The Issue Terms, in respect of any Series, shall also be available at the 
registered office of Leonteq Securities AG. 
(a) 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer (which can be accessed from the following hyperlink 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/Articles_Of_Association.pdf);

--- Page 501 ---
General Information 
500 
 
(b) 
the constitutional documents of the Guarantor (which can be accessed from the following 
hyperlink 
https://www.efginternational.com/doc/jcr:d035785c-68a0-4f7e-8a8d-
4f274ff57405/Articles%20of%20Association.pdf/lang:en/Articles%20of%20Association.pdf); 
(c) 
the documents set out in the 'Information Incorporated by Reference' section of this Base 
Prospectus; 
(d) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Issuer; 
(e) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Guarantor; 
(f) 
the current Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme and any future supplements thereto 
(which can be accessed from the following hyperlink https://structuredproducts-
ie.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses); 
(g) 
any Final Terms issued in respect of Products admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange, and/or quotation system since the most recent base 
prospectus was published;  
(h) 
any other future documents and/or announcements issued by the Issuer or the Guarantor; and  
(i) 
the Guarantee (which can be found on page 491 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 September 
2020).  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Products or 
the performance of any Underlying or any other underlying relating to Products, except if required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
Issue Price 
Products will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the Issue Terms. The Issue Price will 
be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Lead Manager at the time of the relevant 
offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price 
of such Products will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Products to such investor. The Issuer will not be party to 
arrangements between an investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Products to such Investor.

--- Page 502 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
501 
 
INFORMATION ON PROPRIETARY INDICES 
This section describes the Index Rules for certain Proprietary Indices used by the Issuer as Underlying 
for the Products. The Index Rules for a Proprietary Index comprise of the Leonteq Systematic Indices 
Global Methodology dated 17th February 2021 (the "Global Methodology") and the rules for the specific 
Proprietary Index as set out in the relevant index rulebook or such other similar document (the "Index 
Rule Book"). In the event of any inconsistency between the Global Methodology and the relevant Index 
Rule Book, the provisions of the Index Rule Book shall prevail.  
Descriptions of other Proprietary Indices that the Issuer intends to use as Underlying for new Products 
may be included in this section by way of supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Proprietary Indices described herein are Indices of an index sponsor with seat in a non EU country 
and these Indices are as of the date hereof not registered in the register in accordance with Article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation. 
Information on Global Methodology 
This section contains extracts of the Gobal Methodology (version as of 27 February 2021) that shall be 
read in conjunction with the relevant Index Rule Book, which may be obtained from the index sponsor 
free of charge upon request in writing.  
1. 
Introduction, Application, Important Information and Copyright 
1.1 
Introduction 
The Leonteq Systematic Indices Global Methodology (the "Global Methodology") comprises 
the rules, methodology, definitions, disclaimers and other information applicable to certain 
notional rules-based systematic indices (each, an "Index" and together, the "Index") which may 
be created by Leonteq Securities AG or its successor (the "Index Sponsor") from time to time. 
Each Index is calculated and published by Leonteq Securities AG as the index calculation agent 
(the "Index Calculation Agent"). In some instances, Leonteq may outsource the calculation 
and publication of an Index to a third party calculation agent. 
Each Index is a synthetic product and the exposure of each Index to any position in an underlying 
component is purely notional. There is no actual portfolio of shares, indices, commodities, 
currency exchange rates, futures contracts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, reference rates, 
financial instruments or other assets, underlyings or components to which any person is entitled 
or in which any person has any ownership interest (whether legal, beneficial or otherwise), and 
there is no obligation on the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent to purchase, enter 
into, hold and/or dispose of positions in any underlying component, or transactions or 
investments that are linked to any underlying component at any time. 
In respect of an Index, the Global Methodology should be read in conjunction with the relevant 
index rulebook or such other similar document (such document, the "Index Rule Book") 
referring to and/or incorporating by reference the Global Methodology. The Index Rule Book 
will specify, amongst other things, the name of such Index, the underlying component(s) and 
the other rules, methodology, definitions, risk factors, disclaimers and information applicable 
to such Index. 
The Global Methodology may be amended or modified from time to time by the Index Sponsor 
in its reasonable discretion, as more particularly described herein. Upon each such amendment 
or modification this document shall be updated to a new version. Following an update, the most 
recent version shall be deemed to be in force from the date of such update and replace in its 
entirety the preceding version such that, in the event of any conflict between the preceding 
version and the most recent version, the most recent version shall prevail. 
1.2 
Application 
The Global Methodology, together with the relevant Index Rule Book in respect of an Index, 
will constitute the "Index Rules" in respect of such Index.

--- Page 503 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
502 
 
Any or all of the provisions and sections of this Global Methodology may be incorporated into 
and made applicable to the relevant Index Rule Book in respect of an Index. Where the relevant 
Index Rule Book in respect of an Index incorporates this Global Methodology, unless such 
document states otherwise, the most recent version of this Global Methodology shall be deemed 
to be applicable. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Global 
Methodology and the relevant Index Rule Book, the provisions of the relevant Index Rule Book 
shall apply. 
References in this Global Methodology to "the Index" shall be construed as references to the 
relevant Index, as the case may be. 
1.3 
Important Information 
The information set out in this Global Methodology reflects the policies of the Index Sponsor, 
and is subject to change in accordance with the sections entitled "Adjustment Events and 
Consequences", "Disruption Events and Consequences" and "Change in Methodology, 
Corrections and Changes to the Index name and Publication of Index Value". The purposes, 
aims and intentions of the methodology described in the relevant Index Rules in respect of an 
Index may not be achieved.  
The Index Sponsor may appoint other agents and/or third party data providers in relation to an 
Index to obtain certain inputs necessary to compute the value of such Index. The Index Sponsor 
does not have any obligation to ensure that these agents and/or third party providers continue to 
provide inputs necessary to compute the value of an Index. The Index Sponsor may change any 
agents and/or third party data providers appointed in respect of an Index at any time. 
2. 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Global Methodology, the following terms shall have the meanings 
specified below: 
Change in Law 
Means that on or after the Start Date, (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority) by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Index Calculation Agent determines its reasonable 
discretion that (a) it has become illegal for the Index Sponsor, 
the Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates to (a) 
hold, acquire or dispose of any hedge position in relation to 
any Component (or any underlying component therein), or (b) 
the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or any of their 
affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its respective obligations with respect to the Index and/or any 
transaction or product linked to the Index (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Commodity 
Means each commodity or commodity futures contract 
specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price 
Means, in respect of a Commodity and any day, the relevant 
price per unit of such Commodity displayed on the relevant 
Price Source and/or published by the relevant Reference 
Market on such day, as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 504 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
503 
 
Component 
Means each share, index, commodity, currency exchange 
rate, futures contract, exchange traded fund, mutual fund, 
reference rate, financial instruments or other asset, underlying 
or component specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book. 
Constitutional 
Document(s) 
Means, in respect of a Component that is an ETF Share and 
the relevant Fund, the document(s) constituting the relevant 
Trust. 
Currency Exchange Rate 
Means each exchange rate of one currency for another 
currency specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day 
Means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Reference Market is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
the relevant Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Delisting 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Share 
ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for any reason 
(other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is 
not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on 
an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the 
relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in 
any Member State of the European Union); or 
(b) 
an ETF Share, that such ETF Share ceases or have 
ceased to be admitted to trade on the relevant 
Exchange and that such ETF Share has not been 
admitted to trading on another exchange that the 
Index Calculation Agent considers to be a suitable 
substitute exchange. 
Disrupted Day 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session or 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), a Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
relevant index sponsor fails to publish the level of 
such Underlying Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session, or (c) on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
(c) 
a Systematic Index, an Index Business Day on which 
the relevant index sponsor fails to calculate and 
publish the level of such Underlying Index within the 
scheduled or usual timeframe for publication; 
(d) 
a Commodity, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading

--- Page 505 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
504 
 
during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event (other than a Permanent 
Market Disruption Event, to the extent applicable) 
has occurred; 
(e) 
a Currency Exchange Rate, a Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Reference Market fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
(f) 
a Futures Contract, a Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a relevant Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event (other than a Permanent 
Market Disruption Event, to the extent applicable) 
has occurred; 
(g) 
an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(h) 
a Fund Unit, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Event 
Means one or more of the following events: (i) a Change in 
Law, (ii) a Hedging Disruption, (iii) an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, (iv) a Force Majeure Event, (v) an Insolvency 
Filing, (vi) a Failure to Deliver, (vii) Reduced Number of 
Shares, (viii) a Permanent Market Disruption Event, or (ix) 
any other event that would make impossible or infeasible, 
technically or otherwise, to calculate, compute, compile, 
hedge and/or maintain the Index or that would make the Index 
non-representative in respect of market prices, or that 
undermines the objectives of Index, in each case, as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent.  
Early Closure 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day 
of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(a) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), the closure on any Exchange Business Day 
of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Underlying Index or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one

--- Page 506 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
505 
 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(c) 
an ETF Share, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of one or more relevant Exchange(s) or one or 
more Related Exchange(s) prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(a) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day, and (b) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
Early 
Closure 
of 
the 
Reference Market 
Means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the closure 
on any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the relevant 
Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on the relevant Reference Market 
on such Currency Exchange Rate Business Day. 
ETF Share 
Means, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund 
specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Exchange 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as 
specified in the relevant Index Rule Book, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in such Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Index Calculation Agent 
has determined in its reasonable discretion that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system); 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), any exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in the components contained in such 
Underlying Index has relocated or temporarily 
relocated (provided that the index Calculation Agent 
has determined in its reasonable discretion that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the components 
underlying such Underlying Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system);

--- Page 507 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
506 
 
(c) 
a Futures Contract, the exchange or the quotation 
system as specified in the relevant Index Rule Book, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in such Futures Contract has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Index 
Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Futures Contract on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system); or 
(d) 
an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system 
specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in such ETF Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Index Calculation Agent 
has determined in its reasonable discretion that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). 
Exchange Business Day 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; or 
(c) 
a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange is open for trading during its 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption  
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, such Share on the relevant 
Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), any event (other than an Early Closure) that

--- Page 508 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
507 
 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values on, any relevant Exchange for 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of such Underlying Index, or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(c) 
an ETF Share, an event (other than an Early 
Exchange Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general to (a) effect 
transactions in such ETF Share or obtain market 
values on the relevant Exchange for such ETF Share, 
or (b) effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts on such ETF Share 
on a relevant Related Exchange. 
Exchange Business Day 
Means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, a Merger Event, Tender Offer, a 
Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a Delisting; or 
(b) 
an ETF Share, (a) an Insolvency in respect of the 
relevant Fund, its Fund Manager, a depository or 
another of the Fund's service providers, (b) a Merger 
Event, (c) a Delisting or (d) a Termination of the 
Trust in respect of the relevant Fund. 
Failure to Deliver 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, the failure 
of the relevant Share Issuer to deliver, when due, the relevant 
Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Shares. 
Force Majeure Event 
Means, in respect of the Index, an event or circumstance 
(including, without limitation, a systems failure, natural or 
man-made disaster, act of God, armed conflict, act of 
terrorism, riot, labour disruption, epidemic or pandemic or 
any similar intervening circumstance) that is beyond the 
reasonable control of the Index Calculation Agent and that, as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent, affects the Index, 
and such event or circumstance lasts for at least 10 
consecutive Index Business Days. 
Fund 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share specified 
as such in the relevant Index Rule Book and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; or 
(b) 
a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit specified 
as such in the relevant Index Rule Book and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 509 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
508 
 
Fund Manager 
Means, in respect of a Component that is an ETF Share or a 
Fund Unit and the relevant Fund, each of its management 
company, manager, investment manager or any of its 
investment advisors. 
Fund Unit 
Means, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund 
specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Futures Contract 
Means each futures contract specified as such in the relevant 
Index Rule Book and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Hedging Disruption 
Means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Index Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing 
the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates arising from the Index and/or 
any transaction or product linked to the Index, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Hedging Entity 
Means the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or any 
of their affiliates or any entity (or entities) acting on their 
behalf engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in 
respect of the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the Index 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates with respect to the 
Index and/or any transaction or product linked to the Index. 
Illiquidity Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, that the Index Calculation Agent determines 
that it is, or becomes (or is likely to become) 
impossible or impracticable for the Hedging Entity 
to liquidate such Share in a sufficient amount to meet 
or perform the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the 
Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates 
arising from the Index and/or any transaction or 
product linked to the Index as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of such Share; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), that the Index Calculation Agent determines 
that it is, or becomes (or is likely to become) 
impossible or impracticable for the Hedging Entity 
to liquidate such Underlying Index (or its 
components) in a sufficient amount to meet or 
perform the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the 
Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates 
arising from the Index and/or any transaction or 
product linked to the Index as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of such Underlying Index (or its 
components); 
(c) 
a Commodity, that the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the 
Hedging Entity to liquidate such Commodity in a 
sufficient amount to meet or perform the obligations

--- Page 510 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
509 
 
of the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or 
any of their affiliates arising from the Index and/or 
any transaction or product linked to the Index as a 
result of the insufficient liquidity of such 
Commodity; 
(d) 
a Currency Exchange Rate, that the Index 
Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes 
(or is likely to become) impossible or impracticable 
for the Hedging Entity to liquidate the relevant 
currency/ies in a sufficient amount to meet or 
perform the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the 
Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates 
arising from the Index and/or any transaction or 
product linked to the Index as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the relevant currency/ies; 
(e) 
a Futures Contract, that the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the 
Hedging Entity to liquidate such Futures Contract in 
a sufficient amount to meet or perform the 
obligations of the Index Sponsor, the Index 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates arising 
from the Index and/or any transaction or product 
linked to the Index as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of such Futures Contract; 
(f) 
an ETF Share, that the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the 
Hedging Entity to liquidate such ETF Share in a 
sufficient amount to meet or perform the obligations 
of the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or 
any of their affiliates arising from the Index and/or 
any transaction or product linked to the Index as a 
result of the insufficient liquidity of such ETF Share; 
or 
(g) 
a Fund Unit, that the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the 
Hedging Entity to liquidate the relevant Fund in a 
sufficient amount to meet or perform the obligations 
of the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or 
any of their affiliates arising from the Index and/or 
any transaction or product linked to the Index as a 
result of the insufficient liquidity of such Fund. 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
Means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Launch Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary 
to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing 
the obligations of the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates with respect to the Index and/or 
any transaction or product linked to the Index, or (b) realise,

--- Page 511 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
510 
 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Index or Indices 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Business Day 
Has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Index Rule 
Book. 
Index Calculation Agent 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Committee 
Means the body comprising members of the Legal, 
Compliance and Market Risk departments of Leonteq, 
together with members of business areas of Leonteq, which is 
responsible for ensuring accountability and providing 
oversight in respect of Leonteq’s index business, and which 
meets on a regular and ad hoc basis as may be required. 
Index Currency 
Means the currency specified as such in the relevant Index 
Rule Book. 
Index Sponsor 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Value 
Means, in respect of any Index Business Day, the value of the 
Index as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the relevant Index Rule Book. 
Initial Value 
Means the value specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book. 
Insolvency 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, 
bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the relevant Share Issuer, (i) all 
the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official, or (ii) holders of the Shares of such Share 
Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring 
them; or 
(b) 
an ETF Share and a relevant entity, that such entity: 
(i) 
is wound up (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or takeover);  
(ii) 
becomes insolvent, is unable or fails to pay its 
debts or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due;  
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors;  
(iv) 
either: 
(A) 
institutes or has instituted against it a 
petition by a regulator, regulatory 
body or other body with primary 
responsibility 
for 
insolvency, 
restructuring or supervision in the 
country in which its head office is

--- Page 512 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
511 
 
registered or established, whereby a 
judgment is sought for insolvency or 
bankruptcy 
or 
any 
other 
relief 
affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by itself or such regulator, 
regulatory body or such similar body; 
or  
(B) 
has brought a petition against itself 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
applicable relief affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and the 
petition or other application is 
instituted or made by a person or agent 
that is not named under sub-paragraph 
(b)(iv)(A) above and either:  
(1) 
results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation; or  
(2) 
is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each 
case within fifteen calendar 
days of the institution or 
presentation thereof;  
(v) 
has passed a resolution passed for its 
winding-up, 
official 
management 
or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, Trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or 
any 
such 
process 
is 
not 
dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within fifteen calendar days thereafter; 
(viii) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(vii) above; or

--- Page 513 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
512 
 
(ix) 
takes actions that promote any of the 
foregoing processes or agrees to, consents to 
or permits the same. 
Insolvency Filing 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, that the 
relevant Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not 
consented to by the relevant Share Issuer shall not be deemed 
an Insolvency Filing. 
Launch Date 
Means the date specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book. 
Market Disruption Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Index Calculation Agent regards as 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early 
Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Index Calculation Agent regards as 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early 
Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. For the purpose 
of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
in respect of an Underlying Index exists at any time, 
if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security or component included in such Underlying 
Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security or component to the 
level of such Underlying Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (I) the portion of the level of such 
Underlying Index attributable to that security or 
component, and (II) the overall level of such 
Underlying Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; 
(c) 
a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following: 
(i) 
(I) the failure of a Reference Market or Price 
Source to announce or publish a price 
relevant for the Index, or (II) the temporary 
or 
permanent 
discontinuance 
or 
unavailability of such Price Source, or (III) 
the 
disappearance 
or 
permanent

--- Page 514 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
513 
 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price of 
such Commodity relevant for the Index 
(notwithstanding the availability of the 
relevant Price Source or the status of trading 
in such Commodity); 
(ii) 
the material suspension or limitation of 
trading in such Commodity on the relevant 
Reference Market or in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Commodity on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are 
usually traded; 
(iii) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the 
permanent discontinuation of trading, (I) in 
such Commodity on the relevant Reference 
Market, or (II) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Commodity on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are usually 
traded; 
(iv) 
the occurrence since the Start Date of a 
material change (I) in the formula for or 
method of calculating a price of such 
Commodity relevant for the Index, or (II) in 
the content, composition or constitution of 
such Commodity or of futures or options 
contracts relating to such Commodity; 
(v) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or 
similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
such Commodity or futures or options 
contracts relating to such Commodity (other 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, 
overall gross or net income) by any 
government or tax authority, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal 
is to raise or lower a relevant price of such 
Commodity on any relevant day from what it 
would have been without such imposition, 
change or removal; or 
(vi) 
an Illiquidity Event; 
(d) 
a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following: 
(i) 
the 
suspension 
or 
absence 
of 
the 
announcement of a price of such Currency 
Exchange Rate relevant for the Index on the 
relevant Reference Market or by the relevant 
Price Source; 
(ii) 
the suspension or limitation of banking 
activities in the Relevant Country, the latter 
of which the Index Calculation Agent 
determines is material in respect of the Index;

--- Page 515 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
514 
 
(iii) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the 
latter of which the Index Calculation Agent 
determines material in respect of the Index in 
either: 
(A) 
a Relevant Currency on the relevant 
Reference Market; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating 
to a Relevant Currency on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are 
usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or 
the relevant Reference Market or due 
to a moratorium on banking activities 
in the country where the relevant 
Reference Market is located, or due to 
any other reasons; 
(iv) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(v) 
a Relevant Country either:  
(A) 
imposes any controls or announces its 
intention to impose any controls on 
any relevant currency; or  
(B) 
implements or announces its intention 
to implement any laws or regulations; 
or  
(C) 
changes or announces its intention to 
change 
the 
interpretation 
or 
administration 
of 
any 
laws 
or 
regulations,  
where in each case, the Index Calculation 
Agent determines that such event mentioned 
in paragraph (d)(v)(A), (d)(v)(B)  and 
(d)(v)(C) immediately above is likely to 
affect the ability of the Index Sponsor and/or 
Index Calculation Agent or any of its 
affiliates to acquire, hold, transfer or realise 
any Relevant Currency or otherwise to effect 
transactions in relation to such Relevant 
Currency; 
(vi) 
an event which the Index Calculation Agent 
determines would make it impossible for the 
Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation 
Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, 
impair or delay the performance of the 
following activities: 
(A) 
converting a Relevant Currency into 
the Index Currency or any other 
currency through customary legal 
channels or transferring within or 
from any Relevant Country a Relevant 
Currency due to the imposition by 
such Relevant Country of any controls

--- Page 516 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
515 
 
restricting 
or 
prohibiting 
such 
conversion or transfer, as the case may 
be; 
(B) 
converting a Relevant Currency into 
another Relevant Currency or into the 
Settlement Currency or any other 
currency at a rate at least as favourable 
as the rate for domestic financial 
institutions located in the Relevant 
Country; 
(C) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from 
accounts inside the Relevant Country 
to accounts outside such Relevant 
Country; or 
(D) 
transferring a Relevant Currency 
between accounts inside the Relevant 
Country or to a party that is a non-
resident of such Relevant Country; 
(vii) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the index Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general 
to: 
(A) 
obtain market values for a Relevant 
Currency; or 
(B) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to a Relevant Currency on a 
futures exchange where such contracts 
are usually traded; or 
(viii) an Illiquidity Event; 
(e) 
a Futures Contract, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(i) 
either (I) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish a price of such 
Futures Contract relevant for the Index, (II) 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance 
or unavailability of such Price Source, or (III) 
the 
disappearance 
or 
permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price of 
such Futures Contract relevant for the Index 
(notwithstanding the availability of the 
relevant Price Source or the status of trading 
in such Futures Contract); 
(ii) 
the material suspension or limitation of 
trading (I) in such Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange, or (II) on the relevant 
Exchange in general;  
(iii) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the 
permanent discontinuation of trading (I) in 
such Futures Contract on the relevant

--- Page 517 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
516 
 
Exchange, or (II) on the relevant Exchange in 
general; 
(iv) 
a material change (as compared to the 
circumstances as at the Start Date in (I) the 
formula for or method of calculating a price 
of such Futures Contract relevant for the 
Index, or (II) the content, composition or 
constitution of such Futures Contract or of the 
underlying on which such Futures Contract is 
based;  
(v) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or 
similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
such Futures Contract or the underlying on 
which such Futures Contract is based (other 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, 
overall gross or net income) by any 
government or tax authority, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal 
is to raise or lower a relevant price of such 
Futures Contract on any relevant day from 
what it would have been without such 
imposition, change or removal; or 
(vi) 
an Illiquidity Event; 
(f) 
an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following: 
(i) 
a Trading Disruption or an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Index 
Calculation Agent regards as material in 
respect of the Index, at any time during the 
one-hour period immediately before the 
relevant Valuation Time; 
(ii) 
an Early Closure;  
(iii) 
an Illiquidity Event; 
PROVIDED THAT, if in respect of an event that 
would otherwise be a Market Disruption Event 
occurs only two hours prior to the time of the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on the 
relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the Index 
Calculation Agent may determine that such event is 
not considered material in respect of such ETF 
Share. In such case, such event shall not be a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such ETF Share and, 
in respect of the relevant day, the Index Calculation 
Agent shall use the corresponding level of such ETF 
Share on the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(g) 
a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following:

--- Page 518 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
517 
 
(i) 
a suspension or a failure of the announcement 
of the price of such Fund Unit or net asset 
value; 
(ii) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the 
ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for such Fund Unit. 
Merger Date 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share and a 
Merger Event, the closing date of such Merger Event (as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent) or, where a 
closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such 
Share that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the relevant Share Issuer with or 
into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise 
obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the 
relevant Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of 
the relevant Share Issuer or its affiliates with or into 
another entity in which such Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"); or 
(b) 
an ETF Share, any of (a) a reclassification or other 
change to the relevant Fund that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, 
(b) a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit 
exchange of the relevant Fund with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation or binding unit exchange in which

--- Page 519 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
518 
 
such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
ETF Shares outstanding), (c) a takeover offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise 
obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other 
than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or (d) a consolidation, 
amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the 
relevant Fund or its affiliates with or into another 
entity in which such Fund is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than 
ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETF Shares immediately following such event. 
Nationalisation 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, that all the 
Shares of the relevant Share Issuer or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Commodity or a 
Futures Contract, any Market Disruption Event, if such event 
is, in the determination of the Index Calculation Agent, 
permanent. 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any of the following: 
(i) 
a 
subdivision, 
consolidation 
or 
reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Shares to 
existing 
holders 
by 
way 
of 
bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing 
holders of the relevant Shares of (a) such 
Shares, (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation 
of the relevant Share Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, (c) share capital or 
other securities of another share issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the relevant Share Issuer as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction, or (d) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or 
other assets, in any case for payment (cash or 
other consideration) at less than the

--- Page 520 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
519 
 
prevailing market price as determined by the 
Index Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
an amount per Share which the Index 
Calculation Agent determines should be 
characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the relevant Share Issuer in respect 
of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the relevant Share Issuer or 
any of its affiliates of such Shares whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise;  
(vi) 
in respect of the relevant Share Issuer, an 
event that results in any shareholder rights 
being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the relevant Share Issuer 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
similar arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence 
of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected 
as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion 
of the Index Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of such Share; 
(b) 
an ETF Share and the relevant Fund, the occurrence 
of any of the following events: 
(i) 
a 
subdivision, 
consolidation 
or 
reclassification of ETF Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free 
distribution or dividend of such ETF Shares 
to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing 
holders of ETF Shares of:  
(A) 
such ETF Shares;  
(B) 
other participation rights or securities 
granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or a share in the 
proceeds of liquidation of the relevant 
Fund equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such ETF 
Shares;  
(C) 
participation rights or securities of 
another unit issuer acquired or owned

--- Page 521 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
520 
 
(directly or indirectly) by the relevant 
Fund as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction; or  
(D) 
any other type of securities, rights or 
options or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) 
at less than the prevailing market price 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Index 
Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
a distribution per ETF Share which the Index 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
to 
be 
characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the relevant Fund in respect of ETF 
Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the relevant Fund or any of 
its affiliates of ETF Shares whether out of 
profits 
or 
capital 
and 
whether 
the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
an event occurs that results in any shareholder 
rights 
being 
distributed 
or 
becoming 
separated from shares of common stock other 
units of the relevant Fund pursuant to a 
shareholder 
rights 
plan 
or 
similar 
arrangement 
directed 
against 
hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence 
of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected 
as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; 
(vii) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of such ETF Shares; or 
(viii) an adjustment to the calculation terms of 
exchange contracts in respect of such ETF 
Shares that are traded on a Related Exchange; 
or 
(c) 
a Fund Unit and the relevant Fund, any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
such Fund is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed, or there is any proposal for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
or similar; 
(ii) 
the activities of such Fund or any of its Fund 
Managers are placed under review by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity for

--- Page 522 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
521 
 
reasons of wrongdoing, breach of any rule or 
regulation or other similar reason; 
(iii) 
there exists any litigation against such Fund 
or any of its Fund Managers which in the sole 
and absolute determination of the Index 
Calculation Agent could materially affect the 
value of such Fund or on the rights or 
remedies of any investor in such Fund; 
(iv) 
an allegation of criminal or fraudulent 
activity is made in respect of such Fund, any 
of its Fund Managers or any of their 
respective 
employees, 
or 
the 
Index 
Calculation Agent reasonably determines or 
suspects that any such criminal or fraudulent 
activity has occurred; 
(v) 
one or more of the key individuals involved 
with, or having supervision over, such Fund 
or any of its Fund Managers ceases to act in 
such capacity, and such Fund or Fund 
Manager fails to appoint a replacement 
having similar qualifications to those of the 
key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(vi) 
a material modification of or deviation from 
any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, 
investment 
process 
or 
investment 
guidelines, 
the 
currency, 
frequency and fees of subscriptions and/or 
redemptions of such Fund (howsoever 
described, including the underlying type of 
assets in which such Fund invests) from those 
set out in the fund documents, or any 
announcement 
regarding 
a 
potential 
modification or material deviation, except 
where such modification or deviation is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature; 
(vii) 
following the issue or creation of a new class 
or series (howsoever described in the fund 
documents) of shares or units by such Fund, 
the Index Calculation Agent determines, 
taking into consideration the potential cross 
liability between classes of shares or units 
(howsoever 
described 
in 
the 
fund 
documents), that such new class or series has 
or may have an adverse effect on the hedging 
activities of the Hedging Entity in relation to 
the Index and/or any transaction or product 
linked to the Index; 
(viii) the Index Sponsor, its affiliates or any other 
designated Hedging Entity would be required 
to pay a subscription fee in respect of a 
subscription of units or shares of such Fund 
or any redemption fee incurred in respect of a 
redemption of units or shares of such Fund in 
relation to their hedging activities;

--- Page 523 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
522 
 
(ix) 
a material modification of the method of 
calculating the net asset value of such Fund; 
(x) 
the Index Calculation Agent determines, at 
any time, that (i) the reported net asset value 
of such Fund is inaccurate, or (ii) the reported 
net asset value of such Fund misrepresents 
the net asset value of such Fund; 
(xi) 
any change in the frequency of the calculation 
or the publication of the net asset value of 
such Fund; 
(xii) 
the Fund Manager, the relevant market maker 
of such Fund repeatedly fails (for reasons 
other than of technical or operational nature) 
to calculate and/or publish, as scheduled, 
prices of such Fund and the reason for such 
failure is a consequence of or, in the 
determination of the Index Calculation 
Agent, a material indication of any decision 
to liquidate or dissolve such Fund; 
(xiii) an event which results in such Fund 
becoming illiquid; 
(xiv) there is any change in the regulatory or tax 
treatment applicable with respect to such 
Fund which could have an adverse economic 
impact for the Index Sponsor, its affiliates or 
any Hedging Entity as a holder of an actual 
interest in such Fund; 
(xv) 
the Index Sponsor determines in its 
reasonable discretion, that it has become 
illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of such 
Fund; 
(xvi) any suspension, mandatory redemption, 
limitation or restriction including but not 
limited to the imposition of a minimum notice 
period for redemption of or subscription for 
units/shares in such Fund, limitation imposed 
on trading (including the payment of any 
redemption amount) of such Fund (by reason 
of liquidity restrictions or otherwise) if, in 
any such case, such suspension or limitation 
is material; 
(xvii) the Index Sponsor, its affiliates or any 
Hedging Entity would be obliged (whether by 
a governmental, legal or regulatory entity or 
otherwise) to redeem all or some of the 
units/shares of such Fund that it is holding in 
relation to actual hedging activities; 
(xviii) the assets under management ("AUM") of 
such Fund fall below CHF 50,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies); or

--- Page 524 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
523 
 
(xix) the AUM of such Fund falls by 50 per cent. 
over a period of 12 months. 
Price Source 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Commodity, a 
Currency Exchange Rate or a Futures Contract, the price 
source specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book. 
Reduced Number of Shares 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, that at any 
time following an Extraordinary Event there remains a 
number of Shares of the relevant Share Issuer less than the 
Relevant Number of Shares. 
Relevant Number of Shares 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, the number 
of Shares of the relevant Share Issuer as specified in the 
relevant Index Rule Book. 
Reference Market 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Commodity, the reference market or the quotation 
system specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book, any successor to such reference market or 
quotation system or any substitute reference market 
or quotation system to which trading in such 
Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Index Calculation Agent has determined in its 
reasonable discretion that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Commodity on such 
temporary substitute reference market or quotation 
system as on the original reference market); 
(b) 
a Currency Exchange Rate, the reference market 
specified as such in the relevant Index Rule Book; or 
(c) 
a Futures Contract, the reference market specified as 
such in the relevant Index Rule Book. 
Reference Rate 
Means each interest rate or reference rate specified as such in 
the relevant Index Rule Book and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Reference Rate Event 
Means, in respect of a Reference Rate, (i) any permanent and 
final termination of the determination, provision or 
publication of such Reference Rate by any administrator in 
circumstances where no successor administrator exists, or any 
other permanent and final discontinuation of the existence of 
such Reference Rate, (ii) a material change in the 
methodology of determining or calculating the relevant rate 
of such Reference Rate as compared to the methodology used 
at the Launch Date if such change results in the respective 
rate, calculated in accordance with the new methodology, no 
longer representing, or being apt to represent adequately, the 
(original) rate or in terms of economic substance no longer 
being comparable to the (original) rate determined or 
calculated in accordance with the methodology used at the 
Launch Date, or (iii) the applicability of any law or any other 
legal provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, 
decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the 
relevant rate may no longer be used to determine the payment 
obligations under any transaction or product linked to such

--- Page 525 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
524 
 
Reference Rate, or pursuant to which any such use is subject 
to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences. 
Related Exchange 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Index Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) 
on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Index Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) 
on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Underlying Index; or 
(c) 
an ETF Share, those options or futures exchanges on 
which options or futures contracts are regularly 
traded on the units of the relevant Fund, as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent, and (in 
each case) any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system where trading is temporarily 
carried out in futures or options contracts on such 
ETF Share (to the extent as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent on the temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system the liquidity for the 
futures and options contracts on ETF Shares is 
comparable with the liquidity of the original 
exchange or quotation system). 
Relevant Country 
Means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country 
(or political or regulatory authority thereof) which (i) has a 
Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency, and 
(ii) in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has a 
material connection with a Relevant Currency. 
Relevant Currency 
Means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency 
used to determine the level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
Scheduled Closing Time 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share and the Exchange or Related Exchange and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange 
on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic Index) 
and an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange 
on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to

--- Page 526 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
525 
 
after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours; 
(c) 
a Currency Exchange Rate and the Reference Market 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Reference Market on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any 
trading outside the regular trading session hours; 
(d) 
a Futures Contract and an Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of 
such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours; or 
(e) 
an ETF Share and the Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on the Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), any day on which the relevant index sponsor 
is scheduled to calculate and publish the level of 
such Underlying Index; 
(c) 
a Systematic Index, an "Index Business Day" as 
defined in the relevant index rules for such 
Systematic Index; 
(d) 
a Commodity, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to calculate and publish a 
relevant price for such Commodity or, as the case 
may be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish a 
relevant price for such Commodity; 
(e) 
a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which the 
Reference Market is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session; 
(f) 
a Futures Contract, any day on which the Exchange 
is scheduled to calculate and publish a relevant price 
for such Futures Contract or, as the case may be, the 
Price Source is scheduled to publish a relevant price 
for such Futures Contract; 
(g) 
an ETF Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(h) 
a Fund Unit, any day on which the net asset value of 
the relevant Fund is scheduled to be calculated and 
announced in accordance with the terms of the

--- Page 527 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
526 
 
prospectus or other documents prepared in 
connection with the marketing of such Fund. 
Share 
Means each share specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Share Issuer 
Means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
Start Date 
Means the date specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book, being first Index Business Day in respect of which the 
Index Value is calculated. 
Systematic Index 
Means each index specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Tender Offer 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share, a takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 
per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the relevant Share Issuer, as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Index Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date 
Means, in respect of a Component that is a Share and a Tender 
Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 
per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the relevant Share Issuer) are actually purchased or 
otherwise obtained (as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent). 
Termination of the Trust 
Means, in respect of a Component that is an ETF Share and 
the relevant Fund, where pursuant to the Constitutional 
Document(s) the Trust has been terminated or amended in 
another way, including (but not limited to): 
(a) 
the rescission of the Constitutional Document(s) by 
the Fund Manager or the Trustee or the termination 
of the calculation and publication of the relevant 
reference index by the sponsor of such reference 
index; 
(b) 
a decision of a competent authority on the rescission 
or cancellation of the Constitutional Document(s) or 
the Trust; and/or 
(c) 
a decision of a competent authority on (a) the 
rescission or suspension of the applicable licence of 
the Fund Manager that is necessary for the 
administration of the relevant Fund, or (b) the 
unwinding of the Fund Manager.  
Throughout the life of the relevant Fund the replacement of 
the Fund Manager or the substitution of the Trustee by a 
substitute Trustee shall not lead to the Termination of the 
Trust and any such replacement investment Fund Manager 
and any such substitute Trustee shall be regarded as the Fund

--- Page 528 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
527 
 
Manager or Trustee as from the date on which such 
replacement or substitution takes effect. 
Trading Disruption  
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such 
Exchange, or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of such Underlying 
Index on any relevant Exchange, or (b) in futures or 
options contracts relating to such Underlying Index 
on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(c) 
an ETF Share, a suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) 
relating to such ETF Share on the Exchange, (b) in 
futures or options contracts on such ETF Share on a 
relevant Related Exchange, or (c) in such ETF Share 
or other securities of an exchange traded fund in 
respect of the relevant reference index on the 
Exchange or a Related Exchange, if in any of these 
cases the Index Calculation Agent determines in its 
reasonable discretion that such suspension or 
limitation is material. 
Trust 
Means, in respect of a Component that is an ETF Share and 
the relevant Fund, the trust which constitutes such Fund or the 
company or another vehicle under which such ETF Shares are 
issued by such Fund. 
Trustee 
Means, in respect of a Component that is an ETF Share and 
the relevant Fund, the trustees for the beneficial owners of 
such Fund. 
Underlying Index 
Means each index specified as such in the relevant Index Rule 
Book and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Underlying 
Index 
Adjustment Event 
Means, in respect of an Underlying Index: 
(a) 
the relevant index sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Sponsor permanently cancels such 
Underlying Index or such Underlying Index may no

--- Page 529 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
528 
 
longer be used as a consequence of new regulatory 
provisions and no Successor Index exists; 
(b) 
the relevant index sponsor is replaced by a Successor 
Sponsor which is not acceptable to the Index 
Sponsor; 
(c) 
the licence granted by the relevant index sponsor to 
the Index Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates to use 
such Underlying Index in connection with the Index 
expires and is not renewed, or such licence is 
revoked, terminated, impaired or subject to any 
dispute; 
(d) 
the relevant index sponsor materially modifies its 
terms and conditions for the use of such Underlying 
Index and/or materially increases the fees for the use 
of such Underlying Index such that, in the Index 
Sponsor's reasonable determination, it is no longer 
economically 
reasonable 
to 
reference 
such 
Underlying Index; 
(e) 
the relevant index sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Sponsor fails to calculate and announce 
the level of such Underlying Index, or seriously or 
frequently delays the calculation and announcement 
of such level; 
(f) 
any exchange traded option or futures contracts 
relating to such Underlying Index or embedded in 
such Underlying Index are subject to any 
adjustments, or an announcement of any such 
adjustment is published; 
(g) 
any exchange traded option or futures contracts 
relating to such Underlying Index or embedded in 
such Underlying Index cease trading in the relevant 
futures exchanges or are subject to early settlement, 
or an announcement of any such cessation of trading 
or early settlement is published; 
(h) 
the relevant index sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or method of 
calculating such Underlying Index or in any other 
way materially modifies such Underlying Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain such Underlying Index in the 
event of changes in constituent securities and 
capitalisation and other routine events); 
(i) 
the currency in which such Underlying Index is 
denominated has changed and the Index Sponsor 
determines in its reasonable discretion that such 
change has a material effect on the level of the Index; 
or 
(j) 
any other event affecting such Underlying Index 
which, 
in 
the 
Index 
Sponsor's 
reasonable

--- Page 530 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
529 
 
determination, has an economically equivalent effect 
as one or more of the above events. 
Underlying Index Sponsor 
Means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the index sponsor 
of such Underlying Index as specified in the relevant Index 
Rule Book. 
Valuation Time  
Means, in respect of a Component that is: 
(a) 
a Share, the time at which the official closing price 
of such Share is calculated on and published by the 
Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is 
after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time; 
(b) 
an Underlying Index (other than a Systematic 
Index), the time at which the official closing level of 
such Index is calculated and published by the 
relevant index sponsor; 
(c) 
a Futures Contract, the time at which the official 
closing price of such Futures Contract is calculated 
on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time; or 
(d) 
an ETF Share, the time at which the Exchange 
calculates and publishes the official closing price of 
such ETF Share. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time 
falls after the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session, the Valuation Time means the time 
of the actual close of trading. 
 
3. 
Adjustment Events and Consequences 
3.1 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Share 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Share: 
(a) 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred in relation to a Component that is a Share, the Index Calculation Agent will 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Index Calculation Agent 
may (but is not obliged to): 
(i) 
make such determinations and/or adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate to the methodology used to calculate the Index as the Index 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s).

--- Page 531 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
530 
 
The Index Calculation Agent may determine the appropriate adjustment(s) to 
be made in accordance with the then prevailing "Corporate Actions 
Methodology". If any adjustments are made by the Related Exchange(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) to the methodology by 
reference to such adjustment(s) instead of the then prevailing "Corporate 
Actions Methodology". The Corporate Actions Methodology document will 
be made available upon request to the Index Sponsor. 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments as described in 
sub-paragraph (i) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate 
the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index Value.  
(iii) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has 
occurred in respect of a Component that is a Share, the following will apply: 
(A) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant 
Merger Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Index 
Calculation Agent deems relevant), the Index Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the methodology used to calculate the 
Index as the Index Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Index of such Merger Event 
or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to 
such Share), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to 
the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender 
Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on such Share traded 
thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after 
the date of the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or 
Delisting, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, the Index 
Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the 
methodology used to calculate the Index as the Index Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on 
the Index of the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to such Share), which may, but need not, be determined by 
reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on 
such Share traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(iv) 
if the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in 
sub-paragraph (i) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate 
the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index Value.  
3.2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is an Underlying 
Index 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is an Underlying Index: 
(a) 
Successor Sponsor or Successor Index 
In respect of a Component that is an Underlying Index, if such Underlying Index is (a) 
not calculated and announced by the relevant sponsor but is calculated and announced 
by a successor to the relevant sponsor (a "Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the Index

--- Page 532 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
531 
 
Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of 
the Index Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, and 
method of, calculation as used in the calculation of such Underlying Index, then in each 
case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be such Underlying Index. 
If either of the events described above have occurred, the Index Calculation Agent may 
make such determinations and/or adjustments that it determines to be appropriate to 
the methodology used to calculate the Index to account for such change (and such 
replacement and/or adjustment shall be deemed to be effective as of the date 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent). 
(b) 
Underlying Index Adjustment Events 
In respect of a Component that is an Underlying Index, if the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Index Adjustment Event has occurred, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Index and, 
if so, shall take one of the following actions as the Index Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate: 
(i) 
calculate the Index Value using, in lieu of a published level for such 
Underlying Index, the level for such Underlying Index as at the relevant date 
as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating such Underlying Index last in effect prior to that 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that are 
constituted in such Underlying Index immediately prior to that event; 
(ii) 
substitute such Underlying Index with another index with the same economic 
objectives as the original Underlying Index and make such consequential 
adjustments to the Index to account for the effect of such substitution; or 
(iii) 
remove such Underlying Index from the formula for and method of the 
calculation of the Index Value and rebase the Index using the remaining 
Components, and make such consequential adjustments to the weightings of 
the remaining Components and other adjustments to account for the effect of 
such rebasing. 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution as 
described above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index 
and the publication of the Index Value.  
3.3 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Commodity 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Commodity: 
(a) 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
(i) 
If the quotation of or trading in a Component that is a Commodity on the 
relevant Reference Market or the publication of the relevant price of such 
Commodity by the relevant Price Source is permanently discontinued while 
concurrently the quotation or trading is maintained or is commenced on 
another reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the 
relevant price of such Commodity is published by another price source (the 
"Substitute Price Source"), the Index Calculation Agent may determine that 
such Reference Market or Price Source shall be replaced by the Substitute 
Reference Market or Substitute Price Source respectively. In the case of such 
a substitution, any reference in the relevant Index Rules to the Reference 
Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source respectively. 
(ii) 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no substitution as described in 
sub-paragraph (i) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially

--- Page 533 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
532 
 
reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate 
the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index Value. 
(b) 
Changes in a Commodity 
(i) 
In respect of a Component that is a Commodity, if at any time such 
Commodity is terminated and/or replaced by another value or if such 
Commodity is traded in a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g., 
with a different degree of purity or a different point of origin) or in a different 
standard measuring unit, the Index Calculation Agent may make such 
determinations and/or adjustments that it determines to be appropriate to the 
methodology used to calculate the Index to account for such amendments 
and/or to replace such Commodity with a successor commodity (the 
"Successor Commodity") which is economically equivalent to the original 
concept of such Commodity.  
(ii) 
Following any replacement of such Commodity with a Successor Commodity, 
(i) the Index Calculation Agent may multiply the price of such Commodity by 
an adjustment factor determined by the Index Calculation Agent to be 
appropriate to account for the effect of such replacement on the calculation of 
the Index, and (ii) any reference in the relevant Index Rules to the Commodity 
shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Commodity. 
(iii) 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution 
as described in sub-paragraph (i) above would be possible or would achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue 
or terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index 
Value. 
3.4 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Currency 
Exchange Rate 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
In respect of a Component that is a Currency Exchange Rate, if the Index Calculation 
Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has occurred on the 
Reference Market, the Index Calculation Agent may make such determinations and/or 
adjustments that it determines to be appropriate to the methodology used to calculate 
the Index to account for such changed market conditions. 
(b) 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of a Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of a Component that is a 
Currency Exchange Rate or in the composition or weighting of the price or other 
reference parameters upon which such Currency Exchange Rate is based on (as 
compared to the Start Date) shall not lead to an adjustment to the methodology used to 
calculate the Index unless the Index Calculation Agent determines that, as a result of 
the changes (including corrections), the underlying concept and calculation of such 
Currency Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or 
calculation of such Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such changes. 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of a Currency Exchange Rate 
and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
For the purpose of making any adjustments to the methodology used to calculate the 
Index, if the Index Calculation Agent determines that, as a result of the changes 
(including corrections), the underlying concept and calculation of such Currency 
Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of 
such Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such changes, then the Index 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Index Value using an adjusted value or level for

--- Page 534 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
533 
 
such Currency Exchange Rate as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the underlying concept or calculation of such Currency Exchange Rate 
applicable prior to such changes. 
(c) 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with a Currency Exchange 
Rate 
In respect of a Component that is a Currency Exchange Rate, if any Relevant Currency 
(the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the country(ies) or 
jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues such 
currency is replaced by another currency or merged with another currency to become 
a common currency (in each case, the "Successor Currency"), the Affected Currency 
shall be replaced by the Successor Currency provided that, if applicable, the 
appropriate adjustments according to paragraph (b) above have been made. In the case 
of such a replacement, any reference in the relevant Index Rules to the Affected 
Currency thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency. 
(d) 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
In respect of a Component that is a Currency Exchange Rate, if the quotation of or 
trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently discontinued 
while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another market 
(the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Index Calculation Agent may determine that 
such Reference Market shall be replaced by the Substitute Reference Market. In the 
case of such a replacement, any reference in the relevant Index Rules to the Reference 
Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
(e) 
Discontinuation or termination due to an Adjustment Event 
In respect of a Component that is a Currency Exchange Rate, if the Index Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment described in paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, then the Index 
Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index and the 
publication of the Index Value.  
3.5 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Futures Contract 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Futures Contract: 
(a) 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
In respect of a Component that is a Futures Contract, if the quotation of or trading in 
such Futures Contract on the Reference Market or the publication of the relevant price 
of such Futures Contract by the Price Source is permanently discontinued while the 
quotation or trading is concurrently maintained or is commenced on another reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of such Futures 
Contract is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the 
Index Calculation Agent may determine that such Reference Market or Price Source 
shall be replaced by the Substitute Reference Market or Substitute Price Source 
respectively. In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the relevant Index 
Rules to the Reference Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer 
to the Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source respectively. 
(b) 
Changes in a Futures Contract 
In respect of a Component that is a Futures Contract, if at any time (a) such Futures 
Contract is terminated and/or replaced by another value, or (b) the relevant contract 
characteristics and/or conditions of such Futures Contract or the value underlying such 
Futures Contract are changed, the Index Calculation Agent may make such 
determinations and/or adjustments that it determines to be appropriate to the 
methodology used to calculate the Index to account for the events described in (a) and 
(b) herein and/or to replace such Futures Contract with a successor futures contract (the

--- Page 535 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
534 
 
"Successor Futures Contract") which is economically equivalent to the original 
concept of such Futures Contract.  
Following any replacement of such Futures Contract with a Successor Futures 
Contract, (i) the Index Calculation Agent may multiply the price of such Futures 
Contract by an adjustment factor determined by the Index Calculation Agent to be 
appropriate to account for the effect of such replacement on the calculation of the 
Index, and (ii) any reference in the relevant Index Rules to the Futures Contract shall, 
to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Futures Contract. 
(c) 
Discontinuation or termination due to an Adjustment Event 
In respect of a Component that is a Futures Contract, if the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment described in paragraph (a) or (b) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, then the Index Calculation 
Agent may discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of 
the Index Value.  
3.6 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is an ETF Share 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is an ETF Share: 
(a) 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred or is likely to occur in relation to a Component that is an ETF Share, the Index 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such ETF Share and, if so, 
the Index Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(i) 
make such determinations and/or adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate to the methodology used to calculate the Index as the Index 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Index 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) 
by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event and exchange contracts on such ETF Share made by the Related 
Exchange(s). 
The Index Calculation Agent may determine the appropriate adjustment(s) to 
be made in accordance with the then prevailing "Corporate Actions 
Methodology". If any adjustments are made by the Related Exchange(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) to the methodology by 
reference to such adjustment(s) instead of the then prevailing "Corporate 
Actions Methodology". The Corporate Actions Methodology will be made 
available upon request to the Index Sponsor. 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments as described in 
sub-paragraph (i) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or terminate 
the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index Value.  
(b) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in 
respect of a Component that is an ETF Share, the Index Calculation Agent may (but is 
not obliged to):

--- Page 536 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
535 
 
(i) 
undertake those adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, as 
the case may be, regarding the calculation methods, the settlement or payment 
or other terms in respect of the Index Rules to account for the effects of such 
Extraordinary Event in respect of the Index Rules and (B) determine the 
effective date of these adjustments; or 
(ii) 
if the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could 
make pursuant to paragraph (i) above leads to a commercially reasonable 
result, then the Index Calculation Agent may select: 
(A) 
another fund that is in the same currency and has the same investment 
objective as the relevant Fund (the "Replacement Fund"); and 
(B) 
the applicable day (the "Fund Replacement Date") for the 
replacement of the relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Index Calculation Agent may set the Fund 
Replacement Date as any date, including any date before the 
occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event or the Start Date), 
in which case, (A) the Replacement Fund shall replace the Relevant Fund with 
effect from the Fund Replacement Date, (B) references to the Fund in the 
relevant Index Rules are deemed, from the Fund Replacement Date, to be 
references to the Replacement Fund, and (C) the Index Calculation Agent may 
make such determinations and/or adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate to the methodology used to calculate the Index as the Index 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such substitution; or 
(iii) 
if the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or replacement 
as described in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above would be possible or would 
achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may 
discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of the 
Index Value.  
3.7 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Fund Unit 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Fund Unit: 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is 
likely to occur in relation to a Component that is a Fund Unit, the Index Calculation Agent will 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event is material and adversely affects the such 
Fund Unit or the calculation of the net asset value of such Fund Unit and, if so, the Index 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
make such determinations and/or adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate to 
the methodology used to calculate the Index as the Index Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for such Potential Adjustment Event, and determine the 
effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall be deemed 
to be so made from such date(s); and/or 
(b) 
select, by using reasonable efforts, one or more suitable alternative funds with 
reasonably similar investment mandates (each a "Replacement Fund") and replace the 
relevant Fund by such Replacement Fund, subject to the satisfaction of all of the 
following suitability criteria: 
(i) 
the relevant fund management company(ies) and fund manager(s) are willing 
to allow the fund to be referenced in the Index; 
(ii) 
the Index Calculation Agent can trade at net asset value or at bid price in such 
fund with no direct or indirect fee, levy or other charge whatsoever, including

--- Page 537 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
536 
 
subscription or redemption penalties applicable, or potentially applicable, to 
any such trading or any interest so acquired; 
(iii) 
such fund (or a relevant manager) publishes such fund's net asset value or bid 
price on a daily basis; and 
(iv) 
the Hedging Entity is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the 
Replacement Fund as at the date on which the Index Calculation Agent elects 
to replace the relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund; or 
(c) 
if the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or replacement as 
described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) above would be possible or would achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Index Calculation Agent may discontinue or 
terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index Value. 
3.8 
Consequences of Adjustment Events applicable to a Component that is a Reference Rate 
The provisions below shall apply to each Component that is a Reference Rate: 
In respect of a Component that is a Reference Rate, if the Index Calculation Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the Index Calculation Agent may, in its reasonable 
discretion: 
(a) 
if a successor reference rate has been determined for such Reference Rate by a public 
announcement issued by the administrator of such Reference Rate, the competent 
central bank or a regulatory and/or supervisory authority or a successor administrator, 
set such rate as the successor reference rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and use 
it instead of such Reference Rate on such Index Business Day and on any subsequent 
Index Business Day; 
(b) 
if a Successor Reference Rate has not been determined by such announcement, set as 
the successor reference rate a rate which is comparable to such Reference Rate at its 
reasonable discretion and taking into account market practices (the "Successor 
Reference Rate") and use such Successor Reference Rate on such Index Business Day 
and any subsequent Index Business Day, where, if the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that an appropriate rate exists which is generally accepted in the financial 
sector as the Successor Reference Rate for such Reference Rate, it will set such rate as 
the Successor Reference Rate and will use that Successor Reference Rate on such Index 
Business Day and any subsequent Index Business Day, 
provided that, in the event that a Successor Reference Rate is determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or (b) above, the Index Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine in its reasonable discretion the method for 
periodically determining the amount of the Successor Reference Rate and, if necessary, 
to make adjustments to the methodology for calculating the Index. 
If the Index Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Index Calculation 
Agent may discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of 
the Index Value. 
4. 
Disruption Events and Consequences 
If a Disruption Event occurs on any Index Business Day, the Index Calculation Agent may, its 
reasonable discretion, take any one of more of the following actions: 
(a) 
make such determinations and/or adjustments in relation to (a) the methodology used 
to calculate the Index, or (b) the Index Value of the Index, in each case, as the Index 
Calculation Agent considers necessary and/or appropriate to account for such 
Disruption Event and to preserve the objective of the Index; 
(b) 
substitute one or more Components;

--- Page 538 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
537 
 
(c) 
defer and/or suspend publication of the Index Value and any other information relating 
to the Index until it determines that no Disruption Event is occurring; and 
(d) 
discontinue or terminate the calculation of the Index and the publication of the Index 
Value. 
5. 
Change in Methodology, Corrections and Changes to the Index name and Publication of 
Index Value 
5.1 
Change in Methodology  
The Index Calculation Agent shall employ the methodology described herein in carrying out 
any calculations, determinations and/or adjustments in respect of the Index. The Index Sponsor 
reserves the right, its reasonable discretion, to make such modifications to the methodology of 
the Index (including the information or inputs on which the Index is based) from time to time, 
and consequently to the Index as it deems necessary to account for circumstances including, but 
not limited to, tradability, liquidity, taxation, regulatory and/or legal considerations. The Index 
Sponsor may refer any matter concerning any non-standard modifications to the methodology 
of the Index to the Index Committee for determination. The decision of the Index Committee 
will be final and binding on the Index Sponsor and the investors of any products linked to the 
Index.  
The Index Sponsor assumes no obligation to modify or change the methodology set out herein 
as a result of any market, regulatory, juridical, financial, fiscal or other circumstances 
(including, but not limited to, any changes to or any suspension or termination of or any other 
events affecting the Index or any Component). If the Index Sponsor elects to make a 
modification of or change in the methodology, the Index Sponsor will make reasonable efforts 
to ensure that such modifications or changes will result in a methodology that is consistent with 
the methodology described herein. 
5.2 
Corrections 
(a) 
Correction of levels 
In the event a price, level or rate published or made available in respect of a Component 
is subsequently corrected and such correction is published, then the Index Calculation 
Agent may, if practicable, adjust or correct the relevant calculation or determination, 
including the price, level or rate of such Component, as of any Index Business Day to 
take into account such correction. 
(b) 
Correction of errors 
Whilst the Index Calculation Agent strives to the best of its ability to ensure the 
correctness of the calculation of the Index, there may be circumstances in which the 
integrity and accuracy of the Index could be compromised by errors or inaccuracies in 
the process of calculating the Index, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
levels, values, prices, rates, amounts and numbers may be incorrectly 
interpreted and used; 
(ii) 
the methodology used to calculate the Index may be applied incorrectly, due 
to various reasons, such as the use of an inaccurate formula or missing values; 
(iii) 
data grab errors; 
(iv) 
a data vendor publishing incorrect data; 
(v) 
a data source revising previously published values; or 
(vi) 
incorrect trading calendars.

--- Page 539 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
538 
 
The Index Calculation Agent may follow a rules-based methodology to determine 
whether to correct the error(s) or not. When an error or a potential error is identified, 
the event should be appropriately investigated by the Index Calculation Agent, and may 
determine to take any one or more of the following actions: 
(vii) 
historical restatement of the levels or values of the Index; 
(viii) 
only a correction of the levels or values of the Index going forward; or 
(ix) 
no restatement or correction of the levels or values of the Index. 
The Index Calculation Agent may determine the appropriate correction(s) to be made 
in accordance with the then prevailing "Error Policy", which may be obtained from the 
Index Sponsor free of charge upon request in writing. 
From time to time, unexpected or unpredicted error types may also occur in the 
calculation of the Index. If such an error type is materially similar to another type within 
the Error Policy, then the Index Calculation Agent may determine to take the same 
action as specified within the Error Policy corresponding to such error identified above. 
If the Index Calculation wishes to deviate from the action(s) specified within the Error 
Policy corresponding to such error or such error type is not similar to any type 
identified in the Error Policy, then the Index Calculation Agent may refer such error 
type to an Index Committee for determination. The decision of the Index Committee 
will be final and binding on the Index Sponsor and the investors of any products linked 
to the Index. 
5.3 
Changes to the Index name and Publication of Index Value 
The Index Calculation Agent may, at any time and in its sole discretion, change the name of the 
Index, the data source on which the Index Value is published, the time at which the Index Value 
is published and/or change the frequency of the publication of the Index Value of the Index. 
6. 
Determinations by the Index Calculation Agent 
All calculations, determinations and adjustments made by the Index Calculation Agent that 
involve the exercise of discretion shall be made its reasonable discretion by reference to such 
factors as the Index Calculation Agent deems appropriate and will be final, conclusive and 
binding in the absence of manifest error. The Index Calculation Agent will endeavour to adhere 
to its prevailing "Corporate Actions Methodology", "Errors Policy" and "Material Change and 
Cessation Policy", all of which may be obtained from the Index Sponsor free of charge upon 
request in writing. 
The Index Calculation Agent reserves the right to make adjustments to correct errors contained 
in previously published information and to publish the corrected information, including but not 
limited to, any Index Value of the Index, but is under no obligation to do so and shall have no 
liability in respect of any errors or emissions contained in any subsequent publication.

--- Page 540 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
539 
 
Information on the Index Rule Book regarding the Leonteq Multi Asset Funds 5%RC Index 
This section contains extracts of the Index Rule Book regarding the Leonteq Multi Asset Funds 5%RC 
Index (version 1 of December 2021), which may be obtained from the index sponsor free of charge upon 
request in writing. 
7. 
Introduction, Index Objective and Overview, Important Information 
7.1 
Introduction 
The Leonteq Multi Asset Funds 5%RC Index (the "Index") is a notional rules-based proprietary 
index created by Leonteq Securities AG or its successor (the "Index Sponsor"). The Index is 
calculated and published by Leonteq Securities AG as the index calculation agent (the "Index 
Calculation Agent"). 
7.2 
Index Objective and Overview 
The Index provides synthetic exposure to a fixed basket of mutual funds, as described in Section 
3 (the "Volatility Asset"), and (ii) the three-month EUR European Interbank Offered Rate (the 
"Cash Component", and together with the Volatility Asset, the "Components" and each a 
"Component"). 
The Volatility Asset seeks a total return return via a fixed allocation to the basket of mutual 
funds as set out under Section 3 in the table under the definition of “Volatility Asset” (each, a 
"Fund").  
The exposure of the Index to each Component is determined using a "volatility target 
mechanism", by comparing the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset measured during a 20-
day lookback period against the pre-determined target volatility of 5% (the "Target Volatility"). 
The "volatility target mechanism" will increase the exposure of the Index to the Volatility Asset 
(and, in turn, the  Funds) if the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset is lower than the Target 
Volatility and will reduce the exposure of the Index to the Volatility Asset (and, in turn, the  
Funds) if the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset is higher than the Target Volatility, subject 
to a minimum exposure of 0% and a maximum exposure of 150%. 
The Index is calculated on a "total return" basis, which means the percentage exposure that is 
not invested in the Volatility Asset is invested in a deposit which changes in value according to 
the level of the Cash Component. More details are given in Section 4. 
The Index represents a notional investment in a synthetic portfolio of assets. There is no 
obligation on the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent to purchase and/or hold any 
components of the Index and there is no actual portfolio of assets to which any person is entitled 
or in which any person has any ownership interest.  
7.3 
Important Information 
The information set out in this Index Rule Book reflects the policies of the Index Sponsor, and 
is subject to change in accordance with the sections entitled "Adjustment Events and 
Consequences", "Disruption Events and Consequences" and "Change in Methodology, 
Corrections and Changes to the Index name and Publication of Index Value" of the Global 
Methodology. The purposes, aims and intentions of the methodology described in this Index 
Rule Book may not be achieved.  
Each version of this document is dated. Upon each update to a new version of this document, 
the most recent version shall be deemed to be in form from the date of such update and shall 
replace the preceding version in its entirety. 
Prospective investors in any transaction or product linked to the Index should read this 
Index Rule Book in conjunction with the Global Methodology prior to making any 
investment decision, in particular, the section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Index Rule 
Book and the sections entitled "Conflicts of Interest" and "Disclaimers" of the Global 
Methodology. Prospective investors in any transaction or product linked to the Index

--- Page 541 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
540 
 
should seek their own independent accounting, tax, investment and legal advice before 
making any investment decision. 
8. 
Key Information relating to the Index 
Index Name 
Leonteq Multi Asset Funds 5%RC Index 
Index Type 
Total Return 
Start Date 
04 February 2015 
Launch Date 
02 December 2021 
Bloomberg Ticker 
LEONMAF5 <Index> 
Index Currency 
Euro ("EUR") 
Index Sponsor 
Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Index Calculation Agent 
Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Initial Value 
1,000 
Volatility Target 
5% 
Maximum Weight 
150% 
 
9. 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Index Rule Book, the following terms shall have the meanings specified 
below: 
Cash Component 
Means, in respect of any Index Business Day, the three-month 
EUR European Interbank Offered Rate (the "3-Month EUR 
EURIBOR") as published on the Bloomberg screen page 
EUR003M  <Index> at 11:00 am (Central European time) 
(the "Relevant Time") on such Index Business Day, provided 
that if the Index Calculation Agent determines that such 
reference rate does not appear on the relevant screen page or 
the relevant screen page is unavailable, the Index Calculation 
Agent will (i) request a European office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of such reference rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on such Index Business 
Day to prime banks in the European interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, (ii) determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations (rounded upwards, if necessary, to 4 decimal 
places), provided that if fewer than two such quotations are 
provided as requested under (i) above, then the Index 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
reference rate in respect of such Index Business Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Cash Component 
shall be a "Reference Rate" for the purposes of the Global 
Methodology.

--- Page 542 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
541 
 
Change in Law 
Means that on or after the Start Date, (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority) by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Index Calculation Agent determines its reasonable 
discretion that (a) it has become illegal for the Index Sponsor, 
the Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates to (a) 
hold, acquire or dispose of any hedge position in relation to 
any Component (or any underlying component therein), or (b) 
the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or any of their 
affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its respective obligations with respect to the Index and/or any 
transaction or product linked to the Index (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Component(s) 
Each of (i) the Volatility Asset, as defined in Section 3 and 
(ii) the Cash Component, as defined in Section 1. 
Each Volatility Asset Component shall also be deemed to be 
a "Component" for the purposes of Section 2 (Definitions), 
Section 3 (Adjustment Events and Consequences), Section 4 
(Disruption Events and Consequences) and Section 5.2 
(Corrections) of the Global Methodology. 
Index 
As defined in Section 1. 
 
 
Index Business Day 
Means, in respect of the Funds comprising the Volatility 
Asset, any day on which the relevant Fund Management 
Company for each Fund (and not some only) is scheduled to 
calculate and publish the Volatility Asset Component Level 
of such Fund, provided that such day is not a Disrupted Day 
for any Fund in the  Volatility Asset. 
Index Calculation Agent 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Currency 
As defined in Section 2. 
Index Sponsor 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Value 
Means, in respect of any Index Business Day, the value of the 
Index as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Section 4. 
Initial Value 
As defined in Section 2. 
Maximum Weight 
As defined in Section 2. 
Start Date 
As defined in Section 2. 
Volatility Asset Component 
Means a fixed basket of the following ten Funds:

--- Page 543 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
542 
 
 
 
Volatility Asset Component 
Level 
Means, in respect of an Index Business Day and a Fund, the 
net asset value of such Fund in the Volatility Asset on such 
Index Business Day, as calculated and published by the Fund 
Management Company for such Fund. 
Volatility Asset Start Date 
02 January 2015 
Volatility Asset Level 
As defined in Section 4.3 
Volatility Target 
As defined in Section 2. 
i 
Fund Name 
Price Source 
Domicile 
ISIN Code 
Fund 
Management 
Company 
Weigh
ting 
1 
M&G Lux Investment 
Funds 1 - M&G Lux 
Global Macro Bond 
Fund 
MGGMECA LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU1670720462 
M&G 
Luxembourg SA 
10% 
2 
Carmignac Portfolio 
Global Bond 
CARGLBD LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0336083497 
Carmignac 
Gestion 
Luxembourg 
10% 
3 Robeco Capital Growth 
Funds - High Yield 
Bonds 
RGCGMNA LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0085136942 
Robeco 
Institutional 
Asset 
Management US 
Inc 
10% 
4 BlackRock Global Funds 
- Global Government 
Bond Fund 
MISGHEU LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0297944059 
BlackRock 
Investment 
Management UK 
Ltd/United 
Kingdom 
10% 
5 PIMCO GIS Euro Bond 
Fund 
PIMEUBA ID 
Equity 
Ireland 
IE00B11XYY66 PIMCO Global 
Advisors Ireland 
Ltd 
10% 
6 Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 
10 MA Fund 
NORMABP LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0445386369 
Nordea 
Investment 
Management AB 
10% 
7 
Allianz Strategy 50 
ALSFFCT LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0352312184 
Allianz Global 
Investors GmbH 
10% 
8 BlackRock Global Funds 
- ESG Multi-Asset Fund 
MEREGBI LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0093503497 
BlackRock 
Luxembourg SA 
10% 
9 Blackrock Global Funds 
- Global Long-Horizon 
Equity Fund 
BGGOD2E LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0827882639 
BlackRock 
Luxembourg SA 
10% 
10 
Sustainable Global 
Thematic Portfolio 
ALLATIE LX 
Equity 
Luxembourg 
LU0252216998 
AllianceBernstei
n Luxembourg 
SARL 
10%

--- Page 544 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
543 
 
 
10. 
Calculation of the Index 
10.1 
Calculation of the Index Value 
In respect of each Index Business Day falling after the Start Date (such day "Index Business 
Day t"), the Index Calculation Agent will calculate the Index Value in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡= 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡−1 × (1 + 𝐸𝑡−1 × [ 𝐵𝑡
𝐵𝑡−1
−1] + (1 −𝐸𝑡−1) × (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 × 𝑑𝑡
𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑣)) 
Where: 
Indext 
Means the Index Value on Index Business Day t.  
Indext-1 
Means the Index Value on the Index Business Day t-1. 
Et-1 
Means the Exposure of the Index to the Volatility Asset in 
respect of Index Business Day t-1. 
Bt 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t, as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent under Section 
10.3 below. 
Bt-1 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-1. 
Ratet-1 
Means the Cash Component on Index Business Day t-1. 
conv 
Means 360. 
dt 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the number of 
calendar days falling in the period commencing from, but 
excluding, Index Business Day t-1 and ending on, and 
including, Index Business Day t. 
Index0 
Means the Initial Value. 
Index Business Day t-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the Index Business 
Day immediately preceding such Index Business Day t. 
 
The Index Value shall be expressed in the Index Currency. The Index Value in respect of any 
Index Business Day shall not be less than zero. If Index Value in respect of any Index Business 
Day is reduced to zero on any Index Business Day, the Index Value on each subsequent Index 
Business Day thereafter will be equal to zero and shall remain at zero. 
The Index Value shall be expressed in the Index Currency. The Index Value will be published 
in respect of each Index Business Day on Bloomberg screen page LEONMAF5 <Index>. 
10.2 
Calculation of the Exposure to the Volatility Asset 
In order to determine the exposure ("Exposure") of the Index to the Volatility Asset on each 
Index Business Day t, the Index Calculation Agent will employ the following volatility target 
mechanism: 
(a) 
Firstly, the Index Calculation Agent will calculate the realised volatility ("Volatilityt") 
of the Volatility Asset in respect of Index Business Day t in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 545 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
544 
 
𝑽𝒐𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒍𝒊𝒕𝒚𝒕= √252
20 ∑[𝑳𝒏( 𝑩𝒕−𝒊
𝑩𝒕−𝒊−𝟏
)]
𝟐
𝟏𝟗
𝒊=𝟎
 
Where: 
i 
Means the number of Index Business Days immediately 
preceding Index Business Day t. 
Bt-i 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-i, 
calculated according to Section 10.3 below. 
Bt-i-1 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-i-
1, calculated according to Section 10.3 below. 
Index Business Day t-i 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the Index Business 
Day which falls on a number of Index Business Days equal to 
the value of "i" immediately preceding such Index Business 
Day t. For example, where i=1, Index Business Day t-i shall 
be the Index Business Day immediately preceding Index 
Business Day t; where i=2, Index Business Day t-i shall be 
the second Index Business Day immediately preceding Index 
Business Day t; and so on. 
Index Business Day t-i-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t-i, the Index 
Business Day immediately preceding such Index Business 
Day t-i. 
 
(b) 
Secondly, the Exposure ("Et") of the Index to the Volatility Asset on Index Business 
Day t will be determined by the Index Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
if Volatilityt is equal to zero, then Et shall be equal to the Maximum Weight; 
(ii) 
otherwise, Et shall be determined in accordance with the formula below: 
𝐸𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥𝑊;
𝑉𝑇
𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦𝑡−1
) 
Where: 
MaxW 
Means the Maximum Weight of the Volatility Asset. 
Min 
Followed by a series of amounts inside brackets means 
whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated by a semi-
colon inside those brackets. 
Volatilityt-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the realised 
volatility of the Volatility Asset in respect of Index Business 
Day t-1, as determined in accordance with paragraph 10.2(a) 
above as if each reference to Index Business Day t was a 
reference to Index Business Day t-1. 
VT 
Means the Volatility Target.

--- Page 546 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
545 
 
10.3 
Calculation of the Volatility Asset Level 
In respect of each Index Business Day falling after the Volatility Asset Start Date (such 
day "Index Business Day t"), the Index Calculation Agent will calculate the Volatility 
Asset Level ("Bt") in accordance with the following formula:  
  
𝐵𝑡= 𝐵𝑡−1 × (∑𝑁𝐴𝑉𝑡
𝑘
𝑁𝐴𝑉𝑡−1
𝑘
10
𝑘=1
× 𝑤𝑟
𝑘) 
Where: 
𝑁𝐴𝑉𝑡
𝑘 
Means the Volatility Asset Component Level of the kth 
Volatility Asset Component on Index  Business Day t 
𝑁𝐴𝑉𝑡−1
𝑘 
Means the Volatility Asset Component Level of the kth 
Volatility Asset Component on the Index Business Day t-1 
𝑤𝑟
𝑘 
Means the Weighting of the kth Volatility Asset Component, 
as outlined in Section 3 
𝑘 
Denotes the 1st to 10th   Volatility Asset Component 
comprising the Volatility Asset. 
B0 
Means the Volatility Asset Level of the Volatility Asset on 
Volatility Asset Start Date, equal to 1000 EUR. 
 
10.4 
Publication of the Index Value 
The Index Value will be published on each Index Business Day on Bloomberg screen page 
LEONMAF5 <Index>.

--- Page 547 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
546 
 
Information on the Index Rule Book regarding the Leonteq Electric Vehicles 11%RC Index  
This section contains extracts of the Index Rule Book regarding the Leonteq Electric Vehicles 11%RC 
Index (version 1 of 11 May 2021, which may be obtained from the index sponsor free of charge upon 
request in writing. 
11. 
Introduction, Index Objective and Overview, Important Information 
11.1 
Introduction 
The Leonteq Electric Vehicles 11%RC Index (the "Index") is a notional rules-based proprietary 
index created by Leonteq Securities AG or its successor (the "Index Sponsor"). The Index is 
calculated and published by Leonteq Securities AG as the index calculation agent (the "Index 
Calculation Agent"). 
11.2 
Index Objective and Overview 
The Index provides synthetic exposure to (i) Morningstar Developed Markets Electric & 
Autonomous Vehicles 30 NR EUR (the "Volatility Asset"), a notional rules-based proprietary 
index created by Morningstar Inc. as index sponsor and calculated and published by Standard 
& Poor’s Global Inc. as index calculation agent to Bloomberg-screen page MSAV30NE 
<Index>, and (ii) the three-month EUR European Interbank Offered Rate (the "Cash 
Component", and together with the Volatility Asset, the "Components" and each a 
"Component"). Further information on the Volatility Asset may be obtained from the following 
link: https://indexes.morningstar.com/our-indexes/all-asset-types/F000014XNF 
The exposure of the Index to each Component is determined using a "volatility target 
mechanism", by comparing the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset measured during a 20-
day lookback period against the pre-determined target volatility of 11% (the "Target 
Volatility"). The "volatility target mechanism" will increase the exposure of the Index to the 
Volatility Asset (and, in turn, the components underlying the Volatility Asset (each, a 
"Volatility Asset Component") if the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset is lower than the 
Target Volatility and will reduce the exposure of the Index to the Volatility Asset (and, in turn, 
the Volatility Asset Components) if the realised volatility of the Volatility Asset is higher than 
the Target Volatility, subject to a minimum exposure of 0% and a maximum exposure of 100%. 
The Index is calculated on a "total return" basis, which means the percentage exposure that is 
not invested in the Volatility Asset is invested in a deposit which changes in value according to 
the level of the Cash Component.  
The value of the Index will be reduced by the deduction of a synthetic dividend.  
The value of the Index will be reduced by certain transaction costs, which are intended to 
synthetically reflect the transaction costs that a hypothetical investor would incur if such 
hypothetical investor were to enter into and maintain direct investment positions to provide the 
same exposure as the Index. 
The Index represents a notional investment in a synthetic portfolio of assets. There is no 
obligation on the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent to purchase and/or hold any 
components of the Index and there is no actual portfolio of assets to which any person is entitled 
or in which any person has any ownership interest. References to any rebalancing of the Index 
should not be construed as imposing an obligation on the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation 
Agent or any person actually to acquire or dispose of any securities, investments, assets or other 
property. 
1.2 
Important Information 
The information set out in this Index Rule Book reflects the policies of the Index Sponsor, and 
is subject to change in accordance with the sections entitled "Adjustment Events and 
Consequences", "Disruption Events and Consequences" and "Change in Methodology, 
Corrections and Changes to the Index name and Publication of Index Value" of the Global

--- Page 548 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
547 
 
Methodology. The purposes, aims and intentions of the methodology described in this Index 
Rule Book may not be achieved.  
Each version of this document is dated. Upon each update to a new version of this document, 
the most recent version shall be deemed to be in form from the date of such update and shall 
replace the preceding version in its entirety. 
Prospective investors in any transaction or product linked to the Index should read this Index 
Rule Book in conjunction with the Global Methodology prior to making any investment 
decision, in particular, the section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Index Rule Book and the 
sections entitled "Conflicts of Interest" and "Disclaimers" of the Global Methodology. 
Prospective investors in any transaction or product linked to the Index should seek their own 
independent accounting, tax, investment and legal advice before making any investment 
decision. 
2. 
Key Information relating to the Index 
Index Name 
Leonteq Electric Vehicles 11%RC Index 
Index Type 
Total Return 
Start Date 
18 January 2016 
Launch Date 
11 May 2021 
Bloomberg Ticker 
LEONEV11 Index 
Index Currency 
EUR 
Index Sponsor 
Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Index Calculation Agent 
Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Initial Value 
1000 
Volatility Target 
11% 
Maximum Weight 
100% 
 
12. 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Index Rule Book, the following terms shall have the meanings specified 
below. Capitalised terms used in this Index Rule Book which are not defined herein shall have 
the same meanings as specified in the Global Methodology. 
Cash Component 
Means, in respect of any Index Business Day, the three-month 
European Interbank Offered Rate (the "3-Month EUR 
EURIBOR") as published on the Bloomberg screen page 
EUR003M  <Index> at 11:45 am (Central European time) 
(the "Relevant Time") on such Index Business Day, provided 
that if the Index Calculation Agent determines that such 
reference rate does not appear on the relevant screen page or 
the relevant screen page is unavailable, the Index Calculation 
Agent will (i) request a European office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of such reference rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on such Index Business 
Day to prime banks in the European interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that

--- Page 549 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
548 
 
market at that time, (ii) determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations (rounded upwards, if necessary, to 4 decimal 
places), provided that if fewer than two such quotations are 
provided as requested under (i) above, then the Index 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
reference rate in respect of such Index Business Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Cash Component 
shall be a "Reference Rate" for the purposes of the Global 
Methodology. 
Component(s) 
Each of (i) the Volatility Asset, and (ii) the Cash Component, 
as defined in Section 1. 
Index 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Business Day 
A Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Volatility Asset, 
subject to any adjustments in accordance with Section 4 
(Disruption Events and Consequences) of the Global 
Methodology. 
Index Calculation Agent 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Currency 
As defined in Section 2. 
Index Sponsor 
As defined in Section 1. 
Index Value 
Means, in respect of any Index Business Day, the value of the 
Index as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Section 4. 
Initial Value 
As defined in Section 2. 
Launch Date 
As defined in Section 2. 
Maximum Weight 
As defined in Section 2 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Means any day on which the Volatility Asset Calculation 
Agent is scheduled to calculate and publish the level of the 
Volatility Asset. The definition of “Scheduled Trading Day” 
in the Global Methodology is amended accordingly. 
Start Date 
As defined in Section 2. 
Synthetic Dividend 
Means 3.5%. 
Transaction Cost 
Means 0.30%. 
Underlying Index Sponsor 
Morningstar Inc. 22 West Washington Street, Chicago, IL 
60602. United States 
Volatility Asset 
As defined in Section 1. The Volatility Asset shall be 
“Systematic Index" for the purposes of the Global 
Methodology. 
Volatility Asset Calculation 
Agent 
Standard & Poor’s Global Inc; 55 Water Street, New York, 
10041. United States 
Volatility Asset Level 
Means, in respect of an Index Business Day, the level of the 
Volatility Asset on such Index Business Day, as calculated 
and published by the Volatility Asset Calculation Agent 
within the scheduled or usual timeframe for publication.

--- Page 550 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
549 
 
Volatility Target 
As defined in Section 2. 
 
13. 
Calculation of the Index 
13.1 
Calculation of the Index Value 
In respect of each Index Business Day falling after the Start Date (such day "Index Business 
Day t"), the Index Calculation Agent will calculate the Index Value in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡= 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡−1
× (1 + {𝐸𝑡−1 × [ 𝐵𝑡
𝐵𝑡−1
−1 −(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 × 𝑑𝑡
𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑣)]} −(𝑆𝑦𝑛𝐷𝑖𝑣× 𝑑𝑡
𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑣)
−(𝑇𝐶× 𝑑𝑡
𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑣)) 
Where: 
Indext 
Means the Index Value on Index Business Day t.  
Indext-1 
Means the Index Value on the Index Business Day t-1. 
Et-1 
Means the Exposure of the Index to the Volatility Asset in 
respect of Index Business Day t-1. 
Bt 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t. 
Bt-1 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-1. 
Ratet-1 
Means the Cash Component on Index Business Day t-1. 
conv 
Means 360. 
dt 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the number of 
calendar days falling in the period commencing from, but 
excluding, Index Business Day t-1 and ending on, and 
including, Index Business Day t. 
Index0 
Means the Initial Value. 
Index Business Day t-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the Index Business 
Day immediately preceding such Index Business Day t. 
TC 
Means the Transaction Cost. 
SynDiv 
Means the Synthetic Dividend. 
 
The Index Value shall be expressed in the Index Currency. The Index Value in respect of any 
Index Business Day shall not be less than zero. If Index Value in respect of any Index Business 
Day is reduced to zero on any Index Business Day, the Index Value on each subsequent Index 
Business Day thereafter will be equal to zero and shall remain at zero. 
13.2 
Calculation of the Exposure to the Volatility Asset 
In order to determine the exposure ("Exposure") of the Index to the Volatility Asset on each 
Index Business Day t, the Index Calculation Agent will employ the following volatility target 
mechanism:

--- Page 551 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
550 
 
(a) 
Firstly, the Index Calculation Agent will calculate the realised volatility ("Volatilityt") 
of the Volatility Asset in respect of Index Business Day t in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑽𝒐𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒍𝒊𝒕𝒚𝒕= √252
20 ∑[𝑳𝒏( 𝑩𝒕−𝒊
𝑩𝒕−𝒊−𝟏
)]
𝟐
𝟏𝟗
𝒊=𝟎
 
Where: 
i 
Means the number of Index Business Days immediately 
preceding Index Business Day t. 
Bt-i 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-i. 
Bt-i-1 
Means the Volatility Asset Level on Index Business Day t-i-
1. 
Index Business Day t-i 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the Index Business 
Day which falls on a number of Index Business Days equal to 
the value of "i" immediately preceding such Index Business 
Day t. For example, where i=0, Index Business Day t-i shall 
mean Index Business Day t; where i=1, Index Business Day t-
i shall be the Index Business Day immediately preceding 
Index Business Day t; where i=2, Index Business Day t-i shall 
be the second Index Business Day immediately preceding 
Index Business Day t; and so on. 
Index Business Day t-i-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t-i, the Index 
Business Day immediately preceding such Index Business 
Day t-i. 
(b) 
Secondly, the Exposure ("Et") of the Index to the Volatility Asset on Index Business 
Day t will be determined by the Index Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph 
(i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
if Volatilityt is equal to zero, then Et shall be equal to the Maximum Weight; 
(ii) 
otherwise, Et shall be determined in accordance with the formula below: 
𝐸𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥𝑊;
𝑉𝑇
𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦𝑡−1
) 
Where: 
MaxW 
Means the Maximum Weight of the Volatility Asset. 
Min 
Followed by a series of amounts inside brackets means 
whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated by a semi-
colon inside those brackets. 
Volatilityt-1 
Means, in respect of Index Business Day t, the realised 
volatility of the Volatility Asset in respect of Index Business 
Day t-1, as determined in accordance with paragraph 10.2(a) 
above as if each reference to Index Business Day t was a 
reference to Index Business Day t-1. 
VT 
Means the Volatility Target.

--- Page 552 ---
Information on Proprietary Indices 
551 
 
13.3 
Publication of the Index Value 
The Index Value will be published on each Index Business Day on Bloomberg screen page 
LEONEV11 Index.

--- Page 553 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
552 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ .................................................................... 82 
€ .................................................................... 76 
30/360 ........................................................... 92 
30E/360 ........................................................ 92 
ABS ............................................................ 242 
Acceptance Statement ................................ 483 
Accountholder ........................................ 59, 74 
Accumulated Dividends ............................. 199 
Accumulated Dividendsi .................... 194, 196 
Actual Daysi ............................................... 198 
Actual/360 .................................................... 92 
Actual/365 .................................................... 92 
Actual/365 (Fixed)........................................ 92 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 91 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 92 
Additional Disruption Event259, 268, 277, 285, 
294, 301, 308, 316, 323, 333, 338 
Adjustment Event ....................... 301, 308, 316 
Adjustment Factor ...................................... 237 
AF ............................................................... 237 
Affected Assets ....................................... 65, 74 
Affected Basket Component257, 267, 275, 299, 
307, 314, 322, 332 
Affected Commodity .......................... 292, 293 
Affected Currency ...................................... 299 
Affected Currency Exchange Rate ............. 298 
Affected Depositary Receipt .............. 282, 284 
Affected ETF Share .................................... 320 
Affected Fund Unit ..................................... 331 
Affected Futures Contract .......................... 306 
Affected Index ............................................ 274 
Affected Instrument .................................... 313 
Affected Participation Certificate ............... 265 
Affected Share ............................................ 256 
Affiliate ......................................................... 74 
Agency Agreement ................................. 57, 74 
Agents ........................................................... 74 
Alternative Currency ................................... 208 
American Barrier Bonus Products .............. 161 
American Barrier Twin Win Product .......... 130 
American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 .................................................................... 114 
AMF (Final) ................................................ 198 
AMF (t) ....................................................... 198 
AMF (t-1) .................................................... 198 
APF (Final) ................................................. 199 
APF (t) ........................................................ 199 
APF (t-1) ..................................................... 199 
Authorised Offeror ...................................... 483 
Authorised Offeror(s) .................................. 462 
Autocall Basket Performance ........................ 96 
Autocall Coupon Amount ............................. 96 
Autocall Event .............................................. 96 
Autocall Fixing Basket Level ....................... 98 
Autocall Fixing Level ................................... 98 
Autocall Fixing Leveli .................................. 98 
Autocall Maximum Redemption Amount ..... 98 
Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage
 .................................................................... 100 
Autocall Observation Date ............................ 98

--- Page 554 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
553 
 
Autocall Observation Period ........................ 99 
Autocall Period Observation Date ................ 99 
Autocall Provisions .................................... 247 
Autocall Redemption Amount ...................... 99 
Autocall Redemption Date ......................... 100 
Autocall Redemption Table ........................ 100 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level ................... 100 
Autocall Trigger Level ............................... 100 
Average ...................................................... 247 
Barrier Basket Level .... 114, 130, 141, 161, 180 
Barrier Event ............... 114, 130, 141, 161, 180 
Barrier Event Basket Level......................... 142 
Barrier Fixing Basket Level115, 131, 143, 162, 
181 
Barrier Fixing Level .... 116, 132, 143, 162, 181 
Barrier Fixing Leveli ... 115, 131, 143, 162, 181 
Barrier Level................ 116, 132, 143, 162, 181 
Barrier Observation Date116, 132, 143, 163, 
181 
Barrier Observation Period116, 132, 143, 163, 
181 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 181 
Base Currency ............................................ 301 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price ......... 301 
Base Prospectus ...................... 1, 342, 343, 480 
Basket Component259, 268, 277, 285, 294, 
301, 308, 316, 323, 333 
Basket Performance .................................... 242 
Bearish Final Basket Return ............... 143, 227 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike) .. 143, 228 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................ 40 
Best Performing Underlying116, 132, 144, 163, 
220, 228 
Bonus Basket Level .................................... 163 
Bonus Event ............................................... 163 
Bonus Level ................................................ 163 
Bonus Percentage ........................................ 163 
Bonus Product Style .................................... 164 
BP ............................................................... 164 
Business Centre ............................................. 74 
Business Day ................................................. 74 
Business Day Convention ............................. 74 
C Rules ........................................................ 477 
CA ............................... 144, 164, 208, 220, 228 
Calculated Coupon Amount .......................... 86 
Calculation Agent ............................... 7, 57, 74 
Calculation Amount ...................................... 75 
Calculation Period ......................................... 91 
Cap ...................................... 116, 132, 144, 181 
Cap Level .................................................... 210 
Cap Percentage ........... 116, 132, 144, 164, 181 
Certificates .............................................. 57, 75 
Change in Law259, 268, 277, 285, 294, 301, 
316, 323, 333, 338 
CISA ................................................. 5, 16, 343 
Cleared Product ............................................. 75 
Cleared Products ........................................... 75 
Clearing System Business Day ..................... 75 
Clearstream ................................................... 75 
Clearstream Rules ......................................... 75 
Closing Index Level .................................... 277 
Closing Price ....................... 268, 285, 316, 323 
Closing Share Price ..................................... 259 
CNY .............................................................. 75 
CNY Financial Centre ................................... 76 
CNY FX Disruption Event ............................ 75 
CNY Governmental Authority ...................... 76 
CNY Illiquidity Event ................................... 75

--- Page 555 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
554 
 
CNY Inconvertibility Event.......................... 75 
CNY Non-Transferability Event .................. 75 
CO ........................................................ 12, 480 
Code ......................................... 21, 71, 76, 467 
Commodity ................................................. 295 
Commodity Linked Products ........................ 81 
Commodity Reference Price ....................... 295 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date
 .................................................................... 100 
Common Depositary ..................................... 76 
Common Lock-In Event116, 164, 181, 368, 
391, 402 
Conditional Coupon Amount........................ 87 
Conditional Coupon Provisions .................... 87 
Conditions .............................................. 57, 76 
Conditions to Consent ................................ 484 
CONSOB .................................................... 473 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 ................ 473 
Constitutional Document(s) ........................ 323 
Conversion Ratio ........................................ 247 
Conversion Ratio (Discount) ...................... 210 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) ................. 220 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded) ...................... 248 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) ........................ 199 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) ....................... 220 
Cooperation Agreement .......................... 21, 76 
Corrected Level .......................................... 276 
Corrected Price258, 267, 285, 294, 308, 315, 
323 
Corrected Rate .................................... 300, 338 
Corrected Value .......................................... 333 
Corresponding Redemption Amount .......... 248 
Coupon ......................................................... 62 
Coupon Amount ........................................... 87 
Coupon Fixing Basket Level......................... 87 
Coupon Fixing Level .................................... 87 
Coupon Fixing Leveli ................................... 87 
Coupon Observation Date ............................. 87 
Coupon Observation Period .......................... 88 
Coupon Payment Date .................................. 88 
Coupon Payment Table ................................. 88 
Coupon Period .............................................. 88 
Coupon Provisions ...................................... 248 
Coupon Rate ......................................... 88, 208 
Coupon Ratei .......................................... 86, 94 
Coupon Spread .............................................. 89 
Coupon Style ................................................. 89 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level ....................... 89 
Coupon Trigger Event ................................... 89 
Coupon Trigger Level ................................... 90 
Coupons ........................................................ 76 
CP ....................................... 116, 132, 144, 181 
CPP ..................................................... 116, 144 
CR (Warrant) .............................................. 220 
CRA Regulation .......................................... 485 
Cross Currency ........................................... 301 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price . 301 
Currency Exchange Rate ............................. 301 
Currency Exchange Rate Business Day ...... 301 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products.... 81 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time ... 301 
Currency Exchange Reference Rate............ 302 
Currency Replacement Event ........................ 77 
Custody Bank ................................................ 76 
D Rules ....................................................... 477 
D1 ........................................................... 92, 93

--- Page 556 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
555 
 
D2 ........................................................... 92, 93 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount . 90, 116 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions .... 90, 
116 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event91, 
116 
Day Count (t) .............................................. 199 
Day Count Fraction .............................. 91, 248 
DCF .......................................93, 181, 225, 240 
DCFDCN .................................................... 209 
Dealer ......................................................... 471 
Dealer Poll .................................................... 76 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 58, 
76 
Delisting ...................... 259, 268, 285, 316, 323 
deliver ........................................................... 65 
deliverable .................................................... 65 
delivered ....................................................... 65 
delivery ......................................................... 65 
Delivery Date76, 117, 132, 164, 175, 181, 210, 
248 
Delivery Entitlement Instruction .................. 76 
Delivery Underlying ................................... 248 
Denomination Currency ..................... 323, 334 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 285 
Depositary Receipt ..................................... 286 
Depositary Receipt Linked Products ............ 81 
Depositary Receipts ...................................... 30 
Derivative Instrument ................................. 316 
Derivative Instrument Linked Products ........ 82 
Derived Exchange Rate .............................. 302 
Discount Products ....................................... 210 
Disrupted Day259, 268, 277, 286, 295, 302, 
309, 316, 323, 334 
Dividend Amount ....................................... 199 
Dividend Amount (FX) ............................... 199 
Dividend Fixing Level ................................ 199 
Dividend Payment Day ............................... 199 
Dividend Reinvestment Day ....................... 200 
Downside Participation Percentage117, 
164, 
228, 237 
DPP ..................................... 117, 164, 228, 237 
Dual Currency Product Style ...................... 209 
Dual Exchange Rate ...................................... 77 
Early Closure .............. 259, 268, 277, 286, 323 
Early Closure of the Reference Market302, 316 
EDSP ........................................................... 277 
EEA ..................................................... 1, 4, 341 
EEA Retail Investor .................................... 472 
EFGI ............................................................... 2 
EFGI Group .................................................. 47 
EFGIF ............................................................. 2 
Entitlement76, 117, 132, 164, 175, 181, 210, 
248 
ERISA ......................................................... 479 
ESMA ............................................................. 5 
ESMA Register ............................................. 40 
ETF ....................................................... 36, 324 
ETF Linked Products .................................... 82 
ETF Share ................................................... 324 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ............................ 5 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ............................ 4, 341 
EU Prospectus Regulation .............. 1, 341, 343 
EUR .............................................................. 76 
euro ............................................................... 76 
Eurobond Basis ............................................. 92 
Euroclear ....................................................... 76 
Euroclear Rules ............................................. 76

--- Page 557 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
556 
 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities ........... 58, 77 
European Barrier Bonus Products .............. 164 
European Barrier Twin Win Product .......... 132 
European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 .................................................................... 117 
EUWA ........................................................ 476 
Event of Default ..................................... 68, 77 
Exchange ............. 259, 268, 277, 286, 309, 324 
Exchange Business Day259, 269, 277, 286, 
309, 324 
Exchange Date .............................................. 77 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price .......... 277 
Exchange Disruption ... 259, 269, 277, 286, 324 
Exchange Event ............................................ 77 
Exempt Products ....................................... 1, 57 
Extraordinary Event.............260, 269, 286, 324 
Failure to Deliver ................................ 260, 286 
FATCA ................................................. 77, 470 
FCA .............................................................. 40 
FFL ..................................................... 200, 220 
Final Basket Dispersion .............................. 242 
Final Basket Return ............................ 144, 228 
Final Basket Return (Strike) ............... 145, 229 
Final Fixing Averaging Date ...................... 248 
Final Fixing Basket Level117, 132, 145, 164, 
182, 220, 229 
Final Fixing Date ................................ 200, 248 
Final Fixing Level ...................................... 249 
Final Fixing Level (Best)118, 133, 145, 164, 
220, 229 
Final Fixing Level (Long) .......................... 182 
Final Fixing Level (Short) .......................... 182 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)118, 133, 145, 164, 
175, 182, 220, 229 
Final Fixing Leveli117, 132, 143, 144, 145, 
149, 164, 182, 194, 195, 196, 197, 201, 220, 
227, 228, 229, 239, 242 
Final Performance118, 133, 145, 165, 182, 229, 
237 
Final Performance (Downside) ................... 166 
Final Performance (Long) ........................... 238 
Final Performance (Short) ........................... 238 
Final Performance (Upside) ........................ 168 
Final Redemption Cap ........................ 233, 243 
Final Redemption Event ............................. 231 
Final Redemption Percentage ..................... 119 
Final Return ................ 119, 146, 183, 201, 231 
Final Return (Inverse) ................................. 148 
Final Return (Worst) ................................... 183 
Final Return Cap ......................................... 149 
Final Return Cap Percentage ....................... 149 
Final Spread ................................................ 244 
Final Spread Level ...................................... 175 
Final Strategy Level ............................ 201, 238 
Final Terms ................................. 2, 57, 77, 342 
Financing Amount .............................. 201, 220 
financing costs .............................................. 23 
Financing Rate ............................................ 225 
FinIA ........................................................... 475 
FINMA ............................................. 5, 17, 343 
FinSA .............................................. 4, 342, 343 
FinSA Reviewing Body .................................. 4 
FinSA-KID...................................................... 5 
FinSO .............................................................. 5 
FIRPTA ....................................................... 469 
First Entity .................................................... 74 
First Lock-In Barrier Level ................. 201, 220 
FISA ........................................................ 59, 77

--- Page 558 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
557 
 
Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount .. 100, 242 
Fixed Rate Instrument ................................ 316 
Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products ....... 82 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount.......... 93 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions ...... 93 
Fixing Leveli .............................................. 242 
Floor ....................................134, 149, 183, 244 
Floor Percentage ..................134, 149, 183, 244 
FMIA .............................................................. 4 
FP ........................................134, 149, 183, 244 
FRC .................................................... 233, 243 
FRP ............................................................. 119 
FSMA ......................................................... 476 
Fund .................................................... 324, 334 
Fund Linked Products................................... 82 
Fund Reference Index ................................. 324 
Fund Reference Index Sponsor................... 324 
Fund Replacement Date ............................. 321 
Fund Unit .................................................... 334 
Fungible Products ......................................... 73 
Futures Contract ......................................... 309 
Futures Contract Linked Products ................ 81 
FX Disruption Event..................................... 77 
FX Performance ......................................... 119 
FX Rate .............................................. 119, 201 
FX Rate (Final) ........................... 119, 201, 211 
FX Rate (Final)i .................................. 196, 197 
FX Rate (Initial) ................................. 119, 201 
FX Rate (t) .......................................... 119, 201 
FX Rate Valuation Time .................... 120, 211 
Gearing ....................................................... 183 
General Conditions ................................. 57, 77 
Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 58, 78 
Governmental Authority ............................... 78 
Governmental Authority Event ..................... 77 
grandfathered obligation ............................. 470 
Guarantee ...................................................... 61 
Guaranteed Obligations .............................. 480 
Guarantor .................................... 2, 57, 78, 480 
Hedge Positions .................................... 78, 220 
Hedge Unwind Costs (t) .............................. 202 
Hedging Disruption260, 269, 278, 286, 295, 
302, 309, 316, 324, 334, 339 
Hedging Entity202, 221, 260, 269, 278, 286, 
295, 302, 309, 316, 324, 334, 339 
High Watermark Fixing Level ............ 202, 221 
High Watermark Level ................. 93, 202, 221 
High Watermark Observation Date ..... 202, 221 
High Watermark Observation Period .. 202, 221 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level ............ 202, 221 
Highest Recorded Performance .................. 120 
Hurdle Rate ................................................. 206 
Hypothetical Investor .................................. 202 
i85, 87, 94, 98, 115, 117, 120, 132, 134, 143, 
144, 145, 149, 162, 164, 170, 172, 181, 182, 
183, 194, 195, 196, 197, 220, 221, 227, 228, 
229, 233, 239, 240, 242 
IBORs ........................................................... 40 
IFL ...................................................... 202, 221 
Illiquidity ...................................................... 77 
Illiquidity Event260, 269, 278, 286, 295, 302, 
309, 317, 324, 334 
Inconvertibility .............................................. 77 
Increased Cost of Hedging260, 269, 278, 287, 
295, 302, 309, 324, 334, 339 
Increment Percentage .......................... 202, 221 
Index ........................................................... 278 
Index Adjustment Event ............................. 278

--- Page 559 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
558 
 
Index Cancellation .............................. 276, 278 
Index Disruption ......................................... 278 
Index Linked Products .................................. 81 
Index Modification ..................................... 278 
Index Rules ................................................. 278 
Index Sponsor ............................................. 279 
Index Sponsor Exit Event ........................... 276 
Indices ........................................................ 278 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 462 
Initial Fixing Averaging Date ..................... 249 
Initial Fixing Basket Level120, 134, 149, 169, 
183, 221, 233 
Initial Fixing Date ...................................... 250 
Initial Fixing Level ..................................... 250 
Initial Fixing Level (Best)120, 134, 150, 170, 
221, 233 
Initial Fixing Level (Long) ......................... 183 
Initial Fixing Level (Short) ......................... 184 
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)120, 134, 150, 170, 
184, 221, 233 
Initial Fixing Leveli120, 134, 143, 144, 149, 
170, 183, 221, 227, 228, 233, 239, 242 
Initial Lookback Observation Date ............. 251 
Initial Lookback Observation Period .......... 251 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date . 251 
Initial Product Value................................... 238 
Initial Spread Level .................................... 175 
Insolvency ...........................260, 269, 287, 324 
Insolvency Filing ........................ 260, 269, 287 
Instrument ................................................... 317 
Insurance Distribution Directive .... 4, 341, 472 
Intermediated Securities ......................... 59, 78 
Intraday Level ............................................. 279 
Intraday Price ...... 260, 270, 287, 309, 317, 325 
Inverse Percentage .............. 120, 134, 150, 170 
Inverse Percentage (Final Performance) ..... 233 
Inverse Percentage (Final Return) ............... 233 
Investment Currency ................................... 209 
Investor ............................................. 59, 60, 78 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 103 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 103 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................. 103 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise 
Date ............................................................. 103 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................. 103 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice .......................................................... 103 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice Period .............................................. 103 
Investors .......................................................... 2 
IP ................. 120, 134, 143, 144, 149, 150, 170 
IP (FP) ......................................................... 233 
IP (FR) ........................................ 227, 228, 233 
ISIN ............................................................. 489 
Issue Date ...................................................... 78 
Issue Price ..................................................... 78 
Issue Size ...................................................... 78 
Issue Terms ................................. 2, 57, 78, 480 
Issuer ......................................... 2, 78, 342, 480 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 104 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 104 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................. 104 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 104

--- Page 560 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
559 
 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 104 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 104 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 102 
Issuer Call Option Table ............................. 104 
Issuer Jurisdiction ......................................... 78 
Issuer Put Option Table .............................. 103 
Italian Banking Act..................................... 474 
Italian Financial Services Act ............. 465, 473 
Knock-Out Event ........................................ 221 
Knock-Out Fixing Level ............................. 222 
Knock-Out Level ........................................ 222 
Knock-Out Observation Date ..................... 222 
Knock-Out Observation Period .................. 222 
Lead Manager ............................................... 78 
Level251, 260, 270, 279, 287, 295, 302, 309, 
317, 325, 334, 339 
Leverage Factor .................................. 120, 244 
Leverage Final Performance ....................... 184 
Leverage Product ........................................ 222 
Leverage Product Style ............................... 222 
LF ....................................................... 120, 244 
Linked Products ............................................ 44 
Lock-In Barrier Level .. 120, 170, 184, 202, 222 
Lock-In Event .............. 120, 170, 184, 202, 222 
Lock-In Fixing Level ... 121, 170, 184, 202, 222 
Lock-In Observation Date121, 170, 184, 202, 
222 
Lock-In Provisions ..............121, 185, 202, 222 
Long Underlying ................................ 185, 238 
Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level ....... 238 
Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level ...... 239 
Long/Short Product .................................... 238 
Long/Short Product Style ............................ 238 
Long/Short Strike Basket Level .................. 239 
Lower Barrier Level .................................... 150 
Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level ............ 93 
Lower Coupon Trigger Level ....................... 93 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level ..................... 238 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level .................... 239 
LS Strike Basket Level ............................... 239 
M1 ................................................................. 92 
M2 ................................................................. 92 
Management Company ............................... 326 
Management Fee ................................. 203, 240 
Management Fee Deduction ............... 203, 240 
Management Fee Multiplier ........................ 203 
Manager ...................................................... 334 
margin ........................................................... 48 
Market Disruption Event261, 270, 279, 287, 
295, 302, 309, 317, 326, 334 
Market Maker ............................................... 48 
Market Value ................................................ 82 
Max ............................................................. 251 
Maximum Days of Disruption261, 270, 279, 
287, 296, 303, 310, 318, 326, 334 
Maximum Redemption Amount . 185, 222, 234 
Merger Date ........................ 261, 270, 288, 326 
Merger Event ...................... 261, 270, 288, 326 
MERP ......................................................... 100 
MF ............................................................... 203 
MiFID II .......................................... 4, 341, 483 
Min .............................................................. 251 
Mini Future Product .................................... 222 
Minimum Early Redemption Percentage .... 100 
Minimum Tradable Lot ................................. 78

--- Page 561 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
560 
 
Monte Titoli ................................................ 465 
MRP ........................................................... 185 
Multichance Barrier Event ................. 121, 185 
n85, 87, 94, 98, 115, 117, 120, 132, 134, 143, 
145, 149, 162, 164, 170, 172, 181, 182, 183, 
194, 195, 196, 197, 220, 221, 229, 233, 239, 
240, 242 
N ............................................................. 87, 94 
Nationalisation ............................ 261, 270, 288 
NAV ........................................................... 334 
New Issuer .............................................. 72, 78 
Non-Transferability ...................................... 77 
Normal Performance Participation Percentage
 .................................................................... 171 
Normal Performance Upside Cap ............... 171 
Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage
 .................................................................... 171 
Notes ....................................................... 57, 78 
Notice Website ............................................. 78 
Notional Amount .......................................... 78 
Notional Certificates ..................................... 59 
November 2020 Base Prospectus ................. 54 
NPP............................................................. 171 
NUCi87, 98, 115, 117, 120, 132, 134, 143, 144, 
145, 149, 162, 164, 170, 172, 181, 182, 183, 
220, 227, 228, 229, 233, 239, 240 
NUC𝑖 .......................................................... 221 
Number of Underlying Components87, 
98, 
116, 118, 120, 132, 134, 143, 144, 145, 149, 
150, 162, 164, 170, 172, 181, 182, 183, 220, 
221, 227, 228, 229, 233, 239, 240 
offer ............................................................ 473 
offer of Products to the public .................... 476 
Offer Period .......................................... 78, 484 
Opening Index Level .................................. 279 
Opening Price ......................270, 288, 318, 326 
Opening Share Price ................................... 261 
OPP ............................................................. 171 
Optimal Tracker Observation Date ............. 122 
Opting-out Client ........................................ 475 
Ordinary Shares .......................................... 271 
Other Disruption ......................................... 279 
Outperformance Participation Percentage ... 171 
Outperformance Upside Cap ....................... 171 
Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage .... 171 
Partial Redemption Amount.......................... 78 
Partial Redemption Date(s) ........................... 79 
Partial Redemption Product .......................... 79 
Participation Certificate .............................. 270 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) ... 270 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked Products ............................................ 81 
Participation Certificate Issuer .................... 271 
Participation Percentage122, 136, 150, 171, 
223, 240 
Paying Agent ........................................... 57, 79 
Payment Date ................................................ 79 
Payout Conditions ......................................... 84 
Payout Style ................................................ 251 
Performance Fee ......................................... 203 
Performance Fee Deduction ........................ 203 
Permanent Market Disruption Event ... 296, 310 
PF ................................................................ 203 
POI Law ...................................................... 479 
Potential Adjustment Event261, 271, 288, 327, 
334 
PP ........ 122, 136, 150, 171, 223, 234, 240, 244 
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level ................... 122 
Price Source 122, 203, 211, 252, 296, 303, 310 
Price Source Disruption .......................... 77, 79 
Pricing Supplement ............................. 3, 57, 79

--- Page 562 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
561 
 
Product ................................................. 79, 343 
Product Direction ....................................... 150 
Products .................................... 1, 79, 343, 480 
Professional or Institutional Clients ... 343, 475 
Programme .................... 1, 11, 57, 79, 342, 480 
Proprietary Index ........................................ 279 
Protection Percentage ..........116, 144, 234, 244 
Protection Product Style ............................. 150 
Protection with Twin Win Product ............. 150 
Public Offer ................................................ 472 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ........................ 484 
Public Offer Jurisdictions(s) ....................... 462 
Quotation Rounding ................................... 339 
RCP ............................................................ 150 
Rebate Coupon Percentage ......................... 150 
Rebate Percentage ...................................... 223 
Redemption Amount79, 122, 134, 185, 211, 
223, 245, 252 
Redemption Date ................................ 203, 252 
Redemption Determination Style ............... 175 
Redemption Style ....................................... 203 
Reduced Number of Shares ................ 262, 289 
Reference Banks ......................................... 339 
Reference Currency .................................... 304 
Reference Dealers ......................................... 79 
Reference Market ................296, 304, 310, 318 
Reference Market Business Day ................. 296 
Reference Rate ........................................... 339 
Reference Rate Linked Products .................. 82 
Registration Document ................................. 54 
Related Dividend Amount .......................... 203 
Related Exchange ................................. 79, 262 
Related Exchange(s) ............271, 279, 289, 327 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level ...... 101 
Relevant BOD ............................................. 122 
Relevant Clearing System ............................. 79 
Relevant Country ........................................ 304 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date ....... 87, 88, 94 
Relevant Currency ...................................... 304 
Relevant Date ................................................ 79 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 339 
Relevant Index .............................................. 42 
Relevant Level ............................................ 279 
Relevant Number of Shares ................ 262, 289 
Relevant Rate ...................................... 304, 339 
Relevant Rules .............................................. 79 
Relevant Settlement Day ............................... 79 
Relevant SPL .............................................. 122 
Relevant Stability Performance Level ........ 122 
Relevant State ............................................. 472 
Relevant Stock Exchange.............................. 79 
Relevant Time ............................................. 339 
Relevant Underlying Price262, 271, 289, 296, 
310, 318, 327 
Relevant Value ............................................ 336 
Replacement Fund .............................. 321, 332 
Residual Cash Amount122, 134, 171, 175, 185, 
211, 252 
Residual Fraction ........................................ 252 
Retail Clients ........................................... 5, 343 
retail investor .............................................. 476 
Reverse Convertible Product Style ............. 175 
Reverse Merger ........................... 261, 270, 288 
roll-over ........................................................ 32 
Scheduled Closing Time262, 271, 279, 289, 
304, 310, 318, 328

--- Page 563 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
562 
 
Scheduled Trading Day262, 272, 279, 289, 
296, 304, 310, 318, 328, 336 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date ...... 262, 
272, 280, 289, 296, 304, 310, 318, 328, 336 
Screen Page ................................................ 339 
Screen Rate ................................................. 339 
SeDeX Market .................................... 460, 489 
September 2021 Base Prospectus ................. 54 
Series ............................................................ 79 
Service Provider ..................................... 21, 80 
Service Provider Default Event .................... 80 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates ...................... 93 
Settlement Currency ............................. 80, 304 
Settlement Disruption Amount ............... 17, 80 
Settlement Disruption Date .......................... 80 
Settlement Disruption Event ......................... 80 
Settlement Expenses ..................................... 80 
Settlement Fixing Level ............................. 252 
Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time
 .................................................................... 252 
Settlement FX Fixing Date ......................... 252 
Settlement FX Rate..................................... 252 
Settlement Initial Level .............................. 252 
Settlement Price .......................................... 310 
Share ................................................... 262, 289 
Share Issuer ........................................ 262, 289 
Share Linked Products .................................. 81 
Short Underlying ................................ 185, 240 
Single Lock-In Event122, 171, 185, 368, 391, 
402 
SIS .......................................................... 59, 80 
SIS Rules ...................................................... 80 
SIX SIS Securities .................................. 58, 80 
Smart Coupon Rate..................................... 204 
SOFR ............................................................ 41 
soggetti abilitati ........................................... 474 
SONIA .......................................................... 41 
SP ................................................................ 224 
Specific Coupon Style Coupon Provisions ... 95 
Specified Coupon Amount ............................ 93 
Specified Currency........................................ 81 
Specified Denomination ................................ 81 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount ......................................................... 95 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings ......................................... 122, 185 
Specified Number of Business Days ............. 81 
Specified Product Value ......................... 68, 81 
Specified Sub-Unit ........................................ 81 
Spread ................................................. 175, 245 
Spread Strike Level ..................................... 245 
Spread Underlying ...................................... 175 
Spreadi ........................................................... 85 
Stability Disruption Barrier Event ...... 115, 122 
Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage ...... 122 
Stability Performance Level........................ 122 
Steepener Product Style .............................. 245 
Stop Loss Barrier Level .............................. 241 
Stop Loss Event .................................. 223, 241 
Stop Loss Fixing Level ............................... 223 
Stop Loss Level .......................................... 223 
Stop Loss Observation Date ................ 223, 241 
Stop Loss Observation Period ............. 223, 241 
Stop Loss Product Value ............................. 241 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount .................. 241 
Stop Loss Redemption Date ................ 223, 241 
Strike Barrier Amount ......................... 150, 234

--- Page 564 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
563 
 
Strike Barrier Basket Level ........ 122, 150, 186 
Strike Barrier Level .............123, 150, 186, 234 
Strike Basket Level123, 134, 171, 223, 234, 
243 
Strike Event . 123, 150, 186, 209, 211, 223, 234 
Strike Fixing Basket Level ......................... 186 
Strike Level .........................175, 209, 245, 253 
Strike Level (Best)123, 134, 151, 172, 224, 235 
Strike Level (Worst)123, 134, 151, 172, 175, 
186, 224, 235 
Strike Leveli ........ 144, 145, 172, 228, 229, 240 
Strike Percentage124, 134, 144, 145, 224, 228, 
229 
Strike Spread Denominator ........................ 175 
Strike Spread Level .................................... 175 
Substitute Price Source ....................... 292, 306 
Substitute Reference Market292, 299, 306, 314 
Sub-Unit ....................................................... 61 
Successor Basket Component258, 267, 275, 
284, 293, 300, 307, 314, 322, 332 
Successor Commodity ................................ 293 
Successor Currency .................................... 299 
Successor Futures Contract ........................ 307 
Successor Index .......................................... 274 
Successor Index Sponsor ............................ 274 
Successor Instrument .................................. 314 
Successor Reference Rate ........................... 337 
Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to 
Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) . 4 
Swiss Simplified Prospectus ........................... 5 
t ........................................................... 203, 240 
T ................................................... 94, 124, 172 
TARGET Business Day ............................... 81 
Target Level ............................................... 124 
Target One Barrier Level ............................ 124 
Target One Barrier Observation Date ......... 124 
Target One Barrier Observation Period ...... 124 
Target One Event ........................................ 124 
Target One Fixing Level ............................. 124 
Target One Underlying ............................... 124 
TARGET System .......................................... 81 
Tax ................................................................ 81 
Taxes ............................................................. 81 
Tender Offer ............................... 262, 272, 289 
Tender Offer Date ....................... 262, 272, 289 
Termination of the Trust ............................. 328 
Total Days ................................................... 204 
Total Financing Cost ................................... 224 
Tracker Fixing Level ................................... 204 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) .............................. 204 
Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time ................ 204 
Tracker Observation Date ........................... 204 
Tracker Product ........................................... 204 
Tracker Product Style ................................. 204 
Tracker Products ......................................... 253 
Trading Day ........................................ 318, 336 
Trading Disruption ...... 263, 272, 280, 289, 328 
Tranche ................................................... 57, 81 
Transfer Documentation ............................... 81 
Trust ............................................................ 328 
Trustee(s) .................................................... 328 
Twin Win Event .................................. 134, 151 
Twin Win Percentage .................................. 135 
Twin Win Product Style .............................. 135 
TWP ............................................................ 135 
UK CRA Regulation ................................... 485 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................... 476

--- Page 565 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
564 
 
Underlying ............................................ 81, 176 
Underlying 1 ....................................... 176, 245 
Underlying 2 ....................................... 176, 245 
Underlying Currency .................................. 253 
Underlying Event ....................................... 339 
Underlying Fixing Level .................... 176, 245 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date ................... 253 
Underlying Level ................................ 176, 245 
Underlying Performance124, 135, 151, 172, 
176, 186, 235 
Underlying Performance (Long) ................ 186 
Underlying Performance (Short) ................ 186 
Underlying Share ........................................ 289 
Underlying Specific Conditions ................... 81 
Underlying Trading Day124, 135, 152, 172, 
186, 225, 241, 254, 263, 272, 280, 290, 296, 
304, 311, 318, 328, 336, 340 
Underlying Valuation Date263, 272, 280, 290, 
296, 304, 311, 318, 329, 336, 340 
Underlying(s).................................................. 2 
Unit ......................................................... 61, 82 
Unit Certificates ........................................... 59 
Units (Final) ............................................... 204 
Units (Initial) .............................................. 204 
Units (t) ...................................................... 204 
Units (t-1) ................................................... 205 
Units Fixing Level (t) ................................. 205 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount ..... 82 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Date ........... 82 
Unwind Liquidation Price .......................... 225 
UPP............................................. 172, 235, 241 
Upper Barrier Level .................................... 151 
Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level ............ 95 
Upper Coupon Trigger Level ....................... 95 
Upside Cap .......................................... 172, 225 
Upside Cap Percentage ............................... 172 
Upside Participation Percentage . 172, 235, 241 
US Dollars..................................................... 82 
US$ ............................................................... 82 
USD .............................................................. 82 
USRPHC ..................................................... 469 
USRPI ......................................................... 469 
Valuation Time263, 272, 280, 290, 311, 318, 
329 
Value (t) ...................................................... 205 
Value (t-1) ................................................... 206 
Volume Weighted Average Price 263, 272, 290 
W................................................................. 242 
W (Current) ................................................. 206 
W (Dividend Reinvestment Day) ................ 206 
W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends) .... 206 
W (Final) ..................................................... 206 
W (Final)i ............................................ 195, 196 
W (Initial) ................................................... 206 
W (Initial)i .......................... 194, 195, 196, 197 
W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends) ............. 206 
Warrants ........................................................ 57 
Watermark (t -1) ......................................... 206 
Weight (Additional) .................................... 206 
Weight (Initial) ........................................... 206 
Weight Observation Period ......................... 207 
Weight Trigger Date (i) .............................. 207 
Weight Trigger Date (i-1) ........................... 207 
Weight Trigger Event ................................. 207 
Weight Trigger Level (i) ............................. 207 
Worst Performing Underlying124, 135, 152, 
172, 176, 186, 225, 235

--- Page 566 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
565 
 
X ................................................................. 125 
Y ................................................................. 125 
Y1 ................................................................. 92 
Y2 ................................................................. 92 
Yield Enhancement Product Style .............. 125 
Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product
 .................................................................... 125

--- Page 567 ---
566 
 
ISSUER 
EFG International Finance 
(Guernsey) Limited 
PO Box 186  
Royal Chambers  
St Julian's Avenue  
St Peter Port, Guernsey GY1 4HP 
Guernsey, Channel Islands 
 
GUARANTOR 
EFG International AG 
Bleicherweg 8 P.O. Box 6012 
CH – 8022 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
 
LEAD MANAGER 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
 
 
CALCULATION AGENT, FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT (in respect of SIX SIS 
Securities) 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland