--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
EI SUKUK COMPANY LTD. 
(incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 
Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), EI Sukuk Company Ltd. (in its capacity as issuer and, in its 
capacity as trustee, the "Trustee"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust certificates (the "Certificates") in 
any currency agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the relevant Dealer(s) (each as defined below). 
Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate face amount of all Certificates from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") specified under "General Description of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Trustee, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe to such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks, see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 1. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (such master trust deed as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or further amended and restated from time to time, the "Master Trust Deed") dated 19 October 2021 entered into between the Trustee, Emirates Islamic 
Bank PJSC as obligor (the "Obligor" or "Emirates Islamic") and Citibank N.A., London Branch as delegate of the Trustee (in such capacity, the "Delegate"); and (ii) supplemental 
trust deed(s) (each, a "Supplemental Trust Deed") in relation to the relevant Series. Certificates of each Series (as defined herein) confer on the holders of the Certificates from 
time to time (the "Certificateholders") the right to receive certain payments (as more particularly described herein) arising from the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in 
relation to the relevant Series over the Sukuk Portfolio (as defined herein). 
The Trustee may agree with any Dealer that Certificates may be issued with terms and conditions not contemplated by the terms and conditions of the Certificates herein (the 
"Conditions"), in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Certificates. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee or the Obligor or of the quality of the Certificates. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Certificates issued 
under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the 
"Regulated Market"). Such approval relates only to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or any other regulated markets for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EC on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") (each such regulated market being a "MiFID Regulated Market") or which are to be offered 
to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") (each a "Member State") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. The Regulated 
Market is a MiFID Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") under Rule 2.6 of the DFSA's Markets Rules (the "Markets Rules") and is 
therefore an approved prospectus for the purposes of Article 14 of the DIFC Law No. 1 of 2012 (the "Markets Law"). Application has also been made to the DFSA for Certificates 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities (the "DFSA Official List") 
maintained by the DFSA and an application may be made to Nasdaq Dubai for any Series of Certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The 
liability for the content of this Base Prospectus lies with the Trustee, the Obligor and such other persons, such as experts, whose opinions are included in the Base Prospectus with 
their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Certificates to which this Base Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor and has not 
determined whether they are Shariah-compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether the Certificates to which this Base Prospectus 
relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
The purchase of Certificates may involve substantial risks and are only for sophisticated investors who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters 
necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of the investment in the Certificates. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been: (a) admitted to listing on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market; and/or (b) admitted to listing on the DFSA Official List and admitted 
to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. The Programme provides that Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets 
as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the relevant Dealer(s). The Trustee may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The Certificates will be delisted from the Official List and/or any other stock exchanges following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, see Condition 12.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on 
a MiFID Regulated Market. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates, periodic distribution amounts (if any) payable in respect of the Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) will be set out in a final terms document (the "applicable Final Terms") which, with respect to 
Certificates to be listed on the Official List, will be delivered to the CBI and Euronext Dublin, and which, with respect to Certificates to be listed on the DFSA Official List, will 
be delivered to the DFSA and Nasdaq Dubai. 
The Obligor has been assigned ratings of A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") with a stable outlook. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Fitch 
is not established in the European Union (the "EU") and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The rating 
issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The Programme is expected to be rated A+ by Fitch. A Series of Certificates to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Emirates Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee 
(the "EI Shariah Committee"), the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee, the Shariah Advisory Board of Citi Islamic Investment Bank E.C., the 
Internal Shariah Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC and the Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee. Prospective Certificateholders 
should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own Shariah advisers as to whether the proposed 
transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Shariah rules and principles. 
ARRANGERS 
Emirates Islamic  
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
DEALERS 
Citigroup 
Dubai Islamic Bank 
Emirates Islamic  
Emirates NBD Capital 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 October 2021

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law and 
Chapter 2 of the Markets Rules. 
Each of the Trustee and the Obligor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche issued under the Programme. To the best of 
their knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Trustee and the 
specified office set out below of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant 
Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a MiFID Regulated Market nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates and 
such Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Certificates and identity. 
Certain information contained in "Risk Factors", "Description of the Group" and "The United Arab 
Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations" (as indicated therein) has been extracted from independent, third 
party sources. Each of the Trustee and the Obligor confirms that such information contained in this Base 
Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant third party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information appears in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
The Dealers, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and 
the Registrar (each an "Agent" and together, the "Agents") and the Delegate have not independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers, the Agents or the Delegate: 
(i) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Trustee and the Obligor in connection with the Programme, the 
Certificates or their distribution; or (ii) for any acts or omissions of the Trustee, the Obligor or any other 
person in connection with the Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of any Certificates under the 
Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee and the Obligor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Certificates and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, 
the Agents or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Certificates: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus, or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Certificates, should purchase any Certificates. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Certificates 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Trustee and the Obligor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Certificates constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Certificates.

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
No comment is made or advice given by the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers 
in respect of taxation matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of Certificates by 
an investor under applicable or similar laws. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, 
SHARIAH ADVISER, LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, SHARIAH, 
LEGAL, BUSINESS AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF 
CERTIFICATES. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should 
consult his professional adviser and ensure that he fully understands all the risks associated with making 
such an investment and that he has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from 
such investment. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Certificates shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Trustee or the Obligor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Delegate, the Agents and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Trustee or the Obligor at any point, including during the life of the Programme, or to advise 
any investor in the Certificates of any information coming to their attention. 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription 
and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Certificates 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agent and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agents or the 
Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Certificates or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Certificates may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Certificates. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates in the Cayman 
Islands, the Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC"), Hong Kong, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, the People's Republic of China, the EEA, Singapore, the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), the UAE (excluding the DIFC), the UK and the United States (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial Statements 
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the following financial statements of the Group: 
 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 (which include comparative financial information as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2020) (the "H1 2021 Financial Statements"); 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(the "2020 Financial Statements"); and

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
(the "2019 Financial Statements" and, together with the H1 2021 Financial Statements and the 
2020 Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, guidance of the Central Bank 
and Islamic Shariah rules and principles and applicable requirements of the Federal laws relating to Islamic 
banks. 
The H1 2021 Financial Statements have been reviewed by Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) ("Deloitte") in 
accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, "Review of Interim Financial 
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity". 
The 2020 Financial Statements and 2019 Financial Statements have been audited by Deloitte in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing ("ISA").  
In this Base Prospectus:  
 
financial information as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 has been derived from the H1 2021 Financial Statements;  
 
financial information as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 has been derived from the 2020 Financial Statements; and 
 
financial information as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 has been derived 
from the comparative information included in the 2019 Financial Statements.  
The Group presents its financial statements in UAE dirham. The Group's financial year ends on 31 
December and references in this Base Prospectus to 2020, 2019 and 2018 are to the 12-month period ending 
on 31 December in each year.  
Certain restatements and reclassifications  
From 1 January 2019, the Group adopted IFRS 16 – "Leases" (which supersedes IAS 17 – "Leases"). IFRS 
16 introduces significant changes to lessee accounting since it removes the distinction between operating 
and finance leases under IAS 17 and requires a lessee to recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability 
at lease commencement for all leases (except short-term leases and leases of low value assets). The Group 
has adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective basis and has not restated comparative figures for 2018. 
Accordingly, the comparative figures for 2018 as set out in the 2019 Financial Statements have not been 
adjusted and may not be directly comparable to the 2019 figures. For further information, please see Note 
6 to the 2019 Financial Statements.  
From 1 January 2020, the Group implemented amendments to IFRS 9 – "Financial Instruments", IAS 39 – 
"Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" and IFRS 7 – "Financial Instruments Disclosures" 
relating to profit rate benchmark reforms (such amendments, "Phase I amendments"). Phase I amendments 
provide relief from hedge accounting requirements in respect of hedges existing before interbank offered 
rate ("IBOR") replacement, allowing users to use the existing forward looking analysis/curves for periods 
beyond 2021. The Group's exposure to hedging instruments (including profit rate swaps and cross-currency 
swaps) and hedged items maturing from 2021 are not considered material by the Group. For further 
information, please see Note 6 to the 2020 Financial Statements.  
From 1 January 2021, the Group implemented further amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7 and IFRS 
16 – "Leases" relating to profit rate benchmark reforms (such amendments, "Phase II amendments"). 
Phase II amendments impact, inter alios, the application of a 'practical expedient' in accounting for 
modifications of financial assets and financial liabilities when transactions are updated for new IBOR rates 
(rather than resulting in derecognition), relief on IBOR reform changes to hedge designations and hedge 
documentation (rather than such changes resulting in discontinuation of hedge accounting). Phase II 
amendments also require disclosures that enable users to understand the nature and extent of risks arising 
from IBOR reform which the Group is exposed to and how it manages such risks. The Phase II amendments 
were applied by the Group retrospectively with no restatement required for prior periods. For further 
information, please see Note 6 to the H1 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus includes certain non-IFRS measures. Such measures constitute Alternative 
Performance Measures ("APMs") as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures. Although not defined in accordance with IFRS, Emirates Islamic 
believes that such measures provide useful supplementary information to both investors and Emirates 
Islamic's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company performance. Investors should note that, 
since not all companies calculate financial measures in the same manner, the APMs included in this Base 
Prospectus may not be comparable to measures used by other companies. Accordingly, the APMs included 
in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as substitutes for measures defined according to IFRS. 
The following table sets out the APMs included in this Base Prospectus (to the extent such measures are 
not defined according to IFRS and not included in the Financial Statements incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus), together with the basis of calculating such APMs, the rationale for inclusion and the 
reconciliation of such measures to the Financial Statements. 
Metric 
Calculation 
Rationale for 
inclusion 
Reconciliation to H1 
2021 Financial 
Statements 
Reconciliation to 
2020 Financial 
Statements 
Capital adequacy ratio 
Calculated 
in 
accordance with the 
requirements 
of 
the 
Central 
Bank. 
The 
capital adequacy ratio is 
the 
total 
regulatory 
capital divided by risk-
weighted assets at a 
given date 
Capital strength ratio 
comprising the ratio of 
a bank's capital to its 
risk in order to indicate 
its financial strength 
Total regulatory capital 
and risk weighted assets 
as derived from internal 
management 
records 
(as 
per 
Basel 
requirements) 
"Total 
regulatory 
capital" 
and 
"Risk-
weighted assets" as set 
out in Note 35 to the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements 
Cost to income ratio 
Calculated as general 
and 
administrative 
expenses divided by 
total operating income 
Efficiency ratio which 
is used to assess the 
amount spent to earn 
income  
"General 
and 
administrative 
expenses" and "Total 
operating income" as 
set out in the Group 
condensed consolidated 
interim 
income 
statement 
"General 
and 
administrative 
expenses" and "Total 
operating income" as 
set out in the Group 
consolidated 
income 
statement 
Earnings per share 
Calculated as profit for 
the year divided by 
issued capital 
Management 
performance 
and 
profitability 
measure 
which 
indicates 
the 
portion of distributable 
profit allocated to each 
outstanding share 
"Net profit / (loss) for 
the period" as set out in 
the Group condensed 
consolidated 
interim 
income statement and 
"Issued capital" as set 
out 
in 
the 
Group 
condensed consolidated 
interim statement of 
financial position 
"Net (loss) / profit for 
the year" as set out in 
the Group consolidated 
income statement and 
"Issued capital" as set 
out 
in 
the 
Group 
consolidated statement 
of financial position 
Financing/customer 
deposits 
Calculated as financing 
receivables divided by 
customer deposits 
Liquidity ratio which 
indicates how much of 
the customers' deposits 
are being used for 
financing (i.e., a bank's 
ability 
to 
fund 
its 
financing book through 
its customer deposit 
base) 
"Financing receivables" 
and 
"Customer 
deposits" as set out in 
the Group condensed 
consolidated 
interim 
statement of financial 
position 
"Financing receivables" 
and 
"Customer 
deposits" as set out in 
the Group consolidated 
statement of financial 
position 
Impaired 
financing 
receivables/gross 
financing receivables 
Calculated as impaired 
financing 
receivables 
divided 
by 
gross 
financing 
receivables 
(which 
is 
total 
financing 
receivables 
less deferred income) 
Asset 
quality 
ratio 
which 
indicates 
impaired 
financing 
receivables 
as 
a 
percentage 
of 
total 
financing receivables 
"Total 
of 
impaired 
Islamic 
financing 
receivables", 
"Total 
financing receivables" 
and "Deferred Income" 
as set out in Note 6 to 
the H1 2021 Financial 
Statements 
"Total 
of 
Impaired 
financing receivables", 
"Total 
financing 
receivables" 
and 
"Deferred income" as 
set out in Note 12 to the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements 
Net financing growth 
Calculated 
as 
the 
percentage increase in 
the sum of financing 
Financial ratio which 
measures 
a 
bank's 
"Net 
financing 
receivables" as set out 
in Note 6 to the H1 
"Net 
financing 
receivables" as set out

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
Metric 
Calculation 
Rationale for 
inclusion 
Reconciliation to H1 
2021 Financial 
Statements 
Reconciliation to 
2020 Financial 
Statements 
receivables over the 
period  
ability 
to 
grow 
its 
financing book 
2021 
Financial 
Statements 
in Note 12 to the 2020 
Financial Statements 
Net profit margin 
Calculated 
as 
net 
income from financing 
and 
investment 
products divided by the 
daily average of profit 
earning assets 
Profitability ratio which 
measures 
the 
income/spread a bank 
makes on its financing 
activities 
"Net 
income 
from 
financing 
receivables 
and 
investment 
products" as set out in 
the Group condensed 
consolidated 
interim 
income statement and 
daily average of profit 
earning 
assets 
as 
derived from internal 
management records 
"Net 
income 
from 
financing 
and 
investment products" as 
set out in the Group 
consolidated 
income 
statement 
and 
daily 
average 
of 
profit 
earning 
assets 
as 
derived from internal 
management records 
Return 
on 
average 
shareholders' equity 
Calculated as profit for 
the year divided by the 
average of total equity 
attributable to equity 
holders for two years 
Profitability ratio which 
measures the average 
return to shareholders 
for their investment and 
indicates 
how 
effectively 
shareholders' equity is 
being used to generate 
profits 
"Net profit / (loss) for 
the period" as set out in 
the Group condensed 
consolidated 
interim 
income statement and 
"Total 
equity 
attributable to equity 
holders of the Group" 
as set out in the Group 
condensed consolidated 
interim statement of 
financial position 
"Net (loss) / profit for 
the year" as set out in 
the Group consolidated 
income statement and 
"Total 
equity 
attributable to equity 
holders of the Group" 
as set out in the Group 
consolidated statement 
of financial position 
Certain Definitions and Conventions 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
 
"Abu Dhabi", "Dubai" and "Sharjah" are to the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the Emirate of Dubai and 
the Emirate of Sharjah, respectively; 
 
"Central Bank" are to the UAE Central Bank; 
 
"Emirates Islamic" are to Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC; 
 
"ENBD" are to Emirates NBD Bank PJSC; 
 
"GCC" are to the Gulf Cooperation Council; 
 
"GDP" are to gross domestic product; 
 
"Government" are to the Government of Dubai; 
 
"Group" are to Emirates Islamic and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
 
"MENA region" are to the Middle East and North Africa region; 
 
"OPEC" are to the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries; and 
 
"UAE" are to the United Arab Emirates. 
In addition, in this Base Prospectus, references to: (i) "AED" and "UAE dirham" are to the lawful currency 
of the UAE; (ii) "€" and "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (iii) 
"RMB" and "Renminbi" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") that is 
deliverable offshore (for this purpose, PRC excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan); and (iv) "U.S.$" and "U.S. 
dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States. The UAE dirham has been pegged to the U.S. 
dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. All U.S. dollar equivalents of UAE dirham amounts 
appearing in this Base Prospectus have been calculated at this fixed exchange rate. The use of such fixed 
exchange rate should not be construed as a representation that UAE dirham amounts have been or could be 
converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical facts included in this Base Prospectus including, without limitation, any statements regarding the 
financial position of Emirates Islamic and/or the Group, or the business strategy, management plans and 
objectives for future operations of Emirates Islamic, may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as "may", 
"will", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "continue" or similar terminology. Although 
Emirates Islamic believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements included in this 
Base Prospectus are reasonable at this time, there can be no assurance that these expectations will prove to 
be correct. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
which may cause actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different 
from any expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be based 
on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
Emirates Islamic and/or the Group expects to operate in the future. Certain key factors that could cause 
Emirates Islamic's and/or the Group's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from 
the forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus are discussed in "Risk Factors". Forward-
looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus and, subject as required by applicable 
law or regulation, Emirates Islamic expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or 
revise any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus to reflect any change in the expectations of 
Emirates Islamic and/or the Group or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
forward-looking statements are based. Given the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, Emirates 
Islamic cannot assure potential investors that any projected results or events will be achieved and Emirates 
Islamic cautions potential investors not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENTS 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Certificates 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Certificates, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact the relevant 
Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 8 ---
- vii - 
 
 
Some Certificates are complex financial instruments. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have 
adopted or published laws, regulations and/or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities similar 
to the Certificates. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Certificates which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (a) the 
Certificates are legal investments for it; (b) the Certificates can be used as collateral for various types of 
financing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
the Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
USE OF BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable on certain Certificates issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
certain benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the ESMA Benchmarks 
Register, are set out below (for definitions of the benchmarks set out below, see the definition of "Reference 
Rate" in the Conditions). 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmarks Register 
BBSW 
ASX Limited 
No 
EIBOR 
UAE Central Bank 
No 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes 
HIBOR 
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association 
No 
LIBOR  
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
No 
PRIBOR 
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
Yes 
SAIBOR 
Thomson Reuters 
No 
SHIBOR 
National Interbank Funding Centre 
No 
TRLIBOR 
Banks Association of Turkey 
No 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of BBSW, EIBOR, HIBOR, LIBOR, SAIBOR, 
SHIBOR and TRLIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR and PRIBOR are included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Trustee and Obligor are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that ASX Limited, UAE Central Bank, Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association, 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Thomson Reuters, National Interbank Funding Centre and Banks 
Association of Turkey are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration in the EU (or, in 
each case, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
If applicable, the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether or not the relevant benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA.

--- Page 9 ---
- viii - 
 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of an administrator. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Certificates, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Certificates at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Certificates and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Certificates and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Certificates. Any stabilisation action must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which 
channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Certificates issued or to be issued 
under the Programme are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
VOLCKER RULE

--- Page 10 ---
- ix - 
 
 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for 
certain entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits "banking entities" (which is broadly 
defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together 
with their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from: (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring 
or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund", and (iii) entering into certain 
relationships with "covered funds". The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any 
prospective investor in the Certificates and any entity that is a "banking entity" as defined under the Volcker 
Rule which is considering an investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisors and 
consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by "banking 
entities" in the Certificates is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the 
marketability and liquidity of such Certificates. No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker 
Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and 
accordingly none of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, the Agents, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any 
of their respective affiliates makes any representation regarding: (a) the status of the Trustee under the 
Volcker Rule (including whether it is a "covered fund" for their purposes); or (b) the ability of any purchaser 
to acquire or hold the Certificates, now or at any time in the future. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM 
In order to constitute "alternative finance investment bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (SI 2001/544), as 
amended, Certificates issued under the Programme will need to satisfy (amongst other requirements) one 
of the conditions mentioned in paragraph (2)(f) of that Article, which includes that, if such Certificates are 
issued after 31 December 2020, they will need to be admitted to trading on a recognised investment 
exchange or a UK trading venue or admitted to the official list of the FCA. Any Certificates which do not 
constitute AFIBs will represent interests in a collective investment scheme (as defined in the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise 
approved by the FCA. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed 
on to, the general public in the UK. 
The distribution in the UK of this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and any other marketing 
materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (i) if the distribution (whether or 
not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an authorised person under the 
FSMA, only the following persons: (a) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial 
Promotion Order"); (b) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 of 
the Financial Promotion Order; and (c) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in 
accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (ii) if the Certificates are not AFIBs and the 
distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following 
persons: (a) persons falling within one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 
14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) 
(Exemptions) Order 2001 (the "Promotion of CISs Order"); (b) persons falling within any of the 
categories of person described in Article 22 of the Promotion of CISs Order; and (c) any other person to 
whom it may otherwise lawfully be promoted. Persons of any other description in the UK may not receive 
and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms or any other marketing 
materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the UK in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections afforded 
by the UK regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and that compensation 
will not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for any Certificates and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the 
public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificates. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents must only be offered in registered form to existing account

--- Page 11 ---
- x - 
 
 
holders and accredited investors (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB")) in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any 
equivalent amount in another currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Certificates, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as 
such term is defined by the CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Certificates to be offered for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or 
made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Certificates. If a prospective 
purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Certificates will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central Bank, 
the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). The Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange.

--- Page 12 ---
- xi - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 24 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS ...................................................................................... 26 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 30 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES ............................................................................................................. 37 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ........................................................................ 46 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ......................................................................................................... 88 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 90 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ............................................................................................................. 94 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 114 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND REGULATIONS ................................ 121 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................. 134 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 145 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 148 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 154

--- Page 13 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Trustee and the Obligor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of the Certificates issued under the Programme. In addition, factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Certificates issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
If any of the risks described below actually materialise, the Trustee's and/or the Obligor's business, results 
of operations, financial condition or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. If that were to 
occur, the trading price of the Certificates could decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Each of the Trustee and the Obligor believes that the factors described below represent all the material 
risks inherent in investing in the Certificates issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Trustee 
to pay any amounts on or in connection with any Certificate may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Trustee and/or the Obligor based on information currently available to 
them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" shall 
have the same meanings in the following section. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Trustee's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Certificates 
The Trustee will not engage in any business activity other than the issuance of Certificates under the 
Programme, the acquisition of the Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee and 
other activities incidental or related to the foregoing as required under the Transaction Documents. 
The Trustee's only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets 
relating to each Series of Certificates, including its right to receive payments under the relevant Transaction 
Documents. The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Certificates of each Series will primarily 
be dependent upon receipt by the Trustee of all amounts due from the Obligor under the relevant 
Transaction Documents. Therefore the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which the Obligor is subject to 
the extent that such risks could limit the Obligor's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party. For a description of 
these risks, please see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities". 
Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of 
which are market risks, liquidity risks, credit risks and operational risks. Although Emirates Islamic 
believes it has implemented appropriate policies, systems and processes to control and mitigate these risks 
(see further "Description of the Group – Risk Management"), investors should note that any failure to 
adequately control these risks, or predict unexpected market events that are beyond the control of the Group, 
could be greater than anticipated and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and thereby affect Emirates Islamic's 
ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as a financial institution  
The Group's operations expose it to market risks, which is the potential for adverse changes in the market 
value of portfolio and positions due to fluctuations in profit rates, exchange rates, equity prices, commodity 
prices, as well as in their correlation and implied volatility. Consistent with the Group's approach to strict 
compliance with Shariah rules and principles, the Group does not engage in speculative transactions. 
However, the Group, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macro-
economic environment and the performance of financial markets generally. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the global macro-economic climate remains volatile for a number of reasons, including volatile 
global interest rates and performance of debt and equity markets, international oil prices and the COVID-
19 outbreak. Certain of these factors are set out below (see also "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to 
the UAE and the Middle East"). A worsening of current financial market conditions could lead to further 
decreases in investor and consumer confidence, increased market volatility and greater economic disruption 
and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial

--- Page 14 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
condition and prospects irrespective of steps currently taken to adequately control these risks. 
Volatility in the global economic environment may adversely impact the Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, global debt and equity markets have again been adversely impacted 
by the ongoing volatility in the macro-economic climate. In particular, the global COVID-19 pandemic (as 
discussed further below); the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union (the "EU") and the UK and 
EU's navigation of the implementation and practicalities of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement; 
the election of Donald J. Trump as the President of the United States in 2016 and the subsequent election 
of Joseph R. Biden Jr as President of the United States in 2020; the U.S sanctions imposed against Russia 
in April 2021; the U.S.-China trade war; the threat of (escalation of) conflict in the MENA region; and the 
failure of OPEC and certain non-OPEC ally countries (OPEC+) to agree oil production cuts.  
Movements in global interest rates have also continued to be unpredictable. The decision of the U.S. Federal 
Reserve to increase U.S. overnight interest rates between December 2015 and December 2018 by an 
aggregate 225 basis points (in nine separate increments of 25 basis points each) exacerbated the reduced 
liquidity environment and contributed to a prevailing mood of economic uncertainty. These volatile market 
conditions have impacted investment markets both globally and in the UAE and have resulted in reduced 
liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit and capital markets.  
Measures have been, and are being, taken globally to mitigate such volatility. In 2019, the U.S. Federal 
Reserve decreased U.S. overnight interest rates by an aggregate 75 basis points (in three separate increments 
of 25 basis points each) and, in March 2020, U.S. overnight interest rates were further reduced to near zero 
in response to the COVID-19 outbreak and have remained at such levels since (see further "Risk Factors – 
Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its 
operations as a financial institution – The Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects may be materially adversely affected by changes in the macro-economic environment following 
the COVID-19 outbreak" below). However, there can be no assurance that such measures will provide 
interest rate stability. Continued slowdown in the global economic environment, together with any 
reduction in governmental spending and the likely impact on the level of economic activity in the UAE and 
the wider MENA region could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely 
affected by changes in the macro-economic environment following the COVID-19 outbreak 
The macro-economic environment (both globally and within the UAE) has also been materially affected by 
the novel coronavirus which causes the disease known as COVID-19, which was first identified in Wuhan, 
Hubei Province, China in December 2019. In response to the highly contagious and sometimes fatal 
COVID-19 that infected tens of thousands of people in China, the Chinese government imposed travel 
restrictions and quarantines to help control its spread. While the spread of COVID-19 has slowed in China, 
it has spread to many countries around the world. As it has spread, many other countries have also been 
similarly impacted. In March 2020, certain countries, including the UAE, began imposing travel restrictions, 
social distancing and other restrictions, which aim to reduce in person interactions. These measures, while 
designed to slow the spread of COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions in economic activity globally. To 
date, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, lowered equity market valuations 
in many countries, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, decreased interest rates 
and increased unemployment levels, with global GDP contracting by 4.3 per cent. during 2020 according to 
data published by the World Bank. 
The impact of the pandemic on the GCC region was relatively severe due to the resultant large drop in oil 
prices and concerns over excess oil production and its storage (as discussed further below). Though some 
restrictive measures have been reduced in certain countries and economic activity has begun to recover in 
certain markets, it is currently unclear how long existing restrictions will be in place, the duration of possible 
future restrictions and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies. 
In addition to this, the movement restrictions imposed globally in response to the pandemic significantly 
impacted the UAE's tourism and hospitality sectors. This has been evidenced through the 67 per cent. 
decrease in international visitors to Dubai, the UAE's hotspot for international tourists, between 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (source: Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce).

--- Page 15 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
In response to the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on their domestic economies, various governments 
around the world have announced fiscal stimulus packages and numerous central banks have implemented 
interest rate cuts. On 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve reduced its target range for the federal funds 
rate from 1.50 to 1.75 per cent. to 1.00 to 1.25 per cent. and, on 15 March 2020, reduced this further to zero 
to 0.25 per cent. On 16 March 2020, the Central Bank reduced the interest rate applicable to one week 
certificates of deposit ("CDs") by 75 basis points from 1.00 per cent. to 0.25 per cent. and reduced rates 
applicable to the Interim Marginal Lending Facility (the "IMLF") and the Collateralised Murabaha Facility 
by 50 basis points. The Central Bank also issued directions to UAE banks for protecting impacted bank 
customers (for instance, through temporary profit/interest deferrals and reduction of fees). In 2020, The 
Higher Shariah Authority at the Central Bank (the "HSA") issued Resolution No.82/2/2020 concerning 
COVID-19. For further information, please see "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations 
– Recent Trends in Banking – COVID-19" and "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations 
– Recent Trends in Banking – TESS". While the European Central Bank has not cut its base rate, in March 
2020 it announced the Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme, a stimulus package to support the Euro 
area financial system by lowering borrowing costs and increasing lending in the Euro area. 
However, a prolonged implementation of such measures may affect the banking sector adversely. For 
instance, the Central Bank's interest rate reduction in respect of one week CDs and its directions to banks 
in respect of temporary profit/interest deferrals and reduction of fees for affected customers may affect 
banks' profitability (although, simultaneously, the Central Bank has reduced rates applicable to the IMLF 
and the Collateralised Murabaha Facility and implemented a Targeted Economic Support Scheme (the 
"TESS") which includes measures to support banks' liquidity) (see further "The United Arab Emirates 
Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS").  
In 2020, in response to this outbreak, the Group effected certain branch closures, reduced staff attendance 
at the branches that continued to operate, implemented working-from-home regimes and processes and 
provided for additional expected credit loss ("ECL"). The Group also implemented payment 
holidays/deferrals and fee waivers in accordance with the Central Bank's directions. Whist some of these 
measures have been reversed in 2021 (see further "Description of the Group – Response to COVID-19") 
the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact of new variants of COVID-19, on the 
Group and the global economy is dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot 
be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and further actions taken by governmental 
authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Any of these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Oil price volatility and future currency de-pegging could adversely impact the Group's net profit margins 
and financing costs 
Dubai enjoys a relatively diverse economy, with the three largest contributors to Dubai's GDP at constant 
prices being wholesale and retail trade, manufacturing and financial services and insurance (comprising 
24.2 per cent., 10.1 per cent. and 11.6 per cent., respectively, of Dubai's GDP at constant prices in the first 
six months of 2020 (source: Gross Domestic Product at Constant Prices (preliminary estimates), Dubai 
Statistics Centre)). However, any significant reduction in international oil prices may have a negative 
impact on regional spending and liquidity and, consequently, is likely to affect Dubai's economy indirectly 
through its impact on the trade, construction, real estate, tourism and banking sectors in particular, given 
the openness of the economy which has no capital or exchange controls.  
For instance, international crude oil prices declined dramatically between July 2014 and January 2016 
(falling by approximately 75 per cent. from a monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of 
U.S.$107.89 in July 2014 to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016). Notwithstanding the 
partial increase in global crude oil prices between 2017 to 2019 (from a yearly average OPEC Reference 
Basket price per barrel of U.S.$52.43 in 2017 to a yearly average price of U.S.$66.48 in 2019), the oil-
producing economies of the GCC (including the UAE) have continued to experience the impact of such 
decrease in oil prices which resulted in budget deficits and a decrease in fiscal revenues. Government fiscal 
deficits have resulted in weakened net asset positions, larger external financing needs and/or continued 
lower government spending. This has resulted in the downgrading, or placing on "creditwatch", of a number 
of GCC sovereigns, including the Kingdom of Bahrain and the Sultanate of Oman. 
The OPEC Reference Basket price fell significantly throughout 2020. In early March 2020, OPEC officials 
proposed a plan to the members of 'OPEC+' countries, including Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per 
cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC oil

--- Page 16 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC+' failing to extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per 
day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. As such, in March 2020, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. In early April 2020, 'OPEC+' 
announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, however this action 
failed to sufficiently support the oil market with prices falling in the days following that announcement. This 
agreement was extended until July 2020, beyond which a gradual easing of the cuts was scheduled. As a result 
of the above factors and the COVID-19 outbreak weakening the demand for oil, the OPEC Reference 
Basket price fell significantly. Furthermore, certain oil prices turned negative during April 2020 (with the 
West Texas Intermediate benchmark falling as low as minus U.S.$37.63 a barrel), as weakened demand, as a 
result of the COVID-19 outbreak, led to buyers being paid to take oil due to storage capacity concerns. The 
OPEC Reference Basket price continued to fluctuate throughout 2020 however since the start of 2021 has 
begun to increase, with prices also supported by Saudi Arabia's voluntary 1 million barrels per day cut in 
January 2021. As demand improved, 'OPEC+' agreed to partially ease cuts from May 2021 onward and in 
July 2021, an agreement was reached among 'OPEC+' members whereby the UAE's production capacity will 
increase from 3.176 million barrels a day to 3.65 million barrels a day starting in April 2022. In addition, it 
was agreed that the OPEC+ group will increase supply by a further 2 million barrels a day from August 2021 
until December 2021 and that it aims to fully phase out cuts by around September 2022. However, it is unclear 
what effect the agreement will have on oil prices in the short- to medium-term and there can be no guarantee 
that crude oil prices will not decrease. In September 2021, the OPEC Reference Basket had reached a 
monthly average of U.S.$73.89. 
In the UAE, the prevailing low oil price environment has stimulated a UAE Federal Government led policy 
of rationalisation of fiscal spending which, in turn, has led to an ongoing transformation within the UAE 
economy. The UAE Federal Government has scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, 
reduced government investment, raised electricity and water tariffs and removed fuel subsidies. Further, 
with effect from 1 January 2018, the UAE Federal Government introduced a value-added tax regime in the 
UAE at a rate of 5 per cent. These significant fiscal reforms have become an integral part of a broader UAE 
Federal Government strategy aimed at reducing fiscal expenditure generally and fiscal dependency on 
hydrocarbon related revenues. When taken in totality with the ongoing oil price volatility and the diversion 
of significant fiscal revenues to the Saudi Arabian led military intervention in the Republic of Yemen since 
2015 (see further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the UAE and the Middle East – Political, 
Economic and Related Considerations"), the impact on the UAE economy since early 2015 has been, and 
is expected to continue to be, significant. This ongoing transformative process in the domestic economy 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
In response to the oil price volatility through 2015 and 2016, certain regional oil producing countries that 
had traditionally "pegged" their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar faced pressure to remove these 
foreign exchange "pegs". During 2015, each of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan chose to unwind the U.S. dollar 
peg of their domestic currencies. While the likelihood of the GCC states pursuing a similar course of action 
is unclear (the Central Bank has, as recently as June 2016, re-iterated its intention to retain the UAE dirham 
peg against the U.S. dollar), there remains a risk that any such future de-pegging by the GCC states (in the 
event that the current challenging market conditions or volatility in global crude oil prices persist for a 
prolonged period) would pose a systemic risk to the regional banking systems by virtue of the inevitable 
de-valuation of any such de-pegged currency against the U.S. dollar and the impact this would have on the 
open cross-currency positions held by regional banks, including the Group (which maintains its financial 
statements and reports its results in UAE dirham). Further, any de-pegging could adversely impact the 
Group's net profit margins and financing costs. 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risks due to its operations in the global financial markets 
Liquidity risk refers to the inability of the Group to fund an increase in assets and meet obligations as they 
become due (structural funding risk) or the inability to convert assets into cash at reasonable prices (market 
liquidity risk). The risk arises from mismatches in the amount and timings of cash flows. Liquidity risk can 
be caused by market disruptions or credit downgrades which may impose constraints on certain sources of 
funding. 
In the second half of 2008, a liquidity crisis arose in the global credit markets due to a large number of 
obligor defaults in the sub-prime mortgage loan market in the United States. This crisis expanded to affect 
all levels of the international economy. In particular, and in part reflecting the effects of the global economic 
crisis, the UAE financial markets experienced comparatively reduced levels of liquidity from the third

--- Page 17 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
quarter of 2008 and throughout 2009. Liquidity is essential to the performance of the banking sector and 
the business of the Group and, during this period, a number of measures were taken in an attempt to improve 
the liquidity levels in the UAE by the UAE Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank, including, but not 
limited to, regular contact and intervention with respect to UAE banks to provide liquidity to the market 
(UAE Ministry of Finance deposits and Central Bank funding support). 
While the liquidity situation in the UAE improved from 2010 to 2014, it again deteriorated in 2015 and 
2016 as the system experienced a decrease in the level of government deposits and increased competition 
for liquidity from regional banks (which resulted in an increase in the financing/loan to deposit ratio across 
the UAE banking system), before improving again in 2017, 2018 and 2019. Whilst the Group does not 
materially rely on government deposits, and generally enjoys healthy levels of liquidity, there is no 
guarantee that this trend will persist or that any improvement in liquidity will continue in the future. For 
instance, the ongoing macro-economic volatility poses, and could continue to pose, a material challenge to 
regional and global liquidity (see further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business 
Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as a financial institution"). 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank implemented the TESS which, amongst other 
things, provides UAE banks with access to zero cost funding with a view to improving market liquidity 
(see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking –
TESS").  
Any future constraints on liquidity could result in less favourable credit ratings, higher funding costs and 
less accessible funds for the Group and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Credit rating downgrades may adversely affect the Group's ability to raise capital and the market value of 
Certificates 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Emirates Islamic has been assigned a long-term foreign currency 
issuer default rating of A+ by Fitch. This credit rating is intended to measure Emirates Islamic's ability to 
meet its debt obligations as they mature and is an important factor in determining Emirates Islamic's (and 
the Group's) cost of financing. Emirates Islamic's ratings are in line with ENBD's credit ratings since Fitch 
considers Emirates Islamic an integral subsidiary of ENBD. Emirates Islamic's ratings could therefore be 
affected by any changes in the ratings of ENBD or of the UAE. The UAE has been assigned a long-term 
credit rating of Aa2 by Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd principally on the basis of the 
assumption that the obligations of the UAE Federal Government will be unconditionally supported by Abu 
Dhabi. Any actual or anticipated changes in Emirates Islamic's credit ratings (including due to any actual 
or anticipated changes in the credit ratings of ENBD or the UAE) could constrain Emirates Islamic's (and 
the Group's) ability to raise capital and may affect the market value of any Certificates issued under the 
Programme. 
The Group is exposed to credit risks due to its financing and investment activities  
Credit risk is the risk that any of the Group's customers, clients or market counterparties fail to fulfil their 
contractual obligations to the Group resulting in a financial loss to the Group. For the Group, credit risk 
arises mainly from interbank, corporate, commercial and consumer financing receivables, and financing 
commitments arising from such financing activities, but can also arise from credit enhancement provided, 
such as Shariah-compliant credit derivatives (Shariah-compliant credit default swaps), financial guarantees, 
letters of credit, endorsements and acceptances. The Group is also exposed to credit risks arising from 
investments in financing securities and Shariah-compliant derivatives as well as settlement balances with 
market counterparties and reverse repurchase agreements. 
Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties of the Group, 
from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the 
financial systems, all of which could affect the recoverability and value of the assets of the Group and 
therefore subject the Group to an increase in the provisions for the impairment of its assets and other credit 
exposures. For instance, small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") in the UAE experienced a severe 
economic downturn in 2016. As a result, creditors to such SMEs (such as the Group) were subject to an 
increased risk of default. As a remedial measure, the UAE introduced new bankruptcy laws in order to 
minimise "skip" risk, particularly for SME businesses run by non-UAE nationals. More recently, the 
COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in a number of measures being implemented by the Central Bank which

--- Page 18 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
may impact the Group (see "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends 
in Banking – COVID-19" and "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends 
in Banking – TESS"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the prevailing unstable macro-economic 
climate has prompted reduced fiscal budgets and public spending plans in recent years in the UAE and 
across the GCC economies and customers and counterparties may again face similar challenges (see further 
"Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market 
risks due to its operations as a financial institution"). The Group may therefore experience a higher level 
of credit defaults (including non-performing financings and consequential increases in impairment 
allowances for doubtful financings and advances) by the Group's customers and counterparties which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
In 2020 the Group experienced a deterioration in credit quality ratios due to the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic, and lockdown measures imposed, on the Group's customers. Although the Group increased its 
ECL coverage, through higher provisioning, in the year ended 31 December 2020 to address expected 
increases in customer default, there remains uncertainty as to the future impact of COVID-19 on credit 
quality and as such further provisioning may be required in subsequent financial periods. 
Concentrations in financing activity, industry sectors and geographical locations could adversely affect the 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects  
Concentration risk is the risk that accrues on the Group as a result of lack of diversification in its portfolio. 
This risk arises when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities or activities in 
the same geographic region or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet 
contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. 
Concentrations in the Group's financing receivable and deposit portfolio subject it to risks from default by 
its larger obligors, from exposure to particular sectors of the UAE economy and from withdrawal of large 
deposits. The Group's financing receivables portfolio shows geographic, industry and obligor 
concentration: 
 
the Group's financing receivable and deposit portfolio is concentrated, geographically, in the UAE. 
As at 30 June 2021, 95.9 per cent. of the Group's net financing receivables and 98.6 per cent. of 
the Group's total deposits (comprising due to banks and customer deposits) were attributable to the 
UAE; 
 
63.8 per cent. of the Group's net financing receivables as at 30 June 2021 were attributable to its 
consumer banking customers; 
 
the Group's 10 largest private sector obligors (which excludes those obligors which are either 
wholly or majority owned by the Government or by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al 
Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai) represented 10.6 per cent. of the Group's total gross financing 
receivables as at 30 June 2021. As at 30 June 2021, the Group's largest funded exposure to a private 
sector obligor was AED 738 million, which constituted 1.6 per cent. of its total gross financing 
receivables as at that date and 8.4 per cent. of its total regulatory capital as at that date (total 
regulatory capital being AED 8.8 billion as at 30 June 2021); and 
 
in terms of industry concentration of the Group's total financing receivables, as at 30 June 2021, 
personal finance accounted for 61.1 per cent., manufacturing and trade together accounted for 16.0 
per cent., construction and real estate together accounted for 6.7 per cent. and financial institutions 
and investment companies accounted for 2.6 per cent. 
The Group is therefore exposed to risks arising from a downturn in the fortunes of any of the Group's 
obligors or in the regions or sectors in which they operate. For instance, a downturn in the UAE economy 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects (see also "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the UAE and the Middle East"). Further, 
although Emirates Islamic considers that the Group has adequate access to sources of funding, the 
withdrawal of a significant portion of any large deposits could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects (including its ability to meet the Central 
Bank target stable resources ratio or eligible liquid asset ratio (see further "The United Arab Emirates 
Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – Liquidity")).

--- Page 19 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Similarly, any unfavourable developments in any of the industry sectors to which the Group has significant 
exposure could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. As an example, as at 30 June 2021, construction and real estate accounted for 1.4 
per cent. and 5.3 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total financing receivables. The Group's total funded 
construction and real estate exposure was AED 3,128.5 million as at 30 June 2021. The real estate sector 
in Dubai has steadily declined since 2015 as a result changes in interest rates, consumer spending, inflation 
rates, real estate taxes and the availability and cost of financing. This decline was further exacerbated by 
the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 with apartment and villa/townhouse prices in Dubai registering a 12 
month average decline of 4.4 per cent. from December 2019 to December 2020 (source: Cavendish 
Maxwell's property monitor report 2020). Continued decline in the Dubai real estate market in the future 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group's main real estate-related clients, which could in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
The Group's risk management policies and internal controls may not be effective in all circumstances 
and may leave the Group exposed to operational risks, which could result in material losses 
Operational risk is the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, 
human error or external events. It thus excludes strategic and reputation risks but includes legal and 
regulatory risks. Operational risks and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to 
document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, lapses in any operational controls, 
any failure of internal systems or equipment, any failure of external systems (e.g., those of the Group's 
counterparties or vendors) or occurrence of natural disasters. The Group may also face legal risks from 
private actions brought against it. 
Operational risks and losses could also arise from the Group's failure to comply with applicable conduct of 
business rules (including financial crime risk, i.e., know your customer ("KYC"), anti-money laundering 
("AML"), counter-terrorism financing ("CTF") laws and sanctions policies) and/or regulatory 
requirements. 
Although the Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies and substantial resources 
are devoted to developing efficient policies and procedures in order to minimise losses and ensure 
compliance with Basel III requirements, it is not possible to eliminate any of the operational risks entirely. 
Should any of the foregoing risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
This risk factor should not be taken as implying that the Trustee or Emirates Islamic will be unable to 
comply with their obligations as a company with securities: (i) admitted to the Official List; and/or (ii) 
admitted to the DFSA Official List. 
Changes in laws, regulations and their interpretation and enforcement may limit the Group's ability to 
invest or raise capital 
Emirates Islamic is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety 
and soundness of banks, ensure its compliance with economic, social and other objectives and limit its 
exposure to risk. These regulations include UAE federal laws and regulations (particularly those of the 
UAE Federal Government and the Central Bank (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector 
and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking")). Such regulations may, amongst other things, limit Emirates 
Islamic's ability to increase its financing receivable portfolios or raise capital or may increase its cost of 
doing business. 
Any changes in the laws and regulations and/or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced could 
also have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. For instance, Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 (effective from 23 September 2018) (the "2018 
Federal Law") indicates that the Central Bank shall establish a resolution framework for financial 
institutions, pursuant to which, in the case of a deficiency in an institution's financial position, the Central 
Bank may take certain actions for the protection of the concerned institution and its depositors. These may 
include (without limitation) requesting a court to liquidate or declare bankrupt such institution, or prepare 
a plan for transfer of its assets and liabilities, in accordance with established laws. The timing and content 
for any such framework are uncertain. The exercise (or perceived likelihood of exercise) of any such action 
by the Central Bank or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any

--- Page 20 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Certificates issued under the Programme and could lead to holders losing some or all of their investment in 
the Certificates. Similarly, any failure by Emirates Islamic to comply with the relevant qualitative and 
quantitative liquidity requirements or maintain required regulatory capital ratios could result in 
administrative actions, sanctions or fines against Emirates Islamic (see further "The United Arab Emirates 
Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking"). Although Emirates Islamic works closely 
with its regulators and continually monitors the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other 
policies cannot be predicted and are beyond its control. 
The Group may be subject to cyber-security attacks  
In common with other financial institutions based in the GCC and elsewhere in the world, the threat to the 
security of the Group's information and customer data from cyber-attacks continues to grow at pace. 
Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are amongst those targeting computer systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given 
the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead 
to significant breaches of security. Failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually review 
and update current processes in response to new threats could disrupt the Group's business, result in the 
disclosure of confidential information, create significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage the 
Group's reputation and/or brands, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is reliant on key personnel  
The Group's ability to maintain and grow its business will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to recruit 
and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The Group may face challenges 
in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel to manage its respective business from time to time and, if it 
is to continue to grow, will need to continue to increase its employee numbers. 
Additionally, in 2017, the Central Bank introduced a point based system which encourages the development 
and deployment of UAE nationals in critical roles at a variety of levels (see further "The United Arab 
Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Characteristics of the Banking System – Expatriate 
workforce"). In common with other banks in the UAE, Emirates Islamic experiences a shortage of, and 
competition to recruit and retain, qualified UAE national employees. If Emirates Islamic is unable to meet 
or exceed the UAE Federal Government's recommended policy for recruiting UAE nationals, it may be 
subject to legal penalties including with respect to its current licences, and may be prevented from obtaining 
additional licences necessary in order to allow it to expand its business. While Emirates Islamic currently 
meets (and exceeds) the UAE Federal Government's "Emiratisation" requirements (see further 
"Management and Employees – Employees – Emiratisation") and believes that it has effective staff 
recruitment, training and incentive programmes in place, if it was unable to retain key members of its senior 
management and/or remove under-performing staff and/or hire new qualified personnel in a timely manner, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The increasingly competitive environment in the UAE banking industry may adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects 
Emirates Islamic faces competition in all of its business areas from domestic and foreign banks operating 
in the UAE. Moreover, there are an increasing number of Islamic banks and other institutions offering 
Islamic financial products and services within the UAE. Other financial institutions may also consider 
offering Shariah-compliant products. To the extent Shariah compliance is not a key concern for customers, 
Emirates Islamic would also face competition from conventional banks. Emirates Islamic's main 
competitors in terms of product offering and customer segments are Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Dubai 
Islamic Bank PJSC and Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC in the Islamic banking sector as well as from 
conventional banks such as Commercial Bank of Dubai PJSC, Mashreqbank psc and National Bank of Ras 
Al Khaimah PJSC (RAKBank) (see further "Description of the Group – Competition"). 
The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards. As at 30 June 2021, 48 
commercial banks (comprising 21 local banks and 27 foreign commercial banks) operated in the UAE 
(source: Statistical Bulletin June 2021 (preliminary data), Central Bank), serving a population estimated to 
be in the region of 9.8 million in 2020 (source: The World Bank). Although historically there has been little 
impetus for consolidation, there have been some significant mergers in recent years in the UAE banking

--- Page 21 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
sector (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Characteristics of the 
Banking System – Historic lack of consolidation"). Should such consolidation continue, it could lead to a 
significant alteration of the competitive environment with fewer, larger locally incorporated banks 
competing for the larger financing transactions in the region with the foreign banks (which have tended to 
have comparatively larger franchises) and enabling such local banks to have access to greater infrastructure 
and resources to absorb capital costs, such as information technology ("IT") system development. 
Moreover, the banking market in the UAE has generally been a relatively protected market with high 
regulatory and other barriers to entry for foreign financial institutions. However, should some of these 
barriers be removed or eased in the future, either voluntarily or as a result of the UAE's membership of the 
World Trade Organisation, the GCC or any other similar entities which require greater economic 
liberalisation, it is likely to lead to a more competitive environment for Emirates Islamic and other domestic 
financial institutions. 
Any such increase in competition or significant alteration of the competitive environment could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The interests of the Group's controlling shareholder, and its ability to control actions of the Group, may 
conflict with the commercial interests of the Group, which may also conflict with the interests of the 
Certificateholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENBD holds a 99.9 per cent. stake in Emirates Islamic. In turn, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Investment Corporation of Dubai holds a 55.75 per cent. stake in 
ENBD. The Investment Corporation of Dubai is wholly-owned by the Government. By virtue of its indirect 
shareholding in Emirates Islamic, the Government has the ability to influence Emirates Islamic's business 
through its ability to control actions that require shareholder approval. If circumstances were to arise where 
the interests of the Government conflict with the interests of the Certificateholders, Certificateholders could 
be disadvantaged by any such conflict. 
Neither the Government nor the UAE Federal Government are under any obligation to invest in, make 
deposits with, do business with or otherwise support Emirates Islamic. The Government and the UAE 
Federal Government may, whether directly or through government-owned entities, at any time and for any 
reason, dispose of its investments in, withdraw its deposits from, cease to do business with or otherwise 
cease to support Emirates Islamic. The reduction or elimination of governmental support could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Government does not explicitly or implicitly guarantee the financial obligations of Emirates Islamic 
(including in respect of Emirates Islamic's obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party) nor does it, like any other shareholder (acting through the Investment Corporation of Dubai), have 
any legal obligation to provide any support or additional funding for any of Emirates Islamic's future 
operations. 
Non-compliance with resolutions of the HSA and/or the EI Shariah Committee may result in financial 
loss or reputational damage for Emirates Islamic 
Emirates Islamic is required to adhere to: (i) resolutions, fatwas, regulations, and standards issued by the 
HSA in relation to licenced activities and businesses of Islamic Financial Institutions ("HSA's 
Resolutions"); and (ii) resolutions and fatwas issued by the EI Shariah Committee in relation to licenced 
activities and businesses of Emirates Islamic (the "Committee's Resolutions"), provided they do not 
contradict with HSA's Resolutions. To the extent that any of the banking activities of Emirates Islamic are, 
or are perceived to be, non-compliant with Islamic Shariah in accordance with the HSA's Resolutions and/or 
the Committee's Resolutions, there is a risk that Emirates Islamic could incur financial loss and/or suffer 
reputational damage.  
Risk Factors Relating to the UAE and the Middle East 
The majority of the Group's operations and assets are in the UAE and, accordingly, its business may be 
affected by the financial, political and general economic conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE 
and/or the Middle East generally and thereby affect Emirates Islamic's ability to perform its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (see also "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to 
the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as a financial 
institution").

--- Page 22 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
These markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including in some cases significant 
legal, economic and political risks. Accordingly, investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the 
risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in the light of those risks, their investment is 
appropriate. 
Political instability and economic volatility may adversely affect the Group's business 
While the UAE has historically enjoyed significant economic growth and relative political stability, there 
can be no assurance that such growth or stability will continue. Investors should note that the Group's 
business and financial performance may be affected by the financial, political and general economic 
conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE and the Middle East. This is particularly so in light of 
significant adverse financial and economic conditions experienced worldwide commencing in early 2008. 
Since that time, there has been a slowdown or reversal of the high rates of growth that had been experienced 
by many countries within the GCC and the UAE, especially in Dubai. Consequently, certain sectors of the 
GCC economy such as financial institutions that had benefitted from such high growth rates could be 
adversely affected by any future slowdown. 
No assurance can be given that the UAE Federal Government will not implement regulations or fiscal or 
monetary policies, including policies, regulations, or new legal interpretations of existing regulations, 
relating to or affecting taxation, interest rates or exchange controls, or otherwise take actions which could 
have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects or 
its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or which could 
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the Certificates. 
While the UAE is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other jurisdictions in the MENA 
region are not and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE. Instability in 
the MENA region may result from a number of factors, including government or military regime change, 
civil unrest or terrorism. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries 
in the MENA region, including Algeria, Egypt, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Libya, Palestine, the Republic of Iraq (Kurdistan), the Republic of Yemen, 
the Sultanate of Oman, Syria, Turkey and Tunisia. 
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict (including the 
multinational conflict with the Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and the overthrow of 
existing leadership and has given rise to increased political uncertainty across the region. Further, in 2015, 
Saudi Arabia commenced a military intervention in the Republic of Yemen in response to requests for 
assistance from the Yemeni government against the Al Houthi militia. The UAE was a member of this 
intervention before withdrawing its military in 2020. In March 2021, Saudi Arabia proposed a ceasefire in 
Yemen which the Al Houthi militia rejected. As such, the conflict remains ongoing with the Al Houthi 
militia claiming responsibility for drone and missile attacks on Saudi Arabia in April 2021 and drone attacks 
on Saudi Arabia's Abha International Airport in September 2021.  
The UAE is a member of another Saudi Arabian led military coalition formed in December 2015 to combat 
Islamic extremism and, in particular, the Islamic State. Additionally, in June 2017 a number of MENA 
countries including the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain and Egypt severed 
diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar, citing the State of Qatar's alleged support for terrorism and 
accusing the State of Qatar of creating instability in the region. The termination of diplomatic relations 
included the withdrawal of ambassadors and imposing trade and travel bans. The three year embargo came 
to an end in January 2021 with diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar being reinstated following the 
signing of the Al-Ula Agreement by the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar, the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman and Egypt. 
In addition, there are ongoing tensions between the United States and Iran, which were heightened in 
January 2020 following the killing of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani by a United States drone strike and 
retaliatory attacks by Iran on United States military bases in the Republic of Iraq. Furthermore, in August 
2021 instability increased across Afghanistan following the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan in 
July 2021 and the increased presence of the Taliban across the country. In August 2021, the UAE Ministry 
of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation confirmed that the UAE had welcomed President Ashraf 
Ghani and his family into the country on humanitarian grounds, and in September 2021, also confirmed 
that the UAE had pledged AED184 million in humanitarian support to Afghanistan.

--- Page 23 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
These situations have caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and may have 
had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices (see further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors 
Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as 
a financial institution – Oil price volatility and future currency de-pegging could adversely impact the 
Group's net profit margins and financing costs"). In 2020 and 2021, the macro-economic environment (both 
globally and within the UAE) has also been materially affected by the COVID-19 outbreak (see further 
"Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market 
risks due to its operations as a financial institution – The Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects may be materially adversely affected by changes in the macro-economic 
environment following the COVID-19 outbreak" and "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and 
Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – COVID-19"). 
Though the effects of such politico-economic uncertainty have been varied, it is not possible to predict the 
occurrence of events or circumstances such as war, hostilities or pandemics, or the impact of such 
occurrences, and no assurance can be given that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic 
growth levels if adverse political, economic or related events or circumstances were to occur. Continued 
instability affecting the countries in the MENA region could adversely impact the UAE, although to-date 
there has been no significant impact on Dubai or the UAE. 
Dubai is also dependent on expatriate labour and has made significant efforts in recent years to attract high 
volumes of foreign businesses and tourists to the Emirate (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking 
Sector and Regulations – Characteristics of the Banking System – Expatriate workforce"). These steps 
make it potentially more vulnerable should regional instability increase. In addition, the continued 
instability affecting countries in the MENA region could negatively impact the number of foreign 
businesses seeking to invest in the UAE, whilst also affecting the number of tourists visiting the UAE. 
A general downturn, political instability or volatility in certain sectors of the UAE or the regional economy 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects (including any trickle-down effect due to the resultant instability or slowdown resulting in a 
downturn in the fortunes of any of the Group's depositors and customers). 
Changes in currency policy and procedure and de-pegging may affect Emirates Islamic's ability to 
perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
There is a possibility that some countries in the GCC may abandon their respective national currencies in 
favour of a single GCC currency. If a single GCC currency is adopted, the necessary convergence of laws, 
policies and procedure will bring significant changes to the economic and political infrastructure in each of 
the GCC states. As yet there has been no announcement of any monetary union and there are currently no 
details of new legislation or policies. It is also possible that some countries in the GCC could remove or 
devalue their currency peg to the U.S. dollar (see further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the 
Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as a financial 
institution – Oil price volatility and future currency de-pegging could adversely impact the Group's net 
profit margins and financing costs"). Investors should, however, be aware that new legislation and any 
resulting shift in policy and procedure in the UAE, including currency de-pegging or devaluation, could 
affect the ability of Emirates Islamic to perform its obligations in respect of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
Risk Factors relating to Enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing foreign arbitration awards and foreign judgments in 
Dubai 
The payments under the Certificates are dependent upon the Obligor making payments to investors in the 
manner contemplated under the Transaction Documents. If the Obligor fails to do so, it may be necessary 
to bring an action against the Obligor to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages which could be 
both time consuming and costly. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne 
in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement 
of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts.

--- Page 24 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The Obligor has irrevocably agreed to the Certificates and certain Transaction Documents being governed 
by English law. Unresolved disputes in relation to the Certificates and such Transaction Documents 
governed by English law will, unless the option to litigate set out therein is exercised, be referred to 
arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules with the seat of arbitration in London. In the event that such 
option to litigate set out therein is exercised, any dispute may also be referred to the courts of England or 
the courts of the DIFC (the "DIFC Courts") (or another court of competent jurisdiction as the relevant 
party may elect). Notwithstanding that an arbitral award may be obtained from an arbitral tribunal in 
London or that a judgment may be obtained in an English court there is no assurance that the Obligor has 
or would at the relevant time have assets in the UK against which such an arbitral award or judgment could 
be enforced. The Obligor is a UAE company and is incorporated in and has its operations and the majority 
of its assets located in the UAE. To the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the 
UAE, it should be borne in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that 
generally enforcement of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Under current Dubai law, the Dubai courts are unlikely to enforce an English court judgment without re-
examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the 
governing law of the relevant Transaction Documents or the Certificates. In the UAE, foreign law is 
required to be established as a question of fact, and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, 
may not accord with the perception of an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice 
of foreign law if they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction 
agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of 
foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or 
applicable in, the UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, court decisions in Dubai are generally not recorded. These factors create greater 
judicial uncertainty. 
As described above, the Obligor has agreed under the terms of certain of the Transaction Documents 
(including the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed) to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction 
of the DIFC Courts in respect of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of or in connection 
with such Transaction Documents, subject to the right of the Trustee, the Obligor (in respect of the Trustee's 
Sale and Purchase Undertaking only), the Delegate, or the Agents, as the case may be, to elect to bring 
proceedings in any other court or courts of competent jurisdiction. Dubai Law No. 16 of 2011 on Amending 
Certain Provisions of Law No. 12 of 2004 Concerning the Dubai International Financial Centre Courts 
("Law No. 16 of 2011") was issued, and came into force in Dubai, on 31 October 2011 and extended the 
jurisdiction of the DIFC Courts to include all civil and commercial disputes where the parties to the relevant 
dispute have expressly agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the DIFC Courts, even where those parties 
(such as the Obligor) are unconnected to the DIFC. 
If, in respect of any Series, the Obligor fails to pay (in whole or in part) the relevant Exercise Price in 
connection with its purchase of an interest in the relevant Wakala Portfolio under the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Delegate (on behalf of the relevant Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 
16 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights) and the terms of the Master Trust Deed relating to the enforcement 
of rights, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the indemnity 
provisions set out in the Master Trust Deed against the Obligor by commencing proceedings in the DIFC 
Courts, which should accept the choice of English law as the governing law of the Purchase Undertaking 
and the Master Trust Deed. 
Under Article 7 of Law No. 12 of 2004 as amended by Law No. 16 of 2011, any final and unappealable 
judgment, order or award issued by the DIFC Courts that is appropriate for enforcement in favour of the 
Delegate (on behalf of the relevant Certificateholders) shall, upon application by the Delegate to the Dubai 
courts, be enforced by the Dubai courts against the Obligor without such courts re-examining the merits of 
the judgment, order or award. Investors should note, however, that as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there has been very limited case law relating to Law No. 16 2011 and therefore it is not certain as to how 
the DIFC Courts intend to exercise their jurisdiction under the new law should any party dispute the right 
of the DIFC Courts to hear a particular dispute where such parties are unconnected to the DIFC. 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the 
"New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any 
other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be

--- Page 25 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
enforceable in Dubai in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse 
enforcement, or the Dubai courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration, or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE.  
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the Dubai courts in practice and whether the Dubai courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, whose 
rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross-border. Although there are examples of foreign 
arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards has been refused.  
Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 Concerning the Executive Regulations of the Civil Procedure Law 
("Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018") also governs the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the UAE. 
Under Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018, in the absence of an applicable multilateral or bilateral treaty 
with force of law, arbitral awards made in any state other than the UAE may be refused enforcement by the 
Dubai courts for the reasons set out in Article 85 and Article 86 of Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018. 
However, Article 88 of Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 further provides that Articles 85 to 87 do not 
prejudice the provision of treaties and agreements entered into by the UAE with other States (which 
includes the New York Convention). There remains a risk that, notwithstanding Article 88 of Cabinet 
Resolution No. 57 of 2018 or the terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, 
the Dubai courts may in practice still consider and apply the grounds set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 
(the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. As the UAE Arbitration 
Law and Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 are both relatively untested, it is unclear how they will be 
applied by the Dubai courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will be 
refused enforcement by the Dubai courts. 
UAE bankruptcy law 
In the event of the insolvency of the Obligor, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect the ability of the 
Obligor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. There is little precedent to predict 
how a claim on behalf of Certificateholders against the Obligor would be resolved in the case of the 
insolvency of the Obligor (including the approach that would be adopted by a liquidator or analogous 
insolvency official in respect of any subordination agreed as a matter of contract between the Obligor and 
any of its creditors). 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that the Obligor fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is 
a party, the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for 
specific enforcement of the relevant obligations or a claim for damages. An order for specific enforcement 
is at the discretion of the court and there is no assurance that a court will provide such an order. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to mitigate any loss arising as a 
result of the breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event 
of a failure by the Obligor to perform its obligations as set out in the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party. 
Sovereign immunity 
Under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the Obligor has waived its rights in relation to 
sovereign immunity in respect of such documents. However, there can be no assurance as to whether such 
waivers of immunity from suit, execution or attachment or other legal process by the Obligor under such 
Transaction Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable under the laws of Dubai and, to the extent 
applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE.

--- Page 26 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Shariah requirements in relation to interest awarded by a court 
In accordance with applicable Shariah principles, each of the Trustee and the Delegate will waive all and 
any entitlement it may have to interest awarded in its favour by an arbitrator as a result of any arbitration 
and/or by a court in connection with any dispute under any of the Transaction Documents. Should there be 
any delay in the enforcement of a judgment or arbitral award given against the Obligor, judgment interest 
may accrue in respect of that delay and, as a result of the waiver referred to above, Certificateholders will 
not be entitled to receive any part of such interest. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Wakala Assets 
Ownership and transfer of the Wakala Assets 
The Shariah analysis is as follows: an ownership interest in the Wakala Assets comprised within the relevant 
Wakala Portfolio will pass to the Trustee under the Master Purchase Agreement as supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement (together, the "Purchase Agreement"). The Trustee will 
declare a trust in respect of the Wakala Assets and the other Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders 
of the relevant Series pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed. Accordingly, from a Shariah perspective, 
Certificateholders should, through the ownership interest obtained by the Trustee pursuant to the terms of 
the Purchase Agreement, have an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Wakala Assets. 
The Wakala Assets will be selected by the Obligor, and none of the Certificateholders, the Trustee or the 
Delegate will have any ability to influence such selection. Only limited representations will be obtained 
from the Obligor in respect of the Wakala Assets. No steps are intended to be taken to perfect the legal 
transfer of the ownership interest (including registration, if necessary) in the Wakala Assets with any 
relevant regulatory authority in the UAE or otherwise give notice to any lessee or obligor in respect thereof 
and no investigation will be made by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether 
the Obligor holds any rights, title or interest in, or remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of any of the Wakala Assets at any time. Therefore, Certificateholders shall have no legal interest 
in any Wakala Assets which require perfection in order to legally transfer any ownership interest therein. 
Further, although the Shariah analysis is such that an ownership interest in the Wakala Assets should pass 
to the Trustee under the Purchase Agreement, the Certificateholders will not have any rights of enforcement 
as against the Wakala Assets and their rights are limited to enforcement against the Obligor of its obligation 
to purchase all (or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of the Wakala Assets pursuant to the 
terms of the Purchase Undertaking.  
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed 
The Obligor has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that, in relation to any 
Series: (i) if, at the time of delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Obligor (acting in any capacity) holds any rights, title or interest in, or remains in actual 
or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the relevant Wakala Assets; and (ii) if, 
following delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the 
Obligor fails to pay the relevant Exercise Price for any reason, thereby resulting in the Obligor's failure to 
comply with its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Purchase Undertaking, the Obligor shall 
(as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the 
purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates in respect of which the exercise notice is 
delivered and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant 
Exercise Price. 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out in the above paragraph, if the Obligor fails to pay the 
relevant Exercise Price in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate may, subject to the 
matters set out in Condition 16 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights) and the terms of the Master Trust 
Deed, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed 
against the Obligor by commencing arbitral proceedings or proceedings in the courts of England or the 
DIFC Courts. See further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to Enforcement – Investors may experience 
difficulties in enforcing foreign arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Dubai". 
However, investors should note that, in the event that the Obligor (acting in any capacity) does not hold 
any rights, title or interest in, or remain in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any

--- Page 27 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
part of the relevant Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio at the time of delivery of the exercise 
notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking (for any reason whatsoever, including 
because the legal nature of such interest as the Obligor may have in the Wakala Assets does not amount to 
possession, custody or control in the view of a court or arbitral tribunal), the condition in (i) as described 
above will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by the Obligor under the separate 
indemnity provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, no investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether the Obligor has or will continue to hold any rights, 
title or interest in, or remain in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the 
Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish 
that there has been a breach of contract by the Obligor in order to prove for damages. Such breach of 
contract may be due to: (a) a breach by the Obligor of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's interests, 
rights, title, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Wakala Assets on the relevant Maturity Date or 
Dissolution Date pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (b) a breach by the Obligor 
(acting in its capacity as Service Agent pursuant to the provisions of the Service Agency Agreement) of its 
undertaking to maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title or interests 
in, to or under all of the Wakala Assets. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price and, in turn, the amount 
payable to the Certificateholders upon redemption. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Certificates 
A wide range of Certificates may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Certificates may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features. 
The Certificates may be subject to early dissolution by the Trustee 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a Series may be redeemed early at the option of the Trustee. 
Any such early redemption feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period 
when the Trustee may elect to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally will not 
rise substantially above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Trustee may be expected to redeem Certificates when the Trustee's matching deposits rates are lower 
than the profit rate on the Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the Certificates being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
re-investment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Certificates may be subject to early redemption for tax reasons 
If the Trustee becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Certificates as set out in 
Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue a Series 
of Certificates, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Certificates of such Series 
in accordance with Condition 12.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons). 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Trustee may elect to redeem the Certificates, the market value of the 
Certificates generally will not rise substantially above the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax). Potential 
investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 28 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return 
on Certificates based on such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, without limitation, the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR")) are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Certificates linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the FCA announced on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and 
confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be representative 
benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 
2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR, the ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA"), 
similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR settings on 31 December 
2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which are included in the current 
UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA 
to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" 
basis). Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form and the FCA 
announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if 
adopted, would be limited to a small number of currencies and settings. 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its working group on Sterling risk free rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so 
that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the Periodic Distribution Amount calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 9.7 (Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Certificates linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential

--- Page 29 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Certificates, the return on the relevant Certificates and the trading market for securities (including the 
Certificates) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event, as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Certificates. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the 
Certificates may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Certificates performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of a Rate for a particular Return Accumulation Period may 
result in the Rate for the last preceding Return Accumulation Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Certificates in respect of which the Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable based on 
the Rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Additionally, in order to facilitate the calculation of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, and in 
each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Conditions provide that the Obligor may vary the 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Certificateholders.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Certificates. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark and the material adverse effect these may have on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Certificates which reference any such benchmark. 
Risk factors relating to Certificates denominated in Renminbi 
Certificates denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Certificates") may be issued under the Programme. RMB 
Certificates contain particular risks for potential investors, including as set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Certificates 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
developed.

--- Page 30 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the IMF in 2016 and 
policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies 
were implemented by the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the 
future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new 
regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation 
pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that 
the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the 
overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Trustee to source Renminbi to 
finance its obligations under Certificates denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Certificates and the Trustee's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service RMB Certificates 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has (i) entered into agreements (the "Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of 
Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks") in a number of financial 
centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong; (ii) has established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank 
Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement; and (iii) is further in the process 
of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size 
of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business-participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Certificates. To the extent the Trustee is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its 
RMB Certificates, there is no assurance that the Trustee will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in RMB Certificates is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This 
change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of profit and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
the RMB Certificates unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may 
vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the RMB 
Certificates in that foreign currency will decline.

--- Page 31 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Gains on the transfer of the RMB Certificates may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of RMB Certificates 
by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of RMB Certificates but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident or individual holder from the 
transfer of RMB Certificates. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of RMB Certificates by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of RMB Certificates, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of RMB 
Certificates reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in RMB 
Certificates may be materially and adversely affected. 
Payments in respect of RMB Certificates will only be made to investors in the manner designated in the 
RMB Certificates 
All payments to investors in respect of the RMB Certificates will be made solely: (i) for so long as the 
RMB Certificates are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong; (ii) for so 
long as the RMB Certificates are represented by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or 
registered with the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the "CMU"), by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures; or (iii) for so 
long as the RMB Certificates are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in 
Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Trustee cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
An investment in RMB Certificates is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate from Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As RMB Certificates may carry a fixed profit rate, the trading price of the RMB Certificates will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the RMB Certificates 
propose to sell their RMB Certificates before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the 
amount they have invested. 
Other Risk Factors Relating to the Terms of the Certificates 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Certificates to be issued under the Programme are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the 
Certificates represent an undivided ownership interest solely in the relevant Trust Assets. Recourse to the 
Trustee in respect of each Series of Certificates is limited to the Trust Assets of that Series and the proceeds 
of such Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the relevant Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event, or early dissolution pursuant to Condition 12 (Capital Distributions of Trust), the sole 
rights of each of the Trustee and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders of the relevant Series of

--- Page 32 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Certificates will be against the Obligor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party. 
Certificateholders will otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, 
the relevant Dealer(s) or the Principal Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the foregoing entities in 
respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due under the Transaction Documents in respect of the 
relevant Trust Assets. The Obligor is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Delegate will have direct recourse against the Obligor 
to recover such payments due to the Trustee from the Obligor pursuant to the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
There can be no assurance that the net proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement action with respect to, 
the Trust Assets will be sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Certificates of the relevant 
Series. After enforcing or realising the rights in respect of the Trust Assets of a Series and distributing the 
net proceeds of such Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust 
Assets), the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series shall be satisfied 
and neither the Delegate nor any Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover 
any further sums in respect of such Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be 
extinguished. Furthermore, under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder 
have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking and the sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the 
Obligor shall be to enforce the obligation of the Obligor to pay the relevant Exercise Price under the 
Purchase Undertaking and otherwise perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party. 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by the Obligor to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents or by the Trustee in respect 
of the Certificates could become subject to taxation. The Service Agency Agreement and the Purchase 
Undertaking each require the Obligor to pay additional amounts in the event that any withholding or 
deduction is required by UAE law to be made in respect of payments made by it to the Trustee under those 
documents. Condition 13 (Taxation) provides that the Trustee is required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholdings or deductions imposed by the Cayman Islands and/or the UAE (see 
Condition 13 (Taxation) and the definitions of "Taxes" and "Relevant Jurisdiction") in certain 
circumstances. In the event that the Trustee fails to gross-up for any such withholding or deduction on 
payments due in respect of the Certificates to Certificateholders, the Obligor has, pursuant to the Master 
Trust Deed, unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a 
continuing obligation, to pay to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an amount equal to 
the liabilities of the Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required to be paid in respect of 
the Certificates pursuant to Condition 13 (Taxation) in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of any tax as set out in that Condition. 
The Certificates are subject to modification by a majority of Certificateholders without the consent of all 
Certificateholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Certificateholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders including 
Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Certificateholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Obligor and/or the Independent Advisor may agree, without the 
consent of Certificateholders, to any modification of any Certificates, in the circumstances specified in 
Condition 9.7 (Benchmark Replacement). 
Investors must make their own determination as to Shariah compliance 
The EI Shariah Committee, the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee, the 
Shariah Advisory Board of Citi Islamic Investment Bank E.C., the Internal Shariah Supervisory Committee 
of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC and the Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee have 
each confirmed that the Transaction Documents are, in their view, in compliance with the principles of 
Shariah, as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be no assurance that the Transaction

--- Page 33 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Documents or any issue and trading of any Certificates will be deemed to be Shariah-compliant by any 
other Shariah board or Shariah scholars. None of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate or the Dealers 
makes any representation as to the Shariah compliance of any Certificates and/or any trading thereof, the 
Transaction Documents or the above pronouncements and prospective investors are reminded that, as with 
any Shariah views, differences in opinion are possible and different Shariah standards may be applied by 
different Shariah boards. In addition, none of the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers will have any 
responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance with any Shariah principles of debt trading for the 
purposes of Condition 12.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)) nor 
shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
Prospective investors should not rely on the above pronouncements in deciding whether to make an 
investment in the Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shariah advice as to the compliance 
of the Transaction Documents and whether the Certificates will meet their individual standards of 
compliance and the issue and trading of the Certificates with Shariah principles, including the tradability 
of the Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the Shariah compliance of the Transaction 
Documents or the Shariah permissibility of the issue and the trading of the Certificates may limit the 
liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents would be, if in dispute, the subject of arbitration in London under the 
LCIA Arbitration Rules. The Obligor has also agreed under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England or the DIFC Courts, at the option 
of the Trustee or the Delegate. In such circumstances, the arbitrator or judge (as applicable) should apply 
the governing law of the relevant Transaction Document in determining the obligations of the parties. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Certificates may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Certificate in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Certificates such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
If a Certificateholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time, such Certificateholder may not receive a 
definitive Certificate in respect of such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified 
Denomination in order to be eligible to receive a definitive Certificate. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Each Series of Certificates will be represented on issue by one or more Global Certificates that will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Certificates in definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Certificates. While the 
Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. While Certificates 
are represented by a Global Certificate, the Trustee will discharge its payment obligation under such 
Certificates by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in 
a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to 
receive payments under the Certificates. The Trustee has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Certificate.

--- Page 34 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Certificates. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Other Risk Factors Relating to the Market Price and Marketability of the Certificates  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Obligor or the Certificates. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction structure, the market, 
the additional factors discussed above, or any other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency being included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication of an updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (i) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (ii) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to: (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Certificates and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
A secondary market may not develop for any Certificates 
There is no assurance that a market for the Certificates will develop or, if it does develop, that it will 
continue for the life of such Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer 
to buy its Certificates readily or at prices that will enable the Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. 
The market value of the Certificates may fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a severe 
adverse effect on the market value of the Certificates. Accordingly, the purchase of the Certificates is 
suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Certificates and 
the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the Certificates. 
The Certificates may be delisted following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, the Obligor (in its capacity as Servicing Agent) will be required to notify the 
Trustee and the Delegate of the same and the Trustee will be required to promptly notify the 
Certificateholders that: (i) a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, 
and evidence of, such occurrence; (ii) as determined in consultation with the EI Internal Shariah Supervision

--- Page 35 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Committee, the Certificates shall not be tradeable; (iii) on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility 
Event Redemption Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing; and (iv) the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which 
period any Certificateholder shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
The occurrence of such an event may have a significant adverse impact on the liquidity and market value 
of the Certificates. 
Certificates may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Trustee will pay Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts on the Certificates in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Certificates; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of 
the Dissolution Amounts payable on the Certificates; and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less profit or principal 
than expected, or no profit or principal.

--- Page 36 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI and the DFSA shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Group as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 (including comparative financial information for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020) available at: 
https://www.emiratesislamic.ae/eng/assets/files/finance/EI_Financial_Report_Q2_2021_En.pdf  
including: 
(a) 
Group condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position (page 2); 
(b) 
Group condensed consolidated interim income statement (page 3); 
(c) 
Group condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income (page 4); 
(d) 
Group condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows (page 5); 
(e) 
Group condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in equity (page 6); 
(f) 
notes to the Group condensed consolidated interim financial statements (pages 7-33); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' review report (page 1); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 available at: 
https://www.emiratesislamic.ae/eng/assets/files/finance/EI_Financial_Report_Q4_2020_En.pdf  
including: 
(a) 
Group consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(b) 
Group consolidated income statement (pages 8); 
(c) 
Group consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 9); 
(d) 
Group consolidated statement of cash flows (page 10); 
(e) 
Group consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 11); 
(f) 
notes to the Group consolidated financial statements (pages 12-97); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' report (pages 1-6); 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 available at: 
https://www.emiratesislamic.ae/eng/assets/files/finance/EI_Financial_Report_Q4_2019_En.pdf  
including: 
(a) 
Group consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(b) 
Group consolidated income statement (page 8); 
(c) 
Group consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 9); 
(d) 
Group consolidated statement of cash flows (page 10);

--- Page 37 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
(e) 
Group consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 11); 
(f) 
notes to the Group consolidated financial statements (pages 12-90); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' report (pages 1-6); and 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 42 to 81 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 29 July 2020 prepared by the Trustee and the Obligor in connection with the 
Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f5168165-72e2-4d86-ad45-9b63a3846f2f.pdf. 
Any information incorporated by reference in any of the documents listed in paragraph (i) to paragraph (iv) 
(inclusive) above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and is deemed to either be not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from Euronext 
Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/ and, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office 
of the Obligor and from the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Trustee and the 
Obligor and approved by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and by the 
DFSA in accordance with the Markets Rules. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained 
in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series of Certificates issued. Potential investors are referred to the terms and conditions of the Certificates 
and the summary of the relevant Transaction Documents set out elsewhere in this document for a fuller 
description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of the meaning of certain capitalised terms used 
below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the issue date of a Tranche (the "Issue Date"), the Certificateholders will pay the issue price in respect 
of the Certificates (the "Issue Price") to the Trustee, and the Trustee will apply this as follows: 
(i) 
an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms which will not be more than 49 per cent. of the 
aggregate issue proceeds of the relevant Certificates (the "Murabaha Investment Amount"), to 
purchase certain Shariah-compliant commodities (the "Commodities") through the Trustee's 
commodity agent. The Trustee will sell such Commodities to Emirates Islamic (in its capacity as 
buyer, the "Buyer") on a deferred payment basis for a sale price specified in an offer notice (the 
"Deferred Sale Price") pursuant to a murabaha contract (the "Murabaha Contract") and the 
Master Murabaha Agreement (such sale of Shariah-compliant commodities by the Trustee to the 
Buyer and all of the Trustee's rights and entitlements against the Buyer in connection therewith being 
the "Commodity Murabaha Investment"); and 
(ii) 
the remaining portion of the issue proceeds of the relevant Certificates which will not be less than 
51 per cent. of aggregate issue proceeds of the relevant Certificates (the "Purchase Price"), to 
purchase from Emirates Islamic (in its capacity as seller, the "Seller") all of its interests, rights, title, 
benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under a portfolio of specified profit 
generating assets (in the case of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, the "Initial 
Wakala Assets" or, in the case of each subsequent Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, 
the "Additional Assets") comprising one or more of the following: 
(a) 
real estate and/or non-real estate ijara assets, each of which is subject to an existing ijara 
contract whereby the lessee enjoys the use of the asset (provided that such real estate or 
non-real estate asset, as the case may be, is in existence on the date on which it forms part 
of the Wakala Portfolio) (the "Ijara Assets"); and/or 
(b) 
sukuk or trust certificates that have underlying tangible assets associated with them as 
determined by the EI Shariah Committee for Shariah purposes (the "Tangible Sukuk"),

--- Page 39 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
and, in each case, comprising Shariah-compliant assets owned, originated or held (other than in the 
capacity of a custodian for the benefit of a third party) by Emirates Islamic in accordance with the 
Shariah principles laid down by the EI Shariah Committee (each a "Wakala Asset" and together, 
the "Wakala Assets"). The Wakala Assets held at the relevant time by the Trustee in relation to 
each Series comprise the "Wakala Portfolio" which, together with any Commodity Murabaha 
Investments, comprise the "Sukuk Portfolio". 
In respect of a Tranche, the applicable Final Terms will set out the overall percentage of the aggregate issue 
proceeds of that Tranche that will be used on the Issue Date towards acquiring tangible assets (which shall 
be at least 51 per cent.) (the "Tangible Asset Percentage") and intangible assets (which shall not be more 
than 49 per cent.) (the "Intangible Asset Percentage"). The Murabaha Investment Amount in respect of a 
Tranche shall be an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall be equal to (a) the 
Intangible Asset Percentage multiplied by the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of that Tranche; 
less (b) to the extent that the Wakala Assets for such Tranche include any Tangible Sukuk and such Tangible 
Sukuk have any underlying intangible assets associated with them as determined by the EI Shariah 
Committee for Shariah purposes, the sum of the intangible parts of each such Tangible Sukuk, where the 
"intangible part" of a Tangible Sukuk is an amount equal to the outstanding face amount of such Tangible 
Sukuk multiplied by the difference of (i) 100 per cent. minus (ii) the Tangibility Requirement of such 
Tangible Sukuk. For the purposes of this paragraph, "Tangibility Requirement" means, for a Tangible 
Sukuk, the minimum tangibility requirement (expressed as a percentage) that is required to be satisfied on 
an ongoing basis as detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such Tangible Sukuk. 
Periodic distribution payments 
In accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, in relation to each Series, the Service Agent will 
maintain three book-entry ledger accounts (such book-entry ledger accounts being referred to as the 
"Principal Collection Account", the "Income Collection Account" and the "Reserve Account") in which 
all revenues from the Wakala Assets and the Commodity Murabaha Investment (the "Portfolio Revenues") 
will be recorded. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Wakala Assets, the Portfolio Revenues shall 
include all rental and other amounts payable by the relevant Asset Obligors under the terms of the relevant 
Asset Contracts, and all sale proceeds or consideration, actual damages, insurance proceeds, compensation 
or other sums received by the Service Agent or Emirates Islamic in whatever currency in respect of or 
otherwise in connection with the relevant Wakala Assets. For the purposes of this paragraph, "Asset 
Contract" means the contracts and/or other agreements and/or documents evidencing or otherwise related 
to or associated with a Wakala Asset and "Asset Obligor" means the entity obliged to make payments in 
respect of a Wakala Asset in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of the relevant Asset Contract. 
In relation to a Series, all revenues in respect of the relevant Wakala Assets which comprise amounts in the 
nature of sale, capital or principal payments (including, without limitation, any total loss and expropriation 
related insurance proceeds and any indemnity payments) and including any amounts payable by the Service 
Agent under certain provisions of the Service Agency Agreement and the commodity purchase price portion 
of the Deferred Sale Price shall comprise the "Principal Revenues" and shall be recorded by the Service 
Agent in the Principal Collection Account while any revenue other than Principal Revenues (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all payments of the murabaha profit component of the relevant Deferred Sale Price 
under the relevant Commodity Murabaha Investment) shall comprise the "Income Revenues" and shall be 
recorded by the Service Agent in the Income Collection Account. 
On each Distribution Determination Date, amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Income Collection 
Account, to the extent available, shall be applied by the Service Agent for payment into the relevant 
Transaction Account of an amount equal to the aggregate of the Periodic Distribution Amounts and any 
other amounts payable by the Trustee under the Certificates of the relevant Series on the immediately 
following Periodic Distribution Date (the "Required Amount") and such Required Amount will be applied 
by the Trustee for that purpose. 
If on the business day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date, after the payment to the Service Agent of any 
amounts advanced by it to the Trustee by way of a Liquidity Facility (as defined below) and the payment 
of any actual claims, actual losses, actual costs and expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service 
Agent or other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee in providing its services under 
the Service Agency Agreement (the "Service Agent Liabilities Amount"), the amounts standing to the 
credit of the Income Collection Account are greater than the relevant Required Amount, such excess returns 
shall be credited by the Service Agent to the Reserve Account.

--- Page 40 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
If on the business day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account are insufficient to fund the Required Amount, the Service Agent shall apply amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account towards such shortfall, by paying an amount equal to the same 
into the Transaction Account. 
If having applied such amounts from the Reserve Account, there remains a shortfall, the Service Agent may, 
at its discretion, provide either: 
(i) 
Shariah-compliant funding itself to the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
procure Shariah-compliant funding from a third party to be paid to the Trustee, 
in each case, in an amount equal to the shortfall remaining (if any) and on terms that such funding is to be 
settled: (a) from Income Revenues received in respect of a subsequent period in accordance with the Service 
Agency Agreement; or (b) on a Dissolution Date, from the relevant exercise price payable pursuant to the 
terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be, to 
ensure that the Trustee receives on each Distribution Determination Date the Required Amount payable by 
it in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series on the immediately following Periodic 
Distribution Date (such funding in relation to a Series, a "Liquidity Facility"). 
Dissolution payments 
On the business day prior to the relevant Maturity Date in relation to each Series:  
(i) 
the aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, shall become immediately 
due and payable;  
(ii) 
the Trustee will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require the Obligor to purchase 
all of its interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
Wakala Assets at the relevant Exercise Price; and  
(iii) 
without double counting, the amounts (if any) standing to the credit of the Principal Collection 
Account will be paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the Service Agency 
Agreement,  
and such amounts are intended to fund the relevant Final Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under 
the Certificates of the relevant Series on the Maturity Date. 
The Certificates in relation to any Series may be redeemed in whole or in part, as the case may be, prior to 
the relevant Maturity Date for the following reasons: (a) for taxation reasons; (b) if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Obligor; (c) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the 
option of the Certificateholders; (d) upon the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, at the option of the 
Certificateholders; (e) upon the exercise of the Clean Up (Call) Right; and (f) following a Dissolution Event. 
In the case of paragraphs (a), (b) and (e) above, on the business day prior to the relevant Dissolution Date: 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts (or the applicable portion thereof) of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, 
if any, shall become immediately due and payable;  
(b) 
the Obligor will have the right under the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking to require the 
Trustee to sell all (or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of its interests, rights, title, 
benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets at the relevant 
Exercise Price or Optional Call Exercise Price, as the case may be; and 
(c) 
without double counting, the amounts (if any) standing to the credit of the Principal Collection 
Account will be paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the Service Agency 
Agreement,

--- Page 41 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
and such amounts are intended to fund the relevant Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under the 
Certificates of the relevant Series on the Early Tax Dissolution Date, the Optional Dissolution Date or the 
Clean Up (Call) Dissolution Date, as the case may be. 
In the case of paragraph (c), paragraph (d) and paragraph (f) above, such redemption of the Certificates 
shall be funded in a similar manner as for the payment of the relevant Final Dissolution Amount on the 
Maturity Date. 
For Shariah reasons, the Optional Dissolution (Call) Right and the Optional Redemption (Investor Put) 
Right cannot both be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series.

--- Page 42 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme. This overview does not contain 
all of the information that an investor should consider before investing in Certificates and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. Each investor should 
read the entire Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms carefully, especially the risks of investing 
in the Certificates issued under the Programme discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Certificates" and "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" 
shall have the same meanings in the following description. 
Certain Transaction Documents are described in more detail in "Summary of the Principal Transaction 
Documents" below. 
Trustee: 
EI Sukuk Company Ltd., an exempted company 
incorporated in accordance with the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. 
 
Obligor: 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC. 
 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 
consisting of 50,000 shares of a nominal or par value of 
U.S.$1 each, of which 250 shares are fully paid up and 
issued. The Trustee's entire issued share capital is held by 
MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, 
Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman 
Islands under the terms of a trust for charitable purposes. 
 
Administration of the Trustee: 
MaplesFS Limited (the "Corporate Administrator") 
provides, among other things, certain administrative 
services for and on behalf of the Trustee pursuant to a 
corporate services agreement dated 13 October 2021 
between, inter alios, the Trustee and the Corporate 
Administrator (the "Corporate Services Agreement"). 
The Corporate Administrator also provides registered 
office services to the Trustee in accordance with its 
standard terms and conditions for the provision of 
registered office services (the "Registered Office 
Terms"). 
 
Arrangers: 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC and Standard Chartered 
Bank. 
 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Dubai Islamic Bank 
PJSC, Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC, Emirates NBD Bank 
PJSC, Standard Chartered Bank and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
 
Delegate: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc, Ireland. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Certificates denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting

--- Page 43 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). The proceeds of any issue of Certificates will not 
be accepted in the UK. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Trustee may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Issuance in Series: 
The Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different Issue 
Dates. The Certificates will all be subject to identical 
terms, except that the date of issuance and the amount 
payable on the first Periodic Distribution Date may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
any currency agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Maturities: 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Trustee or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may only be issued on a fully-paid basis and 
at an issue price which is at par. 
 
Form of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form as 
described in "Form of the Certificates". The Certificates 
of each Tranche of a Series will be represented on issue 
by ownership interests in a Global Certificate. 
 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the 
relevant Global Certificate through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Transfers within and between 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in 
accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearance systems. 
 
Status: 
Each Certificate evidences an undivided pro rata 
ownership interest in the Trust Assets of the relevant 
Series subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, the 
Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking and the 
Conditions and is a limited recourse obligation of the 
Trustee. Each Certificate ranks pari passu, without any 
preference or priority, with all other Certificates of the 
relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic 
Distribution Amounts, out of the amounts transferred to

--- Page 44 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the 
Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, calculated on the basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Certificates: 
The Certificates of each Series shall be redeemed at the 
applicable Dissolution Amount, as each such amount shall 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Denomination of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the 
relevant Dealer(s), save that the minimum denomination 
of each Certificate will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency (see "Certain 
Restrictions" above) and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Certificate admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
either in a Member State or in the UK in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under either the Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation") will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the 
Certificates may be redeemed on the Dissolution Date at 
the Final Dissolution Amount together with the accrued 
but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) and the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period may be adjusted 
accordingly. See Condition 15 (Dissolution Events). 
 
Optional Dissolution (Call) Right: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, all or part of 
a Series of Certificates may be redeemed prior to the 
Maturity Date in the circumstances set out in Condition 
12.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee). If, 
pursuant to such Condition, all of a Series of Certificates 
are redeemed, the Trust in respect of such Series of 
Certificates shall be dissolved. 
 
Optional Redemption (Investor 
Put) Right: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, all or part of 
a Series of Certificates may be redeemed prior to the 
Maturity Date in the circumstances set out in Condition 
12.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Put Right)). If, pursuant to such Condition, all of a Series 
of Certificates are redeemed, the Trust in respect of such 
Series of Certificates shall be dissolved. 
 
Optional Redemption (Tangibility 
Event) Right: 
Upon the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, the 
Certificateholders may redeem all or part of a Series of 
Certificates in the circumstances set out in Condition 12.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Tangibility Event)). If, pursuant to such Condition, all of 
a Series of Certificates are redeemed, the Trust in respect 
of such Series of Certificates shall be dissolved. 
 
Clean Up (Call) Right: 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of 
Certificates then outstanding have been redeemed and/or

--- Page 45 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 12 
(Capital Distributions of Trust) the Trustee shall, upon 
receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from the 
Obligor pursuant to the Trustee's Sale and Purchase 
Undertaking, on giving not less than the Minimum Notice 
Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period to the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), redeem the Certificates in whole, 
but not in part, at their Clean Up (Call) Amount on the 
Clean Up (Call) Dissolution Date subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 12.6 (Dissolution upon a 
Clean Up (Call) Right). 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons: 
Where: (i) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay 
any additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction or, by any 
authority in or of a Relevant Jurisdiction having a power 
to tax), which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date and such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or (ii) the Obligor has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to the terms of 
any of the Transaction Documents as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or, by any authority in or of a Relevant Jurisdiction having 
a power to tax), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Obligor taking reasonable 
measures available to it, the Trustee may, with the prior 
written consent of the Obligor, redeem the Certificates in 
whole but not in part at an amount equal to the relevant 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with the accrued 
but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) to the 
Early Tax Dissolution Date. 
 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of Certificates by the Trustee shall 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is made, the Trustee will, save in the limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts so that the holders of 
the Certificates will receive the full amounts that they 
would have received in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a negative pledge 
given by the Obligor. See Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) 
and "Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents". 
 
Covenants: 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as

--- Page 46 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
set out in Condition 7 (Covenants). 
Ratings: 
The Programme is expected to be rated A+ by Fitch. 
 
The ratings assigned to each Series of Certificates to be 
issued under the Programme will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless: (i) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established under the CRA 
Regulation; or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation. 
 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless: 
(a) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation; or (b) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
Certificates issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and for such Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on its Regulated Market. 
 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the 
Certificates issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the DFSA Official List and an application may be made 
to Nasdaq Dubai for any Series of Certificates to be 
admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. Certificates 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
 
Transaction Documents: 
The Transaction Documents in relation to each Series 
shall comprise the Master Trust Deed and each 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Master Purchase Agreement and each Supplemental

--- Page 47 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Purchase Agreement, the Service Agency Agreement, the 
Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking and any sale 
agreement and additional assets sale agreement entered 
into pursuant thereto, the Purchase Undertaking and any 
sale agreement and new asset sale agreement entered into 
pursuant thereto and the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(together with all documents, notices of request to 
purchase, offer notices, acceptances, notices and 
confirmations delivered or entered into as contemplated 
by the Master Murabaha Agreement in connection with 
the relevant Series). 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
The Certificates and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Certificates will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
 
Each Transaction Document (except any Dubai Law 
Document) and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such Transaction Document 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. In respect of any dispute, claim, 
difference or controversy arising out of or in connection 
with any such Transaction Document, the parties thereto 
have each consented to arbitration in accordance with the 
LCIA Arbitration Rules unless, inter alios, the Trustee, 
the Obligor (in respect of the Trustee's Sale and Purchase 
Undertaking only), the Delegate or the Agents, as the case 
may be, elects to have the dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy resolved by a court, in which case the English 
courts and DIFC courts will each have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle such dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy. 
 
The Dubai Law Documents will be governed by the laws 
of Dubai and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal 
laws of the UAE. In respect of any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with any such Dubai Law Document, the 
parties thereto have each consented to the courts of Dubai 
having non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle such dispute.  
 
For this purpose, the Master Purchase Agreement, each 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any sale agreement 
and additional assets sale agreement entered into pursuant 
to the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking and any 
sale agreement and new asset sale agreement entered into 
pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking comprise the 
"Dubai Law Documents". 
The Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered 
Office Terms are governed by the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. The courts of the Cayman Islands have 
jurisdiction to hear all disputes relating to the Corporate 
Services Agreement and the Registered Office Terms. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Certificates in the Cayman Islands, the DIFC, Hong Kong, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Malaysia, the PRC, the EEA, Singapore, the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), the UAE 
(excluding the DIFC), the UK, the United States and such

--- Page 48 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Series of Certificates 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 49 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. Certificates will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). 
Each Series of Certificates will initially be represented by a global trust certificate in registered form (a 
"Global Certificate"). Global Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the Common Depositary. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Certificates in fully registered 
form (the "Individual Certificates"). 
Payments of any amount in respect of the Global Certificates will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 2.2 (Register)) as the 
registered holder of the Global Certificates. None of the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made 
on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Individual Certificates will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 
1.1 (Definitions)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Individual 
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. For these 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 15 (Dissolution 
Events)) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Trustee has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraph (ii) above, the Trustee 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
For so long as any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such 
Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to any payment on such face amount of such 
Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by 
the Trustee and its agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder 
of Certificates" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system as may be approved by 
the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 50 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance/professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance/professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the United Kingdom (the "UK") Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Certificates (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – [Notice to be included if classification of 
the Certificates is not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and 
Excluded Investment Products, as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]] 
Final Terms dated [  ] 
EI SUKUK COMPANY LTD. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300IIDFP0RTSSG071] 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] 
under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base 
prospectus dated [  ] [and [  ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus"). [This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]1 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [29 July 2020], which are incorporated by reference 
into the base prospectus dated 19 October 2021]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Certificates described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [29 July 2020] [and the 
supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [  ] [and [  ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Trustee and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing: 
 
1 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 51 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(i) on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/; (ii) on the website of Nasdaq Dubai at 
http://www.nasdaqdubai.com; and (iii) during normal business hours at the registered office of the Trustee 
at P.O. Box 6564, Dubai, United Arab Emirates and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. 
1. 
Trustee: 
EI Sukuk Company Ltd. 
 
2. 
Obligor and Service Agent: 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
 
3. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
 
(c) 
Date on which the 
Certificates which are 
Additional Certificates 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Certificates which are Additional Certificates will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [insert date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4. 
Specified Currency: 
[  ] 
 
5. 
Aggregate Face Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series:  
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts from (and 
including) [  ] to (but excluding) [the Issue Date]] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Return Accumulation 
Commencement Date: 
[  ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[  ] 
 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount] 
 
 
[[  ] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Periodic Distribution Amount] 
 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Certificates will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution 
Basis: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Call/Put Rights: 
[Optional Dissolution (Call) Right] 
 
 
[Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
14. 
Status: 
Senior

--- Page 52 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
15. 
Date of Trustee's board approval 
and the Obligor's board approval 
for issuance of Certificates 
obtained: 
[  ] and [  ], respectively 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
16. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s): 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each Periodic 
Distribution Date] 
 
 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution 
Date(s): 
[  ] in each year [up to and including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Periodic 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[  ] in each year 
 
 
(g) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(h) 
[Periodic Distribution 
Date Adjustment:] 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Applicable to RMB 
Certificates only) 
 
 
 
(i) 
[Business Centre(s):] 
[[  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Applicable to RMB 
Certificates only) 
 
 
17. 
Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Periodic 
Distribution Dates: 
[  ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
(c) below] 
 
 
(b) 
Specified Period: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(d) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 53 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW]/[EIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[HIBOR]/ 
[LIBOR]/[PRIBOR]/[SAIBOR]/[SHIBOR]/[TRLIBOR] 
 
 
(ii) 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time 
[  ] 
 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[  ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
 
 
(g) 
Margin: 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent:  
[Principal Paying Agent]/[  ] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
 
18. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(a) 
Early Dissolution Amount 
(Tax) (following early 
dissolution for tax 
reasons): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Final Dissolution Amount] 
 
 
(b) 
Notice Period:  
Minimum Notice Period: [30] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [60] days 
 
19. 
Tangibility Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Final Dissolution Amount] 
 
20. 
Clean Up (Call) Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Final Dissolution Amount]] 
 
 
(a) 
Notice Period:  
Minimum Notice Period: [30] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [60] days 
 
21. 
Dissolution Amount pursuant to 
Condition 15 (Dissolution Events): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Final Dissolution Amount]

--- Page 54 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 
 
22. 
Optional Dissolution (Call) Right: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Call): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Optional Dissolution 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(c) 
Notice Period:  
Minimum Notice Period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [60] days 
 
23. 
Optional Redemption (Investor 
Put) Right: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum Notice Period: [15] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [30] days 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
 
24. 
Form of Certificates: 
Global Certificates exchangeable for Certificates in 
definitive registered form in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Global Certificate 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE SUKUK PORTFOLIO 
 
27. 
Details of Transaction Account: 
[EI Sukuk Company Ltd.] Transaction Account No: [  ] for 
Series No. [  ] 
 
28. 
Tangible Asset Percentage: 
[  ] 
 
29. 
Intangible Asset Percentage: 
[  ] 
 
30. 
Murabaha Investment Amount: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
31. 
Supplemental Trust Deed: 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated [  ] between the Trustee, 
the Obligor and the Delegate 
 
32. 
Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement: 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated [  ] between the 
Trustee and the Obligor 
 
33. 
[Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets: 
Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [  ] executed 
by the Trustee] 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of EI Sukuk Company Ltd. 
 
By: _____________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
 
By: 
_____________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised 
 
By: 
_____________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made by the 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] 
[and] [Nasdaq Dubai] and, listing on the [Official List of 
Euronext Dublin] [and the] [DFSA Official List] with 
effect from [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[  ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Certificates to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[are unrated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Certificates of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch: [  ]] 
 
 
[Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018. As 
such, Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the [United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority's]/[FCA's] Financial Services Register. The rating issued 
by Fitch is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and the Obligor 
are aware, no person involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Trustee and, the Obligor and each of their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business for which they may receive fees]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4. 
PROFIT OR RETURN (Fixed Rate Periodic Distribution Certificates only) 
 
[[  ] per cent. per annum or a [quarterly]/[semi-annual] basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer:  
See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Estimated amount of net 
proceeds: 
[  ] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
 
(c) 
Additional identification 
code: 
CFI Code: [[  ]/[As set out on the website of the 
Association of Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 57 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
 
FISN: [[  ]/[As set out on the website of the Association of 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[  ] 
 
 
(d) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, SA and the 
relevant identification 
number(s); 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
 
(f) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(g) 
Benchmark 
Administrator[s]: 
[[Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Trustee and the 
Obligor are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Trustee 
and the Obligor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[  ] 
 
 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[  ] 
 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(f) 
Selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Category 2]/[  ]

--- Page 58 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, which (save for the text in italics) 
will be endorsed on each Certificate in definitive registered form issued under the Programme and will 
apply to each Global Certificate. 
EI Sukuk Company Ltd. (in its capacity as issuer and as trustee, the "Trustee") has established a programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of trust certificates (the "Certificates" and each a "Certificate") in a 
maximum aggregate face amount of U.S.$2,500,000,000 as may be increased in accordance with the terms 
of the Master Trust Deed (as defined below). 
Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series"). The final terms for a 
Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the applicable Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on a Certificate which supplement and complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on each Certificate. 
Each of the Certificates will represent an undivided pro rata ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets 
(as defined below) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the "Trust") for the benefit of the registered 
holders of the Certificates pursuant to: (a) an amended and restated master trust deed dated 19 October 2021 
(the "Master Trust Deed") and made between the Trustee, Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC as obligor (the 
"Obligor") and Citibank N.A., London Branch as the Trustee's delegate (the "Delegate"); and (b) the 
supplemental trust deed(s) in respect of the relevant Series (each, a "Supplemental Trust Deed" and, 
together with the Master Trust Deed, the "Trust Deed") between the same parties and dated the relevant 
Issue Date. 
In these Conditions, references to "Certificates" shall be references to the Certificates which are the subject 
of the applicable Final Terms. In these Conditions and in any applicable Final Terms, "Tranche" means 
Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Certificates together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Certificates which are: 
(i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Price. 
The Certificates of each Series shall form a separate series and these Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis separately and independently to the Certificates of each Series and, in these Conditions, the 
expressions "Certificates", "Certificateholders" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Payments relating to the Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 19 October 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") made between the Trustee, the Obligor and Citibank 
Europe Plc, Ireland in its capacity as registrar (in such capacity, the "Registrar", which expression shall 
include any successor), Citibank N.A., London Branch in its capacities as principal paying agent (in such 
capacity, the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor), transfer agent (in 
such capacity, the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any successor) and calculation agent, 
and the paying agents appointed therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents"). 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar 
are together referred to as the "Agents". 
Copies of the documents set out below: (1) are available for inspection by holders and obtainable free of 
charge by appointment at the specified office for the time being of the Principal Paying Agent; or (2) will, 
at the option of the Principal Paying Agent, be available by email at a holder's request (subject to provision 
of proof of holding satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent and the Obligor), in each case, during normal 
business hours on any weekday (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays). 
The Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the documents set out below: 
(A) 
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between the Trustee and the Obligor dated 19 
October 2021 (the "Master Purchase Agreement"); 
(B) 
a supplemental purchase agreement (the "Supplemental Purchase Agreement" and, together with 
the Master Purchase Agreement, the "Purchase Agreement") between the same parties to the 
Master Purchase Agreement and dated the relevant Issue Date;

--- Page 59 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(C) 
an amended and restated service agency agreement between, inter alia, the Trustee and the Obligor 
as service agent (the "Service Agent") dated 19 October 2021 (the "Service Agency Agreement"); 
(D) 
an amended and restated purchase and sale undertaking entered into by the Trustee in favour of the 
Obligor dated 19 October 2021 (the "Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking"); 
(E) 
an amended and restated purchase undertaking entered into by the Obligor in favour of the Trustee 
and the Delegate dated 19 October 2021 (the "Purchase Undertaking"); 
(F) 
a master murabaha agreement dated 19 October 2021 between the Trustee and the Obligor 
(together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, offer notices, acceptances, notices and 
confirmations delivered or entered into as contemplated by the Master Murabaha Agreement in 
connection with the relevant Series) (the "Master Murabaha Agreement") and each relevant 
Murabaha Contract (as defined in the Master Murabaha Agreement); 
(G) 
the Trust Deed; 
(H) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(I) 
an amended and restated corporate services agreement between MaplesFS Limited (as provider of 
corporate services to the Trustee) and the Trustee dated 13 October 2021 (the "Corporate Services 
Agreement"); and 
(J) 
the applicable Final Terms, 
as each may be amended and restated and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed 
to authorise and direct the Trustee (acting as trustee on behalf of the Certificateholders) to: (x) apply the 
proceeds of the issue of the Certificates in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents (as 
defined below); and (y) enter into, and perform its obligations under and in connection with, each 
Transaction Document, subject to the terms and conditions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions. 
1. 
INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
Definitions 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between any such document and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"Additional Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking; 
"Additional Assets Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Trustee's Sale and Purchase 
Undertaking; 
"Additional Assets Sale Agreement" means the agreement substantially in the form as set out in 
Schedule 5 (Form of Additional Assets Sale Agreement) to the Trustee's Sale and Purchase 
Undertaking; 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Certificates" means, in respect of a Series, Certificates issued pursuant to Condition 
21 (Further Issuances); 
"Additional Financial Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Auditors" means a firm of independent auditors of good repute appointed by the Obligor;

--- Page 60 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent (including any successor) or such other 
Person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Periodic 
Distribution Amount and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in accordance with Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clean Up (Call) Right" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.6 (Dissolution upon a Clean 
Up (Call) Right); 
"Clean Up (Call) Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clean Up (Call) Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.6 (Dissolution 
upon a Clean Up (Call) Right); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"Clearing System" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any additional or 
alternative clearing system as may be approved by the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent, as 
applicable; 
"Commodities" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Commodity Murabaha Investment" means the sale of certain Commodities by the Trustee to 
the Obligor (in its capacity as the Buyer (as defined in the Master Murabaha Agreement)), in 
connection with a Tranche, which Commodities were initially purchased by the Trustee using the 
Murabaha Investment Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms of that Tranche pursuant to 
the Master Murabaha Agreement and having the terms set out in the relevant Murabaha Contract; 
"Deferred Sale Price" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement;  
"Delisting Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.5; 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate and, in relation to ISDA Determination, the date set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Dissolution Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Early Dissolution 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), Optional Redemption Amount, 
Tangibility Event Redemption Amount, Clean Up (Call) Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount to be paid on a Dissolution Date as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Dissolution Date" means, as the case may be: (i) the Maturity Date; (ii) the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date; (iii) the Early Tax Dissolution Date; (iv) an Optional Dissolution Date; (v) an 
Optional Redemption Date; (vi) a Tangibility Event Redemption Date; or (vii) a Clean Up (Call) 
Dissolution Date; 
"Dissolution Event Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Dissolution 
Events); 
"Distribution Period" means, in relation to a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche under that Series and ending on (but excluding) the relevant First 
Distribution Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Distribution Determination Date" means, in relation to a Series, the Business Day immediately 
preceding each Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Early Dissolution Amount (Tax)" means the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
"Early Tax Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.2 (Early Dissolution 
for Tax Reasons); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking or, as 
the case may be, the Purchase Undertaking; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to it in Schedule 4 to the Master Trust Deed; 
"Final Dissolution Amount" means the Final Dissolution Amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Distribution Date" means, in relation to each Series, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Service Agency Scope; 
"Fixed Amount" means the Fixed Amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intangible Asset Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which shall be no more than 49 per cent.; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Certificates of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.; 
"Issue Date" means the issue date of each Tranche of Certificates under a Series as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" means the issue price payable by Certificateholders of each Tranche of Certificates 
under a Series as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Margin" means the Margin as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of each Series, the date so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Notice Period" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Notice Period" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Murabaha Contract" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Murabaha Investment Amount" means, in relation to a Tranche, the relevant amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms which is to be applied in the acquisition of Commodities 
by or on behalf of the Trustee for the purposes of the entry into of a Murabaha Contract pursuant 
to the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, and which shall be equal to (a) the Intangible 
Asset Percentage multiplied by the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of that Tranche; less 
(b) the Sukuk Asset Intangible Proportion; 
"Murabaha Profit" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Murabaha Profit Instalment" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Optional Dissolution Amount (Call)" means the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Dissolution Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Put Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking;

--- Page 62 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the Optional Redemption Amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the Optional Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Dates, as the case may be, as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender of the Individual Certificate are 
open for presentation and payment of registered securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial 
centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday 
or public holiday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; 
"Periodic Distribution Amount" means, in relation to a Certificate and a Return Accumulation 
Period, the amount of profit distribution payable in respect of that Certificate for that Return 
Accumulation Period which amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an amount 
otherwise calculated in accordance with Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) or 
Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions); 
"Periodic Distribution Date Adjustment" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Periodic Distribution Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Portfolio Revenues" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) representing a defined share 
of the profits distributable by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rating Agencies" means the rating agencies, each of which has assigned a credit rating to the 
Certificates, and their successors, and each a "Rating Agency"; 
"Record Date" means: (a) in the case of the payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount: (i) in 
respect of a Global Certificate, at the close of business (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Date; and (ii) in respect of Certificates in definitive form, the date falling on the 
fifteenth day before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date; and (b) in the case of the payment of 
a Dissolution Amount, the date falling two Payment Business Days before the relevant Dissolution 
Date;

--- Page 63 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means the principal London office of each of four major banks engaged in the 
London, Eurozone or Emirates inter-bank market selected by or on behalf of the Trustee, provided 
that once a Reference Bank has first been selected by the Trustee or its duly appointed 
representative, such Reference Bank shall not be changed unless it ceases to be capable of acting 
as such; 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(b) 
Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR"); 
(c) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(d) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); 
(e) 
London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR"); 
(f) 
Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(g) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR"); 
(h) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR"); and 
(i) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR" or "TRYLIBOR"). 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of: (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due; and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Certificateholders by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means, in respect of the Trustee, the Cayman Islands and, in respect of 
the Obligor, the United Arab Emirates or, in either case, any political subdivision or authority 
thereof or therein having the power to tax; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or 
other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Required Amount" means, in relation to each Series and each relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date, an amount equal to the Periodic Distribution Amount payable on the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Date; 
"Return Accumulation Commencement Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Accumulation Period" means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Date (or the Return Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Service Agency Scope" means, in relation to a Series, the scope of services substantially in the 
form set out in Schedule 1 (Service Agency Scope) of the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Denomination" means the amount(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 64 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Certificates are denominated; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Periodic Distribution Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract, trust, the power 
to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; 
or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Sukuk Asset Intangible Proportion" means, in respect of any Tangible Sukuk on the Issue Date 
of a Tranche, to the extent that such Tangible Sukuk have any underlying intangible assets 
associated with them as determined by the EI Internal Shariah Supervision Committee for Shariah 
purposes, the sum of the intangible parts of each such Tangible Sukuk, where the "intangible part" 
of a Tangible Sukuk is an amount equal to the outstanding face amount of such Tangible Sukuk 
multiplied by the difference of (i) 100 per cent. minus (ii) the Tangibility Requirement of such 
Tangible Sukuk; 
"Sukuk Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Tangibility Event" means, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio falls below 33 per cent.; 
"Tangibility Event Notice" means a notice in or substantially in the form set out the relevant 
schedule to the Service Agency Agreement, indicating that a Tangibility Event has occurred; 
"Tangibility Event Put Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)); 
"Tangibility Event Put Right Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date that 
a Delisting Notice is given;  
"Tangibility Event Redemption Amount" means the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Tangibility Event Redemption Date" shall be: (a) a date falling not less than 75 days following 
the expiry of the Tangibility Event Put Right Period; and (b) (if the Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) a Periodic Distribution 
Date; 
"Tangibility Ratio" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Tangibility Requirement" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Tangible Asset Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which shall be at least 51 per cent.; 
"Tangible Sukuk" has the meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons);

--- Page 65 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Taxes" means any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, and all liabilities 
with respect thereto; 
"Transaction Account" means the account in the Trustee's name, details of which are specified in 
the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s) and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Transaction Documents" means the Master Trust Deed and each Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
applicable Final Terms, the Agency Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Service Agency 
Agreement, the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking and any sale agreement and additional 
assets sale agreement entered into pursuant thereto, the Purchase Undertaking and any sale 
agreement and new asset sale agreement entered into pursuant thereto and the Master Murabaha 
Agreement (together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, offer notices, acceptances, 
notices and confirmations delivered or entered into as contemplated by the Master Murabaha 
Agreement in connection with the relevant Series); 
"Trust Assets" means the assets, rights, cash or investments described in Condition 6.1 (Trust 
Assets); 
"Value" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Wakala Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement; and 
"Wakala Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include the Dissolution Amount, any 
additional amounts (other than relating to Periodic Distribution Amounts) which may be 
payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), and any other amount in the nature of face 
amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of a profit distribution payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Certificates being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Master Trust Deed; 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date; and 
(e) 
references to "RMB Certificates" are to Certificates denominated in Renminbi. 
References herein to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC") that is deliverable offshore. For the purposes of 
these Conditions, references to the PRC exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC 
("Macau") and Taiwan. 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations, and in the case of 
Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 66 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face 
amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Trustee, 
the Obligor and the Agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all purposes 
other than with respect to payment in respect of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered 
holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Obligor and any Agent 
as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder" in relation 
to any Certificates and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system applicable to the 
Certificates. 
2.2 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") of Certificateholders in respect of the 
Certificates in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate of 
registration (each an "Individual Certificate") will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect 
of its entire registered holding of Certificates and will be serially numbered with an identifying 
number which will be recorded also on the Register.  
2.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Obligor and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) 
deem and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Certificate is for the time being registered 
(as set out in the Register) as the holder of such Certificate or of a particular face amount of the 
Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, 
and any notice of loss or theft or any writing thereon), and the Trustee, the Obligor and the Agents 
shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, 
effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable in respect of such Certificate or 
face amount. 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES AND ISSUE OF CERTIFICATES 
3.1 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 3.4 (Closed periods), Condition 3.5 (Regulations) and the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, a Certificate may be transferred in whole or in an amount equal to the 
Specified Denomination or any integral multiple thereof by depositing the Individual Certificate 
issued in respect of that Certificate, with the form of transfer on the back duly completed and 
signed, at the specified office of the Registrar together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to provide the title of the transferor 
and the individuals who have executed the forms of transfer. 
Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant clearing system through which the 
interest is held. 
3.2 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued upon transfer of Certificates will, within five business 
days of receipt by the Registrar of the duly completed form of transfer endorsed on the relevant

--- Page 67 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
Individual Certificate, be mailed by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder entitled to the 
Certificate to the address specified in the form of transfer. For the purposes of this Condition, 
"business day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Registrar is located. 
Where some but not all of the Certificates in respect of which an Individual Certificate is issued 
are to be transferred, a new Individual Certificate in respect of the Certificates not so transferred 
will, within five business days of receipt by the Registrar of the original Individual Certificate, be 
mailed by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder of the Certificates not so transferred to the address 
of such holder appearing on the Register or as specified in the form of transfer. 
3.3 
Formalities Free of Charge 
The registration of any transfer of Certificates will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Trustee and the Registrar except that the Trustee and the Registrar may require the payment (or 
the giving of such indemnity as the Trustee and the Registrar may reasonably require) of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation to such transfer. 
3.4 
Closed Periods 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on (and including) a Periodic Distribution Date, a Dissolution Date or any other 
date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in respect of a Certificate 
falls due. 
3.5 
Regulations 
All transfers of Certificates and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Certificates scheduled to the Master Trust Deed. A copy of 
the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Certificateholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
Certificates are transferable (in whole or in part) and the Individual Certificate in respect of the 
Certificates to be transferred must be delivered for registration to the specified office of the 
Registrar with the form of transfer, which may be obtained from the Registrar, endorsed and 
accompanied by such other evidence as the Trustee may require to prove the title of the transferor 
or his right to transfer the Certificates. The holder of Certificates shall be entitled to receive in 
accordance with Condition 3.2 (Delivery of new Individual Certificates) only one Individual 
Certificate in respect of his entire holding of Certificates. In the case of a transfer of a portion of 
the face amount of an Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Certificates not transferred will be issued to the transferor in accordance with Condition 3.2 
(Delivery of new Individual Certificates). 
4. 
STATUS AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
4.1 
Status 
Each Certificate will represent an undivided pro rata ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets 
(pursuant to the Trust Deed and these Conditions) and will be a limited recourse obligation of the 
Trustee. Each Certificate ranks pari passu, without any preference or priority, with all other 
Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
4.2 
Obligor 
The payment obligations of the Obligor under the Transaction Documents are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Obligor (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) and rank at least pari passu with the claims of the Obligor's other unsecured 
and unsubordinated creditors, save whose claim may be preferred solely by any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

--- Page 68 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
4.3 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the Certificates of 
each Series. Save as provided in this Condition 4 (Status and Limited Recourse), the Certificates 
do not represent an interest in or obligation of any of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate any of 
the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. Accordingly, other than the Trust Assets, 
Certificateholders will have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee (including, in particular other 
assets comprised in other trusts, if any), the Obligor (to the extent it fulfils all of its obligations 
under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party), the Delegate or Agents or any of 
their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts from the Trust Assets 
to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee 
shall be extinguished. 
The Obligor is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party directly to the Trustee (for and on behalf of the Certificateholders), and the Delegate will, 
as delegate of the Trustee for the Certificateholders, have direct recourse against the Obligor to 
recover such payments. 
The net proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the relevant Trust Assets 
may not be sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Certificates. If, following 
distribution of such proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Certificates, 
subject to Condition 16 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights), no Certificateholder will have any 
claim against the Trustee, the Agents, the Delegate, the Obligor (to the extent it fulfils all of its 
obligations under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party) or any of their 
affiliates or against any of their respective assets (other than the relevant Trust Assets) in respect 
of such shortfall and any unsatisfied claims of the Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In 
particular, no Certificateholder will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting 
proceedings for, the reorganisation, liquidation, winding up or receivership of the Trustee, the 
Agents, the Delegate, the Obligor (to the extent it fulfils all of its obligations under the relevant 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party) or any of their affiliates as a consequence of such 
shortfall or otherwise. 
4.4 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
By purchasing or acquiring the Certificates, each Certificateholder agrees that notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in these Conditions or in any Transaction Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by or on behalf of the Trustee or any 
of its respective agents on its behalf except to the extent funds are available therefor from 
the relevant Trust Assets and further acknowledges and agrees that no recourse shall be 
had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or under any Transaction Document, 
whether for the payment of any fee or other amount hereunder or any other obligation or 
claim arising out of or based upon any Transaction Document, against the Trustee to the 
extent the relevant Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all obligations of 
the Trustee shall be extinguished; 
(b) 
it will not institute against, or join with any other person in instituting against the Trustee 
any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other 
proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law; and 
(c) 
no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceedings or assessment 
or otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of the 
Trustee arising under or in connection with these Conditions and any Transaction 
Document to which it is a party by virtue of any customary law, statute or otherwise shall 
be had against any shareholder, officer, employee, agent, director or corporate services 
provider of the Trustee in their capacity as such and any and all personal liability of every 
such shareholder, officer, employee, agent, director or corporate services provider in their 
capacity as such for any breaches by the Trustee of any such duty, obligation or 
undertaking is hereby expressly waived and excluded to the extent permitted by law.

--- Page 69 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
Pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the Obligor has undertaken that, so long as any Certificate 
remains outstanding, the Obligor shall not, and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will create, 
or have outstanding, any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without: (a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in whatever capacity); or (b) providing such other 
security for those obligations as either: (i) the Delegate (on behalf of the Trustee) shall in its 
absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interest of Certificateholders; or (ii) 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of holders of the Certificates. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any 
money borrowed (including Shariah-compliant facilities) or raised including (without limitation) 
any liability arising under or in connection with any sukuk or other securities or any moneys raised 
under any transaction having the commercial effect of borrowing or raising money; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred in connection 
with any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any 
project, provided that: (a) any Security Interest given by the Obligor is limited solely to assets of 
the project; (b) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the 
project financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment 
for the monies advanced; and (c) there is no other recourse to the Obligor in respect of any default 
by any person under the financing; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness which is in 
the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, sukuk certificates 
or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, 
listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
"Permitted Indebtedness" means Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness and 
Securitisation Indebtedness; 
"Securitisation Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any 
securitisation of existing or future asset and/or revenues, provided that: (a) any Security Interest 
given by the Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets 
and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (b) each party participating in such 
securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised; and 
(c) there is no other recourse to the Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any default by 
any person under the securitisation; and 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any party. 
6. 
THE TRUST 
6.1 
Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets for each Series upon trust absolutely 
for and on behalf of the Certificateholders of such Series pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each holder in respect of that Series. The term "Trust Assets" in respect of 
each Series means the following: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, pending the application thereof in 
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
Sukuk Portfolio from time to time (excluding any representations given by the Obligor to 
the Trustee and/or the Delegate under any document constituting the Wakala Portfolio

--- Page 70 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
from time to time); 
(c) 
the interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
Transaction Documents (excluding any representations given by the Obligor to the Trustee 
and/or the Delegate pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents and the covenant given 
to the Trustee pursuant to clause 15 of the Master Trust Deed); 
(d) 
all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
6.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets for and on behalf of the holders of 
the Certificates. On each Periodic Distribution Date, any Dissolution Date or on any earlier date 
specified for the dissolution of the Trust for each Series, the Principal Paying Agent, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary from the Trustee, will apply the monies standing 
to the credit of the Transaction Account in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to the extent not previously paid, to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to 
it under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate; 
(b) 
second, to the extent not previously paid, to pay pari passu and rateably: (a) the Trustee 
in respect of all amounts properly incurred and documented owing to it under the 
Transaction Documents in its capacity as the issuer and the trustee (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any amounts owing to it under the Transaction Documents which 
represent Dissolution Amounts, Periodic Distribution Amounts or any other amounts 
payable to Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates) and under the Corporate 
Services Agreement; and (b) the Agents in respect of all amounts owing to them under the 
Transaction Documents in their capacity as Agents; 
(c) 
third, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and 
rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due but unpaid; 
(d) 
fourth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date on which Certificates of a 
Series are to be redeemed in part, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or 
towards payment pari passu and rateably of the relevant Dissolution Amount in 
redemption of the relevant Certificates to be redeemed; 
(e) 
fifth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date on which Certificates of a Series 
are to be redeemed in whole, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards 
payment pari passu and rateably of the relevant Dissolution Amount; and 
(f) 
sixth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date on which Certificates of a Series 
are to be redeemed in whole, the excess, if any, to the Obligor in its capacity as Service 
Agent as an incentive payment under the Service Agency Agreement. 
7. 
COVENANTS 
The Trustee has covenanted in the Master Trust Deed that, inter alia, for so long as any Certificate 
is outstanding, it shall not (without the prior written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever, or give any guarantee 
in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options 
in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) other than 
the Certificates issued under the Programme; 
(b) 
grant or permit to be outstanding any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon 
any of its present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than those arising by 
operation of law); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge,

--- Page 71 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or 
otherwise), preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of 
any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), 
any part of: (i) its title to the Trust Assets or any interest therein except pursuant to any 
Transaction Document; or (ii) its interests in any of the other Trust Assets except pursuant 
to any Transaction Document; 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or 
its memorandum and articles of association, in  a manner which is materially prejudicial 
to the rights of holders of outstanding Certificates (it being accepted that an increase in 
the aggregate face amount of the Programme will not be materially prejudicial to such 
rights) without: (i) the prior approval of the Certificateholders by way of Extraordinary 
Resolution; and (ii) first notifying the Rating Agencies of the proposed amendments and 
subsequently providing the Rating Agencies with copies of the relevant executed amended 
Transaction Documents; 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust other than the Trust corresponding to a Series of 
Certificates issued from time to time pursuant to the Programme; 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(h) 
redeem any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(i) 
put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for or appoint any liquidator for its 
winding up or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding with respect to it; or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement 
thereto or as expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or 
activity other than: 
(i) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
8. 
FIXED PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Certificates only if the "Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions" are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
A Periodic Distribution Amount will be payable in respect of the relevant Certificates out of 
amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and be distributable by the Trustee to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. 
8.3 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in 
respect of each Certificate for any Return Accumulation Period shall be the Fixed Amount and, if 
the Certificates are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the Fixed Amount in respect

--- Page 72 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts on any 
Periodic Distribution Date may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount. 
In the case of a Certificate where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a "Business Day Convention" to be applicable (an "Adjusted Renminbi Fixed 
Periodic Distribution Certificate"), each Periodic Distribution Date (and, accordingly, the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period) will be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the relevant 
Business Day Convention. For this purpose, the provisions relating to the application of a Business 
Day Convention set out in Condition 9.2 (Periodic Distribution Amount) shall apply to this 
Condition 8, mutatis mutandis, save that, for the purposes of the Conditions relating to an Adjusted 
Renminbi Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificate, the term "Business Day" shall mean a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in Hong Kong. 
Except in the case of Certificates in definitive form where a Periodic Distribution Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Periodic Distribution Amount 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions, unless specified otherwise: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with this Condition 8.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in the case of Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, in the case of 
RMB Certificates if Periodic Distribution Date Adjustment is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant payment date or the next 
Periodic Distribution Date, as the case may be) (or, if none, the Return 
Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of: (A) the number of days in such Determination 
Period; and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(2) 
in the case of Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days

--- Page 73 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return 
Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Periodic Distribution Determination Date 
(including, where either the Return Accumulation Commencement Date or the final Periodic 
Distribution Date is not a Periodic Distribution Determination Date, the period commencing on the 
first Periodic Distribution Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date 
falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
8.4 
Payment in Arrear 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Cessation of Profit Entitlement), Condition 12.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons), Condition 12.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee), Condition 12.4 
(Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Put Right)), Condition 12.5 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)) and Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) 
below, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Periodic Distribution 
Amount will be paid in respect of the relevant Certificates in arrear on each Periodic Distribution 
Date. 
8.5 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the relevant Dissolution 
Date, unless default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount as a result of the failure of 
the Obligor to pay the relevant Exercise Price and enter into a sale agreement in accordance with the 
terms of the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may 
be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the 
Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition 8 to the earlier of: (a) the Relevant Date; or 
(b) the date on which a sale agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Trustee's Sale 
and Purchase Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be, relating to the redemption 
in full of the relevant Certificates. 
9. 
FLOATING PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
9.1 
Application 
This Condition 9 is applicable to the Certificates only if the "Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions" are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
9.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
(a) 
A Periodic Distribution Amount representing a defined share of the profit in respect of the 
Portfolio for the Certificates will be payable in respect of the Certificates out of amounts 
transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and be distributable by the Trustee to 
the Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. Periodic Distribution Amounts 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Periodic

--- Page 74 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Distribution Date, a "Periodic Distribution Date") which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, in the case of the first 
Periodic Distribution Date, after the Return Accumulation Commencement Date. 
Such Periodic Distribution Amounts will be payable in respect of each Return 
Accumulation Period. 
(b) 
If a "Business Day Convention" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (i) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Periodic 
Distribution Date should occur; or (ii) if any Periodic Distribution Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
9.2(a)(ii), the "Floating Rate Convention", such Periodic Distribution Date: 
(A) in the case of (i) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of paragraph (2) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis; or (B) in the case of (ii) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event: (x) such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and (y) each subsequent 
Periodic Distribution Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Periodic Distribution 
Date occurred; 
(2) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such Periodic Distribution Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
(3) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such Periodic 
Distribution Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such Periodic Distribution Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, unless specified otherwise, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
(i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively); (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are 
generally open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
9.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate is to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return Accumulation 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 75 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is a composite quotation or 
customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of paragraph (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of paragraph (b) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(i) 
the Obligor will request each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date to prime banks in the London, Eurozone or Emirates 
interbank market, as the case may be, in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time to the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Obligor and notified to the Calculation 
Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Return Accumulation Period for loans 
in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined, provided that, if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Return Accumulation Period and provided further that such failure is 
not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate applicable to the Certificates during such 
Return Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return 
Accumulation Period. 
9.4 
ISDA Determination 
If "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate is to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return Accumulation 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Return Accumulation Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either: (i) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on: (1) LIBOR; or (2) EURIBOR for a currency, the first 
day of that Return Accumulation Period; or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
The definition of Fallback Observation Day in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
"Fallback Observation Day" means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any 
Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless 
otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
For the purposes of the above, "Calculation Period" and "Compounding Period" have the 
meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
9.5 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the relevant Dissolution 
Date, unless default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount as a result of the failure of 
the Obligor to pay the relevant Exercise Price and enter into a sale agreement in accordance with the 
terms of the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may 
be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the 
Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition 9 to the earlier of: (a) the Relevant Date; or 
(b) the date on which a sale agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Trustee's Sale 
and Purchase Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be, relating to the redemption 
in full of the relevant Certificates. 
9.6 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be 
determined in relation to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic Distribution 
Amount payable in respect of each Certificate for such Return Accumulation Period. The Periodic 
Distribution Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with this Condition 9: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Return Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (1) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366; and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 77 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360" "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless: (1) the 
last day of the Return Accumulation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Return Accumulation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month; or (2) the last day of the Return Accumulation Period is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Return Accumulation Period unless, in the case 
of the final Return Accumulation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month). 
9.7 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 9, if the Trustee or the Obligor determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates for any Return Accumulation Period remains 
to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Trustee and the Obligor shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, 
if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Periodic Distribution Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Return Accumulation Period (the "Periodic Distribution Determination Cut-off Date") 
for the purposes of determining the Rate applicable to the Certificates for all future Return 
Accumulation Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 9.7); 
(b) 
if: (i) the Trustee and/or the Obligor are unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread, prior to the Periodic Distribution Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with 
paragraph (a) above, then the Obligor (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Obligor determines that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) an 
Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate applicable to the Certificates 
for all future Return Accumulation Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 9.7), 
provided that, if this paragraph (b) applies and the Obligor has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread prior to the Periodic Distribution Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Return Accumulation Period in accordance with this paragraph (b), the 
Rate applicable to such Return Accumulation Period shall be equal to the Rate last 
determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of the immediately preceding Return 
Accumulation Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period from that which applied to the last preceding Return 
Accumulation Period for which the Rate was determined, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Return Accumulation Period).  
For the avoidance of doubt, if this paragraph (b) applies and the Obligor has failed to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the Periodic Distribution Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Return Accumulation Period in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), this paragraph (b) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Return

--- Page 78 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Accumulation Period only and any subsequent Return Accumulation Periods are subject 
to the operation of this Condition 9.7 in its entirety; 
(c) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Return Accumulation Periods (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 9.7 in its entirety including in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate); 
(d) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
(e) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Obligor (as the case may be) determines a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Trustee and the Obligor) or the Obligor (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may also specify changes to these Conditions, including to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date, Periodic Distribution Dates and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Certificates (and in each case, 
related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Certificates, in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"), and the Trustee and the 
Obligor shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 9.7(g), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Certificateholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice and such Benchmark Amendments shall 
apply to the Certificates for all future Return Accumulation Periods (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 9.7 in its entirety) provided that no such Benchmark 
Amendments shall impose more onerous obligations on the Agents or the Delegate or 
expose any of them to any additional duties or liabilities, or decrease its rights and 
protections, unless the relevant Agent or the Delegate consents; 
(f) 
any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 9.7 shall act in good faith 
and subject as aforesaid (in the absence of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Trustee, the Obligor, the Principal Paying Agent 
or Certificateholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Trustee and/or the Obligor in connection with any determination made by the Obligor 
pursuant to this Condition 9.7. No Certificateholder consent shall be required in 
connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes pursuant to paragraph (e) above, 
including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Trustee, 
the Obligor, the Delegate or the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate and Periodic 
Distribution Amounts) (if required);  
(g) 
the Trustee and the Obligor shall, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, give notice of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, the determination of the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread and of any Benchmark Amendments pursuant to paragraph (e) above 
to the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate and Periodic Distribution Amounts) and 
the Delegate at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date (and the Principal Paying Agent and the Delegate shall be entitled to 
rely upon such notice without further investigation). The Trustee and the Obligor shall 
give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) promptly 
thereafter; and 
(h) 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9.7 if in the Principal Paying Agent's 
opinion (or the opinion of such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the

--- Page 79 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
party responsible for calculating the Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount) there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation pursuant to this Condition 9.7, the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate and Periodic Distribution Amounts) shall promptly notify the Obligor 
thereof and the Obligor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
shall direct such party in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate and Periodic Distribution Amounts) is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Obligor thereof and (other than due to its 
own wilful default, gross negligence or bad faith) such party shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so.  
Neither the Delegate nor any Agent is responsible for making any determination that any 
Benchmark Event has occurred or is likely to occur and is not obliged to monitor whether any such 
event has occurred or is likely to occur. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.7: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero); or (ii) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Obligor) or the Obligor (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; 
(3) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Obligor) or the Obligor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(4) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Obligor) or the Obligor (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines that no 
such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Obligor) or the Obligor in its discretion (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable), determines to be appropriate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Certificateholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Obligor) or the Obligor (as applicable) determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining floating Rates (or the relevant component 
thereof) in respect of Certificates denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Return Accumulation Period or, if the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Obligor) or the Obligor determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with

--- Page 80 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
the Obligor) or the Obligor (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date") be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Certificates; 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor: (1) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or (2) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has 
materially changed; 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Obligor to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Certificateholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable).  
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the relevant Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in 
April 2009; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Obligor at its own expense under Condition 9.7; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of: 
(1) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(2) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(3) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities;

--- Page 81 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(4) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof; or 
(5) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body as a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate. 
9.8 
Linear Interpolation 
If "Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in respect of a Return Accumulation Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and the other of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period, provided that, if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying 
Agent shall calculate such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Obligor, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Trustee and the Obligor, and such 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to 
be appropriate. 
9.9 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such 
amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.10 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Certificates have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate, Periodic Distribution Amount and Periodic 
Distribution Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Return Accumulation 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Certificateholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Periodic Distribution Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period. 
9.11 
Notifications, etc. to be Final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 9, whether 
by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, the Principal 
Paying Agent and all Certificateholders and (in the absence as referred to above) no liability to the 
Trustee, the Delegate, the Obligor the Principal Paying Agent or the Certificateholders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition.

--- Page 82 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
10. 
PAYMENT 
10.1 
Payments in respect of Certificates 
Subject to Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) and Condition 9 (Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions), payment of the relevant Dissolution Amounts and each Periodic 
Distribution Amount will be made by the relevant Paying Agent in the Specified Currency, by wire 
transfer in same day funds to the registered account of each Certificateholder. Payments of the 
relevant Dissolution Amount will only be made against surrender of the relevant Individual 
Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. Payments of the 
relevant Dissolution Amount and each Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of the relevant 
Global Certificate will be paid to the holder shown on the Register at the close of business on the 
relevant Record Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.1, a Certificateholder's "registered account" means the 
account denominated in the Specified Currency maintained by or on behalf of such 
Certificateholder with a bank that processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of which 
appear on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. 
10.2 
Payments Subject to Applicable Laws 
All payments will be made subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions described in Condition 
13 (Taxation); and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Certificateholders in respect of such payments. 
10.3 
Payment Day 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to a registered account, payment instructions (for value 
the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for value the first following day which is a 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated or, in the case of a payment of the relevant Dissolution 
Amount, if later, on the Payment Business Day on which the relevant Individual Certificate is 
surrendered at the specified office of the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificateholders will not be entitled to 
any additional Periodic Distribution Amount, Dissolution Amount or any other payment for any 
delay after the due date in receiving the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, 
if the Certificateholder is late in surrendering its Individual Certificate (if required to do so). 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when 
due, the Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount of such Dissolution 
Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount actually paid. 
10.4 
RMB Account 
All payments in respect of any Certificate denominated in RMB will be made solely by credit to a 
registered RMB account maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong 
Kong). 
10.5 
RMB Currency Event 
(a) 
If the Specified Currency of the Certificates is RMB and an RMB Currency Event, as 
determined by the Obligor or the Trustee acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment 
of any Periodic Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount (in whole or in part) in 
respect of any Certificates, the Obligor's obligation under the relevant Transaction 
Document, and the Trustee's corresponding obligation under the terms of the Certificates,

--- Page 83 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
to make a payment in RMB may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount (in 
whole or in part) in the Relevant Currency and converted using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to the Trustee and Paying Agents. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, the Trustee shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
(c) 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar 
denominated account maintained by the payee with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated 
cheque drawn on, a bank in New York City; and "Payment Day" shall mean any day 
which (subject to Condition 14 (Prescription)) is a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (i) in the case of Certificates 
in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (ii) London and New York 
City. 
For the purpose of this Condition 10: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong, London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Certificates, other than where the Obligor or Trustee 
properly determines that a RMB Currency Event has occurred at any time during the period from 
and including 10:01 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the second Determination Business Day preceding 
the original due date to and including 11:59 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the original due date, in 
which case the "Determination Date" will be the Determination Business Day immediately 
following the date on which the determination of the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event has 
been made; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Relevant Currency" means United States dollars; 
"RMB" or "Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China; 
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a 
result of which the Obligor cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay 
the relevant amount under the relevant Transaction Document to fund the Periodic Distribution 
Amount or Dissolution Amount (in whole or in part) in respect of any Certificates, as determined 
by the Obligor acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the 
RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Obligor or Trustee to convert any amount due in respect of the Certificates into RMB on any 
payment date in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Obligor or the Trustee (as applicable) to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is 
impossible for the Trustee, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation);

--- Page 84 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Obligor or the Trustee (as applicable) to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from 
an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Obligor or the Trustee (as applicable) to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Series and it is impossible for the 
Obligor or the Trustee (as applicable), due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days 
reported by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 10 by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Obligor, the Trustee, the Agents and all relevant Certificateholders. 
11. 
AGENTS 
11.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders. 
11.2 
Specified Offices 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will 
be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Trustee reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar; 
(c) 
so long as any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if any) as may be 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent having its specified office in Europe; and 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any variation, termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be 
given to the Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 85 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
12. 
CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF TRUST 
12.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Trustee will 
redeem the Certificates on the Maturity Date at the relevant Final Dissolution Amount together 
with any Periodic Distribution Amounts payable thereunder. Upon payment in full of such amounts 
and the termination of the Trust, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further 
obligations in respect thereof. 
12.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Trust may be dissolved at the option of the Trustee (with the prior written consent of the 
Obligor) and in such case the Certificates will be redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
(such redemption date being the "Early Tax Dissolution Date"), on giving not less than the 
Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period notice to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax), together with Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to the 
Early Tax Dissolution Date, if: 
(i) 
the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or, by any authority in or of a Relevant Jurisdiction having a power to tax), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to it; 
(ii) 
the Obligor has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to the terms 
of any of the Transaction Documents as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or, by any authority in or of a Relevant Jurisdiction having a power to tax), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Obligor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(together, a "Tax Event"), provided that no such notice of dissolution shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Trust may be dissolved at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which: 
(A) the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Certificates were then due; or (B) the Obligor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment under the Transaction Documents were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Trust may be dissolved only on a Periodic Distribution Date, 60 days prior to 
the Periodic Distribution Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which: 
(A) the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Certificates were then due; or (B) the Obligor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment under the Transaction Documents were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of dissolution pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee or the 
Obligor (as the case may be) shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent: (x) a certificate signed by 
a director acting on behalf of the Trustee or an authorised signatory of the Obligor (as the case may 
be), which shall be binding on the Certificateholders, stating that the Trustee is entitled to effect 
such dissolution and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent in

--- Page 86 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
paragraph (i) or paragraph (ii) above (as applicable) to the right of the Trustee so to dissolve have 
occurred; and (y) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Trustee or the Obligor (as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 12.2, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust in accordance with this 
Condition 12.2 and the Trustee shall be bound to redeem the Certificates. Upon such dissolution 
and redemption, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further 
amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in 
respect thereof. 
12.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee 
If the "Optional Dissolution (Call) Right" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Obligor may in its sole discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed Exercise 
Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking and, on 
receipt of such notice, the Trustee shall, on giving not less than the Minimum Notice Period nor 
more than the Maximum Notice Period irrevocable notice to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) redeem all or, if so specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, some 
only of the Certificates on the Optional Dissolution Date (which will also be specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice) at the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), together with Periodic 
Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to the Optional Dissolution Date. 
The Optional Dissolution (Call) Right and the Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right shall not 
both be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series of 
Certificates. 
12.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Put Right) 
If the "Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, upon the holder of any Certificate giving to the Trustee not less than the 
Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period notice the Trustee will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, subject to, and in accordance with this Condition 12.4, redeem such 
Certificate on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount. The 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be paid on the relevant Optional Redemption Date together 
with the Periodic Distribution Amounts on such Certificate accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any 
Optional Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 12.4, upon payment in full of such 
amounts to all Certificateholders and execution of a sale agreement pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
To exercise its Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right to require the redemption of the 
Certificates under this Condition 12.4, a Certificateholder must, where a Certificate is an Individual 
Certificate, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (an 
"Individual Certificate Put Notice") and in which the Certificateholder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 12.4 and the face amount of the 
Certificate to be redeemed and, if less than the full face amount of the Certificate is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of such Certificate is to 
be sent subject to and in accordance with the Conditions in each case accompanied by the 
Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Certificate will, 
following delivery of the Individual Certificate Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If a Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate or is an Individual Certificate and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, then to exercise the Optional Redemption (Investor Put) 
Right to require redemption of such Certificate the holder of such Certificate must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise (including the face amount 
of the Certificates in respect of which such right is exercised) in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
his instructions by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to 
the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 87 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
Luxembourg from time to time (a "Global Certificate Put Notice", with each Individual 
Certificate Put Notice and Global Certificate Put Notice being a "Put Notice") and, if a Certificate 
is represented by a Global Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
All notices to be given by any Certificateholder to the Trustee under this Condition 12.4 must be 
given in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Any Put Notice given by a Certificateholder 
pursuant to this Condition 12.4 shall be irrevocable and the Trustee will redeem all Certificates 
which are the subject of a validly delivered Put Notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
The Optional Dissolution (Call) Right and the Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right shall not 
both be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series of 
Certificates. 
12.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event) 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Notice from the Obligor in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give notice to the 
Certificateholders and the Delegate (a "Delisting Notice") in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) specifying that: 
(a) 
a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(b) 
as determined in consultation with the EI Internal Shariah Supervision Committee, the 
Certificates shall not be tradeable; 
(c) 
on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, the 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates 
have been admitted to listing; and 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall 
have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of the Delisting Notice, any Certificateholder may exercise its option within the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Period to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its right to redeem its Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 12.5, the Trustee shall redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event Redemption 
Date at the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount together with the Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on such Certificate due to (but excluding) the relevant Tangibility Event Redemption 
Date. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any Tangibility Event 
Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 12.5, upon payment in full of such amounts to 
all Certificateholders and execution of a sale agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the 
Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust.  
To exercise its "Optional Redemption (Tangibility Event) Right" to require the redemption of 
the Certificates under this Condition 12.5, a Certificateholder must (where a Certificate is an 
Individual Certificate) within the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal business hours of such Paying Agent, a duly 
completed and signed Individual Certificate Put Notice and in which the Certificateholder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 12.5 and the face 
amount of the Certificate to be redeemed and, if less than the full face amount of the Certificate is 
to be redeemed, an address to which a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of such 
Certificate is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the Conditions, in each case, accompanied 
by the Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Certificate will, 
following delivery of the Individual Certificate Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control 
(such notice by a Certificateholder being a "Tangibility Event Put Notice" for the purposes of 
this Condition 12.5). 
If a Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate or is an Individual Certificate and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, then to exercise the Optional Redemption (Tangibility

--- Page 88 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
Event) Right to require redemption of such Certificate the holder of such Certificate must, within 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, deliver a Global Certificate Put Notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent of such exercise (including the face amount of the Certificates in respect of which 
such right is exercised) in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instructions by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) and, if a Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent 
for notation accordingly (such notice by a Certificateholder being a "Tangibility Event Put 
Notice" for the purposes of this Condition 12.5). 
All notices to be given by any Certificateholder to the Trustee under this Condition 12.5 must be 
given in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Any Tangibility Event Put Notice given by a 
Certificateholder pursuant to this Condition 12.5 shall be irrevocable and the Trustee will redeem 
all Certificates which are the subject of a validly delivered Put Notice on the relevant Tangibility 
Event Redemption Date. 
12.6 
Dissolution upon a Clean Up (Call) Right 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been 
redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 12 the Trustee shall, upon 
receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from the Obligor pursuant to the Trustee's Sale and 
Purchase Undertaking, on giving not less than the Minimum Notice Period nor more than the 
Maximum Notice Period to the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) and to the Delegate, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, at their Clean 
Up (Call) Amount on the date specified in such notice (such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on such date (the "Clean Up (Call) Dissolution 
Date")) (the "Clean Up (Call) Right"). 
12.7 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event which is continuing, the Certificates may, following 
the delivery of an exercise notice pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, be redeemed at the relevant 
Final Dissolution Amount together with any Periodic Distribution Amounts payable on the 
Dissolution Event Redemption Date, if the conditions set out in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) 
are satisfied, and the Trust will be dissolved by the Trustee. 
12.8 
No Other Dissolution 
Neither the Trustee nor any Certificateholders shall be entitled to redeem the Certificates at its 
option otherwise than as provided in this Condition 12 and subject to Condition 4.3 (Limited 
Recourse). 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the Trust other than in 
accordance with this Condition 12 and Condition 15 (Dissolution Events). 
12.9 
Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Purchases 
The Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates at any price 
in the open market or otherwise. 
(b) 
Cancellation of Certificates held by the Obligor and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
Following any purchase of Certificates by or on behalf of the Obligor or any of its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to this Condition 12.9, against cancellation of such Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12.10 (Cancellation): 
(i) 
the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking may be exercised by the Obligor in 
respect of the transfer to the Obligor of the relevant portion of the Wakala

--- Page 89 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
Portfolio with an aggregate Value not greater than the aggregate face amount of 
the proportion of Certificates purchased (the "Cancellation Proportion"); and 
(ii) 
the Cancellation Proportion of the outstanding the Deferred Sale Price (as 
determined on the relevant date on which such Certificates are to be cancelled, 
immediately prior to the redemption and cancellation of the such Certificates) 
shall be deemed to be cancelled with effect from the relevant cancellation date. 
12.10 
Cancellation 
All Certificates which are redeemed, and all Certificates purchased by or on behalf of the Obligor 
or any of its Subsidiaries and delivered by the Obligor to the Trustee pursuant to the Trustee's Sale 
and Purchase Undertaking for cancellation, will be delivered by the Trustee to the Principal Paying 
Agent for cancellation and will forthwith be cancelled and accordingly such Certificates may not 
be held, reissued or resold. 
12.11 
Effect of Payment in Full of Dissolution Amount 
Upon payment in full of the relevant Dissolution Amount in respect of the Certificates of any Series 
together with any Periodic Distribution Amount accrued but unpaid and the dissolution of the Trust 
in accordance with this Condition 12, such Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust 
Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Certificates and the Trustee shall 
have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
13. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In 
such event, the Trustee will pay to the Certificateholders additional amounts as shall be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the Certificateholders after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts due and payable to any Certificateholder which would have 
otherwise been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amount shall be payable to any Certificateholder: 
(a) 
who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Certificate by reason of having some 
connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Certificate; 
or 
(b) 
where (in the case of the payment of face amounts or Periodic Distribution Amounts on 
dissolution) the relevant Individual Certificate is surrendered for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Certificateholder would 
have been entitled to such additional amount if it had surrendered the relevant Individual 
Certificate on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
The Transaction Documents provide that all payments thereunder by the Obligor shall be made 
without any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes imposed 
by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind, and, if there is any such deduction or withholding, the Obligor shall pay all additional 
amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received 
by it if no withholding or deduction had been made. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment in respect of the Certificates will become void unless made within a period of 
10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and five years (in the case of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts) after the Relevant Date thereof. 
15. 
DISSOLUTION EVENTS 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each, a "Dissolution Event"): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any Dissolution Amount on the date fixed for payment

--- Page 90 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
thereof and such default continues for a period of 14 days, or default is made in the 
payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount on the due date for payment thereof and 
such default continues for a period of seven Business Days; or 
(b) 
the Trustee fails to perform or comply with any of the obligations expressed to be assumed 
by it in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and such default is not capable 
of remedy (in the opinion of the Delegate) or if capable of remedy (in the opinion of the 
Delegate) is not remedied within 30 days after written notice is given by the Delegate to 
the Trustee; or 
(c) 
an Obligor Event; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates any Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or causes 
to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate any Transaction Document 
to which it is a party; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful for the Trustee (by way of insolvency or otherwise) 
to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or any 
of the obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents are not or cease to be 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(f) 
either: (i) the Trustee becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(ii) an administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made); or (iii) the Trustee takes any action for a readjustment or deferment 
of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it; or (iv) the Trustee ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially the whole of its business (otherwise 
than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraph (f) and paragraph (g) above, 
then the Delegate may (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction) or shall, if it has been notified of the occurrence of a Dissolution Event by the Trustee 
or the Obligor, give notice in writing of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) with a request to such holders to 
indicate if they wish the Trust to be dissolved. If so requested in writing by Certificateholders 
representing at least one-fifth in face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding, the 
Delegate shall (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), 
by written notice addressed to the Trustee and the Obligor (a "Dissolution Notice"), declare the 
Certificates to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due 
and payable at their Final Dissolution Amount together with accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts (if any) on the date specified in such notice (the "Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date"). Notice of a Dissolution Notice shall promptly be given to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Upon payment in full of such 
amounts, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further 
amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in 
respect thereof. 
For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the 
Certificates (including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under 
Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions), Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions) and Condition 12 (Capital Distributions of Trust)) notwithstanding that the Trustee 
has at the relevant time insufficient funds or Trust Assets to pay such amounts.

--- Page 91 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Obligor Event" means: 
(i) 
(1) an amount less than the Required Amount is deposited into the Transaction Account 
on the Business Day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date and such failure to deposit the 
Required Amount to the Transaction Account continues for a period of seven Business 
Days; or (2) insufficient funds are deposited to the Transaction Account on the Business 
Day prior to the Dissolution Date to allow the Trustee to pay the relevant Dissolution 
Amount due and payable on such Dissolution Date and the insufficiency in funds in the 
Transaction Account continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(ii) 
the Obligor: (1) delivers a notice to the Trustee and/or the Delegate pursuant to clause 
4.2.3 of the Service Agency Agreement; or (2) defaults in the performance or observance 
of any of its other material obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party, (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Delegate, the failure 
is incapable of remedy where no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required), the default continues for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Obligor by the Delegate, has been delivered to the Obligor, provided that 
the failure by the Obligor (acting in its capacity as Service Agent) to perform or observe 
the obligations set out in clause 4.2 of the Service Agency Agreement will not constitute 
an Obligor Event; or 
(iii) 
any indebtedness of the Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due 
or within any applicable grace period or becomes due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (and, in the case of a guarantee or indemnity, is called), provided that it shall not 
constitute an Obligor Event unless the aggregate amount (or its equivalent in U.S. dollars) 
of all such indebtedness either alone or when aggregated with all such other indebtedness, 
which shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, as the case may be, shall be more than 
U.S.$50,000,000; or 
(iv) 
the Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any corporate action or other steps 
are taken or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, nationalisation, dissolution, 
administration or re-organisation (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of 
arrangement or otherwise) or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, 
administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and assets and such proceedings are not frivolous or 
vexatious or are not being actively contested in good faith by the Obligor or, as the case 
may be, such Material Subsidiary save: (1) in the case of the Obligor, for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (2) in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary, for the purposes of a solvent consolidation, amalgamation or 
restructuring, pursuant to which some or all the assets of such Material Subsidiary are 
transferred to any one or more members of the Group; or 
(v) 
the Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the whole or substantially 
all of its business save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that a bona fide disposal for full value on an 
arm's length basis of the whole or substantially all of the business of the Obligor shall not 
be deemed in any event to be an Obligor Event for the purposes of this sub-paragraph; or 
(vi) 
the Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
commences negotiations with its creditors as a whole or any one or more classes of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of its indebtedness or 
makes a general assignment for the benefit of or a composition with its creditors; or 
(vii) 
any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes possession of, the 
whole or substantially all of the property, undertaking or assets of the Obligor or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries or any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has 
a similar or analogous effect, unless such enforcement proceedings are frivolous or 
vexatious or are being actively contested in good faith by the Obligor or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries; or

--- Page 92 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(viii) 
the Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to comply with or pay any sum which 
amount shall not be less than U.S.$50,000,000 due from it under any final non-appealable 
judgment or any final non-appealable order made or given by any court of competent 
jurisdiction and such failure continues for period of 30 days next following the service by 
the Delegate on the Obligor of notice requiring the same to be paid/remedied; or 
(ix) 
at any time (following the expiry of any grace period permitted by applicable law) it is or 
becomes unlawful for the Obligor to perform or comply with any or all of its material 
obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
For this purpose, the "winding-up", "dissolution" or "administration" of a company or 
corporation shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the 
law of the jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is incorporated or any jurisdiction in 
which such company or corporation carries on business including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection or 
relief of debtors. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, a Subsidiary: 
(i) 
whose total assets (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
exceed 25 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Obligor; or 
(ii) 
whose revenues (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
exceed 25 per cent. of the consolidated net operating revenues of the Obligor. 
For these purposes, the total assets and revenues of such Subsidiary shall be determined by 
reference to its then most recent audited annual financial statements (or, if none, its then most 
recent management accounts) and the consolidated total assets and consolidated net operating 
revenues of the Obligor shall be determined by reference to its then most recent audited annual 
consolidated financial statements, in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may consider appropriate, 
to take account of any changes in circumstances since the date as of which such financial statements 
(or management accounts) were prepared. A report of the Auditors that in their opinion a 
Subsidiary of the Obligor is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
16. 
ENFORCEMENT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 
16.1 
Enforcement 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of 
the Certificates have not been paid in full, the Trustee (or the Delegate, acting on behalf of the 
Trustee) (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction) shall, upon being requested in writing by Certificateholders representing at least one-
fifth in face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding, take one or more of the 
following steps: 
(a) 
enforce the Obligor's obligations under the Transaction Documents to which the Obligor 
is a party; and/or 
(b) 
take such other steps as the Delegate may consider necessary to recover amounts due to 
the Certificateholders. 
16.2 
Delegate not Obliged to take Action 
Neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be bound in any circumstances to take any action to 
enforce or to realise the relevant Trust Assets or take any action against (as applicable) the Trustee 
and/or the Obligor under any Transaction Document to which either of the Trustee or the Obligor 
is a party unless directed or requested to do so: (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (b) in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding 
and in either case then only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction 
against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing.

--- Page 93 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
16.3 
Direct Enforcement by Certificateholders 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the Obligor unless: 
(a) the Delegate, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within 30 days of becoming so 
bound and such failure is continuing; and (b) the relevant Certificateholder (or such 
Certificateholder together with the other Certificateholders who propose to proceed directly against 
the Trustee or the Obligor) holds at least one-fifth of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates 
then outstanding. Under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder 
have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of the relevant Trust Assets except 
pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, and the sole right of the Trustee, Delegate and the 
Certificateholders against the Trustee and the Obligor (as applicable) shall be to enforce their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
16.4 
Limited Recourse 
Conditions 16.2 (Delegate not obliged to take action) and 16.3 (Direct enforcement by 
Certificateholders) are subject to this Condition 16.4. After distributing the net proceeds of the 
Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets), the 
obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall be satisfied and no holder of the 
Certificates may take any further steps against the Trustee or the Delegate to recover any further 
sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be 
extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder shall be entitled to take any action against the 
Trustee, the Delegate or any other person (other than the Obligor) to recover any such sum in 
respect of the Certificates or Trust Assets, or petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up 
of the Trustee, nor shall any Certificateholders have any claim in respect of the Trust Assets of any 
other trust established by the Trustee. 
17. 
REPLACEMENT OF INDIVIDUAL CERTIFICATES 
Should any Individual Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Trustee may require. Mutilated or defaced Individual Certificates must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
18. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Certificates will be in the English language and will be deemed to be validly 
given if published in one or more leading English language daily newspapers of general circulation 
in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial 
Times in London. The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Certificates are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any Individual Certificates are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Certificate representing the Certificates is held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Certificates and, in addition, for so long as any Certificates are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Certificates on the same day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Certificate or Certificates, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any

--- Page 94 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
19. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER, 
AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION 
19.1 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Certificateholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by 
Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more 
Certificateholders, proxies or representatives holding or representing in the aggregate at least a 
majority in face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more Certificateholders, proxies or representatives present whatever the face 
amount of the Certificates held or represented by him or them except that any meeting the business 
of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Certificates (including modifying 
the Maturity Date, reducing or cancelling any amount payable in respect of the Certificates or 
altering the currency of payment of the Certificates or amending certain covenants given by the 
Trustee in the Master Trust Deed), the quorum shall be one or more persons present holding or 
representing at least 75 per cent., in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present holding or representing 
at least 25 per cent., in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding. 
19.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
To be passed, an Extraordinary Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of at least two-
thirds of the persons voting on a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, a majority of at least 
two-thirds of the votes cast on such poll and, if duly passed, will be binding on all holders of the 
Certificates, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not voting. The Master 
Trust Deed also provides that an Extraordinary Resolution may be passed by: (a) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent, in face amount of the 
Certificates which resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Certificateholders; or (b) consent being 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory 
to the Delegate) by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. in face amount of the 
Certificates. 
19.3 
Modification 
The Delegate may agree, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or other Transaction Documents or 
determine, without any such consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution Event shall not 
be treated as such, which in any such case is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders or may agree, without any such consent as 
aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error. The Delegate shall also, without the consent or sanction of the 
Certificateholders, agree to any modification of the Conditions in accordance with and subject to 
the provisions of Condition 9.7 (Benchmark Replacement). 
19.4 
Entitlement of the Delegate 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested 
in it (including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Delegate shall have regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Certificateholders 
(whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such exercise for individual Certificateholders (whatever their number)

--- Page 95 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, 
or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof) and 
the Delegate shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim 
from the Delegate or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Certificateholders except to the extent provided 
in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the 
Certificateholders and shall be notified to the Certificateholders as soon as practicable thereafter 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
20. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF THE DELEGATE AND THE TRUSTEE 
20.1 
Indemnification 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Delegate and the Trustee 
in certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from 
taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction as well as 
provisions entitling the Delegate to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the 
Certificateholders. In particular, in connection with the exercise of certain rights arising after the 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of the Trust Assets, the Delegate shall not be required 
to take any action unless directed to do so in accordance with Condition 16.2 (Delegate not obliged 
to take action). 
20.2 
No Liability 
Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee makes any representation and assumes no responsibility for 
the validity, sufficiency or enforceability of the obligations of the Obligor under any Transaction 
Document to which the Obligor is a party (or are parties) and shall not under any circumstances 
have any liability or be obliged to account to the Certificateholders in respect of any payment which 
should have been made by the Obligor, but is not so made, and shall not in any circumstances have 
any liability arising from the Trust Assets other than as expressly provided in the Conditions or in 
the Trust Deed. 
Each of the Delegate and the Trustee is exempted from: (a) any liability in respect of any loss or 
theft of the Trust Assets or any cash; (b) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash; and 
(c) any claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the 
Trustee or on deposit or in an account with any depository or clearing system or are registered in 
the name of the Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of wilful default 
or fraud of the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be. 
20.3 
Waiver 
Subject to Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) and Condition 16 (Enforcement and Exercise of 
Rights), the Trustee waives any right to be indemnified by the Certificateholders in circumstances 
where the Trust Assets are insufficient therefor. 
21. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
In respect of each Series, the Trustee may from time to time (but subject always to the provisions 
of the Master Trust Deed) without the consent of the Certificateholders create and issue Additional 
Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Certificates of such Series or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first 
payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which such Periodic Distribution 
Amounts start to accrue, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the outstanding Certificates of such Series. 
Any Additional Certificates which are to form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of 
a particular Series shall be constituted by a declaration of commingling of assets which will be 
supplemental to the Master Trust Deed (as further supplemented by the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed(s)).

--- Page 96 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
References in these Conditions to the "Certificates" include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other Certificates issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with such 
Certificates. 
In connection with an issuance of Additional Certificates in accordance with this Condition 21, 
pursuant to the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking the Trustee grants to the Obligor the 
right to require the Trustee to purchase and accept the transfer of all of the Obligor's interests, 
rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Additional Assets 
from the Obligor at the Additional Assets Exercise Price. 
In the event that: (a) the Trustee has exercised its rights under this Condition 21 to issue Additional 
Certificates; and (b) in connection with such Additional Certificates, the Trustee and the Obligor 
have entered into: (i) an Additional Assets Sale Agreement in accordance with the terms of the 
Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking pursuant to which the Obligor has sold to the Trustee 
all of its rights, title, interest and benefit in and to certain Additional Assets; and/or (ii) a 
Commodity Murabaha Investment pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Trustee will 
execute a declaration of commingling of assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing 
Certificates and the holders of such Additional Certificates so issued, declaring that any such 
Additional Assets shall be commingled with the existing Wakala Portfolio (and the existing Wakala 
Assets together with such Additional Assets shall comprise the Wakala Portfolio of that Series) and 
will be commingled together with any new and/or existing Commodity Murabaha Investment to 
form the Sukuk Portfolio for that Series, and shall collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets 
for the benefit of the holders of the existing Certificates and the holders of such Additional 
Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by 
each Certificateholder, in accordance with the relevant Trust Deed. 
22. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term of these Conditions under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists 
or is available apart from that Act. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
23.1 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed (including these Conditions) and the Certificates and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Trust 
Deed (including these Conditions) and the Certificates are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
23.2 
Arbitration 
Subject to Condition 23.3 (Court of Law), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out 
of, relating to or having any connection with the Trust Deed and/or the Certificates (including any 
dispute, claim, difference or controversy regarding the existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination of the Trust Deed and/or the Certificates or the consequences 
of their nullity and any dispute, claim, difference or controversy relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the "Rules"), which Rules (as amended 
from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 23.2. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat, or legal place, of arbitration will be London; 
(b) 
the governing law of the arbitration agreement shall be English law; 
(c) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions; and 
(d) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English.

--- Page 97 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
23.3 
Court of Law 
Notwithstanding Condition 23.2 (Arbitration) above, the Delegate (or, but only where permitted 
to take action in accordance with these presents, any Certificateholder) may, in the alternative, and 
at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee and the Obligor: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Delegate or any Certificateholder (where 
permitted so to do) gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 23.4 (Submission to Jurisdiction) and, subject as provided below, 
any arbitration commenced under Condition 23.2 (Arbitration) in respect of that Dispute will be 
terminated. With the exception of the Delegate (whose costs will be borne by the Trustee, failing 
which the Obligor), each person who gives such notice and the recipient of that notice will bear its 
own costs in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate the arbitration in accordance with Condition 23.3 (Court of Law) is given 
after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, the Delegate or the relevant 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, must also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any 
Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such 
Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration 
and any appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any 
such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(a) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of 
that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(b) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(c) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation 
bar or any similar rule or provision. 
23.4 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 23.3 (Court of Law) is issued, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the courts of England or the courts of the Dubai 
International Financial Centre ("DIFC"), at the option of the Delegate or any 
Certificateholder (where permitted so to do in accordance with these presents), shall each 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and the 
Obligor submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
each of the Trustee and the Obligor waives any objection to the courts of either England 
or the DIFC on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute; and 
(c) 
this Condition 23.4 is for the benefit of the Delegate and the Certificateholders only. As a 
result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Delegate and any Certificateholder 
(where permitted so to do) may start proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders (where permitted to do so) may start concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
23.5 
Judgment Interest 
The parties recognise that the receipt and payment of interest is not permitted under Shariah and 
accordingly agree that no interest (nor any cost of funds or any amounts in respect of any loss of 
opportunity) will be payable or receivables under or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Trust Deed (including these Conditions) and the Certificates, and, if any Proceedings are

--- Page 98 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
brought by or on behalf of any party under Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed (including these 
Conditions) and the Certificates, each party agrees it will: 
(a) 
not claim judgment interest under, or in connection with, such Proceedings; and 
(b) 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, waive all and any entitlement it may have to 
judgment interest awarded in its favour by any court as a result of such Proceedings. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 23 shall be construed as a waiver of rights in 
respect of Periodic Distribution Amounts or Dissolution Amounts payable under the Certificates, 
Portfolio Revenues payable under the Service Agency Agreement, any Deferred Sale Price payable 
under the Master Murabaha Agreement, any Exercise Price or Optional Put Exercise Price payable 
under, and as defined in, the Purchase Undertaking, any Exercise Price or Optional Call Exercise 
Price payable under, and as defined in, the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking shall be 
construed as a waiver of rights in respect of Periodic Distribution Amounts payable under the 
Certificates, Portfolio Revenues payable under the Service Agency Agreement, or Deferred Sale 
Price, Murabaha Profit, Murabaha Profit Instalment or profit or principal of any kind howsoever 
described payable by the Obligor (in any capacity) or the Trustee (in any capacity) pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be described or re-
characterised by any court or arbitral tribunal. 
23.6 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Obligor irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right to claim sovereign or other 
immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and 
unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of 
its use or intended use) or any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Proceedings 
or Disputes. 
23.7 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Trustee and the Obligor appoints Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, London Branch (attention 
of: Chief Executive Officer) at its registered office at Emirates NBD House, 25 Knightsbridge, 
London, SW1X 7LY, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process and agrees that, in the 
event of Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will immediately (and in any event within 30 days of the event taking place) appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings or 
Disputes. Failure by a process agent to notify the person that appointed it of any process will not 
invalidate the relevant proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 99 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Certificates will be applied by the Trustee pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant Transaction Documents in the following proportion: (i) in the case of each Tranche of 
the relevant Series of Certificates, the Murabaha Investment Amount will be used to purchase Commodities 
from the Trustee's commodity agent and on-sell such Commodities to the Obligor for the Deferred Sale 
Price pursuant to a Murabaha Contract; and (ii) the Purchase Price will be used to purchase from the 
Obligor, in the case of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, the Initial Wakala Assets or, 
in the case of each subsequent Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, the Additional Assets. 
The amounts subsequently received by the Obligor in consideration for the transactions entered into with 
the Trustee as set out above, including with respect to the proceeds received from any on-sale of 
commodities by the Obligor, shall be invested in the Obligor's Islamic finance business.

--- Page 100 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
EI Sukuk Company Ltd. (previously EIB Sukuk Company Ltd.), a Cayman Islands exempted company 
with limited liability, was incorporated on 16 April 2007 under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the 
Cayman Islands with company registration number 185691. The Trustee has been established as a special 
purpose vehicle for the sole purpose of issuing Certificates under the Programme and entering into the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The registered office of the Trustee is at c/o 
MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands, and 
its telephone number is +1 345 945 7100. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into 50,000 shares of a nominal or par 
value of U.S.$1.00 each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the "Shares") are fully-
paid and are held by MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands as share trustee (the "Share Trustee") under the terms of a declaration of trust 
dated 6 June 2007 (as supplemented by a deed of appointment and retirement of trustees dated 24 May 
2016) (the "Share Declaration of Trust") under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust until the 
Termination Date (as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust). Prior to the Termination Date, the trust is 
an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has the power to benefit the Certificateholders or Qualified 
Charities (as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be 
made by the Share Trustee whilst any Certificate is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share 
Trustee will wind up the trust and make a final distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial 
interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the 
Shares. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee does not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection with the Certificates issued, 
or to be issued, under the Programme. The Certificates are the obligations of the Trustee alone and not the 
Share Trustee. 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in the Amended and Restated Memorandum of 
Association of the Trustee as adopted on 6 June 2007. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee 
is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Norbert Neijzen 
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East at Maples Fund Services (Middle East) 
Limited 
Stacy Bodden 
Vice President at MaplesFS Limited 
The business address of Norbert Neijzen is Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Unit C 1407, 
Level 14, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates. The business address of Stacy Bodden is MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, 
Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the directors listed 
above and their duties to the Trustee. 
The Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited will also act as the corporate administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity, the

--- Page 101 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
"Corporate Administrator"). The office of the Corporate Administrator will serve as the general business 
office of the Trustee. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated corporate 
services agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Corporate Administrator and dated 13 October 
2021 (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), the Corporate Administrator will perform in the Cayman 
Islands various administrative functions on behalf of the Trustee, including communications with 
shareholders and the general public, and the provision of certain clerical, administrative and other services 
until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Corporate Administrator will also provide 
registered office services to the Trustee in accordance with its standard terms and conditions for the 
provision of registered office services (the "Registered Office Terms"). In consideration of the foregoing, 
the Corporate Administrator will receive various fees payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time 
to time, plus expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Terms 
provide that the Trustee may terminate the appointment of the Corporate Administrator by giving 30 days' 
notice to the Corporate Administrator at any time within 12 months of the happening of any certain stated 
events, including any breach by the Corporate Administrator of its obligations under the Corporate Services 
Agreement or the Registered Office Terms. In addition, the Corporate Services Agreement and the 
Registered Office Terms provide that the Corporate Administrator shall be entitled to retire from its 
appointment by giving at least three months' notice in writing. 
The Corporate Administrator will be subject to the overview of the Trustee's board of directors. The 
Corporate Services Agreement may be terminated (other than as stated above) by either the Trustee or the 
Corporate Administrator giving the other party at least three months' written notice. 
The Corporate Administrator's principal office is Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 1984, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. 
The directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Corporate Administrator. The Trustee has 
no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
"DPA") on 18 May 2017. The DPA introduces legal requirements for the Trustee based on internationally 
accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the 
associated interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the 
Trustee with personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example, directors, 
trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such 
individuals may be providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, 
the Corporate Administrator) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the 
meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its 
affiliates and/or delegates, such as the Corporate Administrator, may act as data processors (or data 
controllers in their own right in some circumstances). For further information on the application of the DPA 
to the Trustee, please refer to the privacy notice (a copy of which may be requested from the Corporate 
Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an outline of investors' data protection 
rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPL by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 102 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set out in summary form certain financial information relating to the Group. Such 
information is extracted from the Financial Statements (which, including the auditor reports thereon, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and, unless otherwise stated, such financial information 
has been audited. 
The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements 
(including the auditor reports thereon and the notes thereto) and other information included elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus, including in "Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information".  
Key Financial Information and Ratios 
The following tables set out certain key financial information and ratios in respect of the Group as at and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
As at and 
for the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 2021 
As at and for 
the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 2020 
As at and for 
the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
As at and 
for the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019 
As at and 
for the year 
ended 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Income Statement Data 
 
 
 
 
 
Total operating income ...................................  
1,179.7 
1,140.0 
2,088.0 
2,670.3 
2,463.4 
General and administrative expenses .............  
(525.7) 
(537.5) 
(1,083.9) 
(1,126.5) 
(1,153.0) 
Total net impairment loss1 ..............................  
(85.3) 
(590.7) 
(1,486.3) 
(482.8) 
(386.1) 
Net profit/(loss) for the period2 ......................  
568.7 
11.8 
(482.2) 
1,061.0 
924.2 
 _______________  
1 
Comprises "Net impairment loss on financial assets" and "Net impairment loss on non-financial assets". 
2 
Referred to as "Profit for the year" in the 2020 Financial Statements and 2019 Financial Statements. 
 
As at and for 
the six months 
ended 30 June 
2021 
As at and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
As at and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2019 
As at and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2018 
(AED millions unless otherwise specified) 
Statement of Financial Position Data 
 
 
 
 
Total assets .................................................................. 
68,041.4 
70,571.3 
64,775.5 
58,379.4 
Financing receivables ................................................. 
41,454.9 
40,809.0 
37,496.5 
36,171.9 
Investments1 ................................................................ 
6,860.3 
5,191.3 
4,266.8 
3,000.3 
Customer acceptances ................................................. 
463.8 
504.7 
630.5 
263.4 
Total deposits2 ............................................................. 
55,112.2 
54,692.0 
50,245.1 
45,753.1 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the 
Group .......................................................................... 
8,394.7 
7,852.0 
8,305.6 
7,211.2 
 
 
 
 
Profitability Indicators3 
 
 
 
 
Net profit margin (per cent.)4...................................... 
2.49 
2.68 
3.2 
3.0 
Return on average shareholders' equity (per cent.)4 ... 
14.0 
(6.0) 
13.7 
12.7 
Earnings per share (AED)4 ......................................... 
0.105 
(0.089) 
0.195 
0.170 
 
 
 
 
Capital Adequacy Indicators3 
 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy ratio (per cent.)4 ............................. 
19.5 
19.2 
20.7 
18.2 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity and Business Indicators4 
 
 
 
 
Cost to income ratio (per cent.)4 ................................. 
44.6 
51.9 
42.2 
46.8 
Financing/customer deposits (per cent.)4 ................... 
84.9 
87.1 
82.7 
86.9 
Net financing growth (per cent.)4 ............................... 
1.6 
8.8 
3.7 
6.9 
Impaired financing receivables/gross financing 
receivables (per cent.)4 ................................................ 
8.7 
9.0 
7.6 
8.3 
Number of employees ................................................. 
1,442 
1,722 
1,957 
2,116 
 _______________  
1 
Comprises "Investment securities" and "Investment properties". 
2 
Comprises "Due to banks" and "Customer deposits". 
3 
Unaudited. 
4 
For further information, please see "Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information – Alternative Performance 
Measures".

--- Page 103 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
Sources of Funding 
The Group's main source of funding has been customer and other banks' deposits, sukuks and shareholders' 
equity. The following table sets out the Group's funding from such sources as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Due to banks ................................................................  
6,310.4 
7,813.9 
4,922.4 
4,143.5 
Customer deposits........................................................  
48,801.9 
46,878.1 
45,322.7 
41,609.7 
Sukuk payable ..............................................................  
1,836.2 
5,510.9 
3,679.9 
3,685.2 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the 
Group ..........................................................................  
 
8,394.7 
7,852.0 
8,305.6 
7,211.2 
Assets and investments 
The following table sets out information in relation to the Group's assets and investments as at 30 June 
2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Cash and deposits with Central Bank ..........................  
15,222.4 
19,633.5 
18,525.6 
14,607.0 
Due from banks ...........................................................  
2,943.4 
3,651.7 
2,767.3 
3,818.7 
Investment securities ...................................................  
6,519.7 
4,827.2 
3,844.4 
2,521.1 
Financing receivables ..................................................  
41,454.9 
40,809.0 
37,496.5 
36,171.9 
Customer acceptances .................................................  
463.8 
504.7 
630.5 
263.4 
Investment properties ..................................................  
340.6 
364.1 
422.4 
479.2 
Property and equipment ...............................................  
292.9 
301.6 
388.5 
209.1 
Other assets ..................................................................  
803.7 
479.5 
700.3 
309.0 
Total assets .................................................................  
68,041.4 
70,571.3 
64,775.5 
58,379.4 
Maturity profile of assets and liabilities 
The following table sets out information regarding the maturity profile of the Group's assets and liabilities 
(based on their carrying values) as at 31 December 2020. For information regarding the maturity profile of 
the Group's assets and liabilities (based on their carrying values) as at 31 December 2019, see Note 36(n) 
to the 2019 Financial Statements. 
31 December 2020 
Within 3 
months 
Over 3 
months to 
1 year 
Over 1 
year to 3 
years 
Over 3 
years to 5 
years 
Undated 
and over 5 
years 
Total 
 
(AED millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and deposits with Central Bank .........  
13,781.1 
5,852.4 
 
 
 
19,633.5 
Due from banks ..........................................  
2,856.9 
794.8 
 
 
 
3,651.7 
Investments1 ................................................  
54.8 
232.9 
1,693.8 
1,220.1 
1,989.8 
5,191.3 
Financing receivables .................................  
10,616.4 
5,657.2 
8,885.1 
5,612.6 
10,037.7 
40,809.0 
Customer acceptances ................................  
504.7 
 
 
 
 
504.7 
Property and equipment ..............................  
 
 
 
 
301.6 
301.6 
Other assets .................................................  
227.6 
9.1 
22.5 
67.4 
152.8 
479.5 
Total assets ................................................  
28,041.5 
12,546.4 
10,601.3 
6,900.2 
12,482.0 
70,571.3 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...............................................  
5,758.3 
184.3 
 
 
1,871.2 
7,813.9 
Customer deposits.......................................  
40,993.4 
5,304.9 
195.2 
364.6 
20.0 
46,878.1 
Sukuk payable .............................................  
 
3,674.7 
 
1,836.3 
 
5,510.9 
Customer acceptances ................................  
504.7 
 
 
 
 
504.7 
Other liabilities ...........................................  
1,053.0 
9.2 
23.6 
74,729 
851.2 
2,011.7 
Total equity .................................................  
 
 
 
 
7,852.0 
7,852.0 
Total liabilities and equity .......................  
48,309.4 
9,173.1 
218.8 
2,275.5 
10,594.4 
70,571.3 
 _______________  
1 
Comprises "Investment securities" and "Investment properties".

--- Page 104 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Financing Receivables 
The following table sets out the financial activities undertaken by the Group which generated the Group's 
financing receivables as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
At amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
Murabaha .....................................................................  
29,125.6 
28,892.9 
26,361.2 
26,120.8 
Credit card receivable ..................................................  
1,518.5 
1,486.9 
1,494.4 
1,334.5 
Wakala .........................................................................  
249.2 
249.6 
217.4 
217.0 
Istisna'a ........................................................................  
1,024.0 
1,141.5 
1,257.2 
1,612.6 
Ijara ..............................................................................  
15,098.3 
14,938.6 
13,621.4 
12,941.6 
Others ...........................................................................  
18.1 
19.1 
22.7 
126.4 
Total financing receivables .......................................  
47,033.7 
46,728.6 
42,974.2 
42,353.0 
The following table sets out the concentration of credit risk by economic activity sector in relation to the 
Group's financing receivables as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Manufacturing .............................................................  
1,995.7 
1,830.3 
1,649.6 
1,482.4 
Construction .................................................................  
644.6 
760.7 
786.6 
955.2 
Trade ............................................................................  
5,521.3 
6,127.3 
6,692.4 
6,476.3 
Transport and communication .....................................  
867.1 
864.0 
208.6 
272.7 
Services ........................................................................  
921.6 
975.3 
907.1 
1,250.1 
Sovereign .....................................................................  
406.9 
482.8 
347.6 
617.9 
Personal ........................................................................  
28,757.9 
27,831.2 
24,279.2 
23,216.2 
Real estate ....................................................................  
2,483.9 
3,540.6 
3,346.7 
4,237.8 
Hotels and restaurants ..................................................  
38.1 
43.3 
55.2 
77.8 
Management of companies and enterprises ................  
2,239.3 
1,462.4 
407.8 
95.7 
Financial institutions and investment companies ........  
1,199.8 
783.2 
1,962.4 
2,026.4 
Others ...........................................................................  
1,957.6 
2,027.5 
2,331.0 
1,644.5 
Total financing and receivables................................  
47,033.7 
46,728.6 
42,974.2 
42,353.0 
The following table summarises the movement in the Group's net financing receivables as at 30 June 2021, 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Total financing receivables..........................................  
47,033.7 
46,728.6 
42,974.3 
42,353.0 
Less: Deferred income .................................................  
(1,411.9) 
(1,587.8) 
(1,746.8) 
(2,198.3) 
Less: Expected credit loss ............................................  
(4,166.8) 
(4,331.8) 
(3,730.9) 
(3,982.8) 
Net financing receivables ..........................................  
41,545.9 
40,809.0 
37,496.5 
36,171.9 
The following table sets out the movement in the Group's ECL as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 
June 2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Balance at 1 January (adjusted opening as per IFRS 9)1 .............  
4,331.8 
3,730.9 
3,982.8 
4,442.5 
Allowances for impairment made during the year2 ......................  
221.5 
1,565.2 
905.1 
759.1 
Write-back/recoveries made during the year3 ..............................  
(41.4) 
(109.4) 
(253.5) 
(306.5) 
Amounts written-off during the year4 ..........................................  
(345.0) 
(855.0) 
(837.4) 
(1,259.5) 
Exchange and other adjustments ..................................................  
 
 
(66.0) 
347.1 
Closing balance ...........................................................................  
4,166.8 
4,331.8 
3,730.9 
3,982.8

--- Page 105 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 _______________  
1 
Referred to as "Balance at 1 January" in H1 2021 Financial Statements.  
2 
Referred to as "Expected credit losses recognised during the period" in H1 2021 Financial Statements.  
3 
Referred to as "Write-back/recoveries made during the period" in H1 2021 Financial Statements.  
4 
Referred to as "Amounts written off during the period" in H1 2021 Financial Statements.  
As at 31 December 2020, the contractual amount outstanding on financing receivables which were written-
off during the year and were still subject to enforcement activity amounted to AED 855 million (31 
December 2019: AED 837.0 million). 
Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
The following table sets out the Group's commitments and contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2021, 31 
December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 2020 
As at 31 
December 2019 
As at 31 
December 2018 
 
(AED millions) 
Letters of credit ......................................................... 
412.0 
535.4 
225.8 
580.6 
Guarantees ................................................................ 
4,429.2 
4,530.5 
5,085.5 
5,111.1 
Liability on risk participations ................................. 
49.6 
17.3 
36.7 
9.5 
Irrevocable financing commitments ......................... 
1,142.1 
1,203.8 
1,486.8 
962.8 
Total ......................................................................... 
6,033.0 
6,287.1 
6,834.9 
6,664.0 
Irrevocable financing commitments represent a contractual commitment to permit drawdowns on facilities 
granted by the Group. Such drawdowns may only be within a defined period and are subject to conditions 
precedent and termination clauses. Further, such commitments may expire without being drawn down. 
Accordingly, such aggregate contract amounts do not necessarily represent exact future cash requirements. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had a capital commitment of AED 7.0 million for branch 
refurbishments and automation projects (31 December 2019: AED 24.9 million). 
Related Party Transactions 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENBD holds a 99.9 per cent. stake in Emirates Islamic. In turn, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Investment Corporation of Dubai holds a 55.75 per cent. stake in 
ENBD. The Investment Corporation of Dubai is wholly-owned by the Government. 
The Group enters into related party transactions with Government-related entities in the normal course of 
its business. The Group enters into such transactions on normal commercial terms. In addition, the Group 
also enters into transaction with other related parties who are not Government-related entities. The Group 
enters into such transactions on substantially the same terms, including profit rates and collaterals, as those 
prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with third parties. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group's financing and other receivables attributable to related parties amounted to 
AED 65.6 million while the Group's customers deposits and other payables from related parties amounted 
to AED 4,557.2 million. For further information, please see Note 16 to the H1 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 106 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
Emirates Islamic, formerly known as Middle East Bank PJSC, was incorporated as a public limited 
company and conventional commercial bank by H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the former 
Ruler of Dubai, pursuant to Emiri Decree dated 4 October 1975, as amended by Emiri Decree dated 3 April 
1976 and, in 1991, was acquired by ENBD (at the time, Emirates Bank International PJSC) pursuant to an 
agreement dated 9 December 1991. Emirates Islamic was registered as a Public Joint Stock Company in 
July 1995 (Commercial Register No. 30 dated 18 July 1995). 
In 2004, in response to customer demand for Shariah-compliant products on a broader scale, Emirates 
Islamic was converted to an Islamic bank and its name was changed to "Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC" (a 
resolution was passed at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on 10 March 2004 to convert 
Emirates Islamic's activities to be fully Shariah-compliant). The process was completed on 9 October 2004 
when Emirates Islamic obtained the Central Bank's and other relevant UAE authorities' approvals. 
Through its 41 branches across the UAE (as at 30 June 2021), Emirates Islamic provides full Islamic 
banking services and a variety of products through Shariah-compliant financing and investment activities. 
As at 31 December 2020, Emirates Islamic was the third largest Islamic bank in the UAE by total assets 
(source: year-end 2020 consolidated financial statements for UAE banks). 
Emirates Islamic is a publicly listed company whose shares are listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the 
"DFM"). As at 30 June 2021, Emirates Islamic's authorised capital was AED 10.0 billion, consisting of 10 
billion shares of AED 1 each. Emirates Islamic's paid-up capital, as at 30 June 2021, was AED 5.4 billion. 
As at 30 June 2021, Emirates Islamic was 99.9 per cent owned by ENBD. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group had total assets of AED 68.0 billion (which included financing receivables 
of AED 41.4 billion), total deposits of AED 55.1 billion (comprising due to banks and customer deposits) 
and a total capital adequacy ratio of 19.5 per cent. For the six months ended 30 June 2021, the Group's net 
profit for the period was AED 568.7 million. 
Whilst the Group does have a strong degree of independence in the operation of its business, it enjoys a 
high level of support from ENBD and its subsidiaries (together, the "Holding Company Group") in 
relation to business support functions, including human resources, treasury, IT, certain administrative 
services and back-office operations such as clearing and remittances (see further "Description of the Group 
– Competitive Strengths – Support from the Holding Company Group"). In addition, Emirates Islamic's 
network of automated teller machines ("ATMs") is integrated with the network within the Holding 
Company Group. Emirates Islamic is also aligned to Holding Company Group policy and standards, to the 
extent not inconsistent with the rules and principles of Shariah as per the standards of the EI Shariah 
Committee. All of Emirates Islamic's activities are overseen by the EI Shariah Committee comprising 
scholars of Islamic Shariah (see further "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah 
Committee"). 
General 
Emirates Islamic's registered office address is P.O. Box 6564, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Emirates 
Islamic's head office is located on the 3rd Floor, Building 16, Dubai Health Care City, P.O. Box 6564, 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Emirates Islamic's general contact number is +971 4 316 0330. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Emirates Islamic has been assigned a long-term foreign currency 
issuer default rating of A+ and a short-term foreign currency issuer default rating of F1 by Fitch. 
Ownership Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENBD holds a 99.9 per cent. stake in Emirates Islamic. In turn, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Investment Corporation of Dubai holds a 55.75 per cent. stake in 
ENBD. The Investment Corporation of Dubai is wholly-owned by the Government. 
ENBD was incorporated and registered in the UAE as a Public Joint Stock Company on 16 July 2007 and 
is a publicly listed company whose shares are listed on the DFM. ENBD is one of the largest banking 
entities in the UAE across a range of metrics, including by shareholders equity and by financing/loans as

--- Page 107 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
at 31 December 2020 (source: year-end 2020 financial statements for UAE banks). Originally incorporated 
to serve as the holding company of Emirates Bank International PJSC and National Bank of Dubai PJSC 
during the initial stages of their merger, on 21 November 2009, Emirates Bank International PJSC and 
National Bank of Dubai PJSC were legally amalgamated with ENBD. As a result of the amalgamation, all 
of the assets and liabilities of Emirates Bank International PJSC and National Bank of Dubai PJSC were 
transferred to ENBD and Emirates Bank International PJSC and National Bank of Dubai PJSC were 
dissolved. ENBD has a significant presence in the UAE retail, corporate and commercial banking market. 
ENBD (including through the operation of its operating subsidiaries) is one of the leading full-service banks 
in the UAE with branches in India, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the UAE and the UK, as well 
as branches (through its operating subsidiaries) in Austria, Bahrain, Egypt, Germany, Turkey and Russia, 
and representative offices in China and Indonesia. The board of directors of ENBD is chaired by H.H. 
Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the Chairman of the Supreme Fiscal Committee of the Government 
and is composed of nine directors, who include each member of Emirates Islamic's board of directors except 
Mr. Shayne Nelson (who is the Group Chief Executive Officer of ENBD). 
The Investment Corporation of Dubai is wholly-owned by the Government and was established in May 
2006, through the partial transfer of the Government's investment portfolio from the Department of Finance, 
pursuant to a decree issued by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai. It is 
the only entity mandated to directly own and manage the Government's corporate assets. The aim of the 
Investment Corporation of Dubai is to assist in establishing the vision for Dubai through devising and 
implementing the Government's investment strategy and managing investments deemed to be of strategic 
importance to Dubai's long-term development goals. The investments, diversified across multiple sectors, 
are considered to be a platform for the future growth of Dubai and include Dubai's most recognised 
companies including but not limited to, in addition to ENBD, Borse Dubai Limited, Commercial Bank of 
Dubai PJSC, Dubai Aerospace Enterprise (DAE) Ltd, Dubai Aluminium PJSC, Dubai Cable Company 
(Private) Ltd, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, Emaar Properties PJSC, Emirates National Oil Company Limited 
(ENOC) LLC and The Emirates Group (including dnata). The board of directors of the Investment 
Corporation of Dubai is chaired by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai 
and is composed of eight directors, who include the Chairman of ENBD. 
Strategy 
Emirates Islamic's vision is to be the leading provider of high standard Shariah-compliant innovative 
financial products, quality value and superior value for its customers, shareholders, employees and 
community. In order to achieve its objective, Emirates Islamic implemented its three-year strategic vision 
programme in 2020 which is driven by: 
 
business growth aspirations by driving sustainable growth, digital and analytics advancement and 
augmenting risk and returns; 
 
focusing on customer experience across all business segments by building a solid customer 
experience foundation, enabling customer-centric journeys through end-to-end customer-centric 
processes and a "customer first" mindset; and 
 
a human capital strategy to strengthen organisation culture, promote agility and empowerment to 
support Emirates Islamic's growth aspirations. 
As part of this broader strategic vision, Emirates Islamic intends to focus on the following key strategic 
pillars in the short- to mid-term. 
Drive sustainable growth 
Emirates Islamic seeks to deliver its financial growth aspirations through diversification of its revenue 
streams by enhancing its products and services propositions in order to increase 'share of wallet' from 
customers and capture higher non-funded income growth. In order to achieve this, Emirates Islamic intends 
to focus on enhancing its Emirati customer eco-system and value proposition in order to capture a higher 
market share. For instance, Emirates Islamic has recently partnered with a number of housing programmes 
(such as the Sharjah Housing Programme, Sheikh Zayed Housing Programme and Mohammed Bin Rashid 
Housing Establishment) and government entities (such as the Roads and Transport authority and Dubai 
Police) to offer products and services specifically catering to UAE nationals. In 2017, Emirates Islamic 
launched the "Emirati Experience", which is an exclusive banking package for UAE nationals

--- Page 108 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
encompassing lifestyle privileges, fast service and pricing benefits. Emirates Islamic has also partnered 
with Emirati influencers to gain a strong brand affinity amongst Emiratis and, as a result, Emirates Islamic 
was ranked fifth in 2019 and sixth in 2020 as a retail bank brand in the UAE (source: 2019 and 2020 UAE 
Retail Banks, YouGov Brand Index). Further, according to internal management data, the financing 
portfolio (including card portfolio and micro-SMEs owned by Emiratis) attributable to Emirati customers 
increased by 18 per cent. between 2019 and 2020 while customer deposits attributable to Emirati customers 
increased by 9 per cent. during the same period. 
In addition, Emirates Islamic also aims to strengthen its origination and distribution capabilities in its 
Wholesale Banking division by, amongst other things, enhancing its transaction banking, financial 
institution and investment banking propositions, development of new treasury and markets products and 
services, introduction of digital foreign exchange dealing solutions and growth of its sukuk book. 
Digital and analytics advancement 
Emirates Islamic aims to continue to play a leading role within the Islamic banking sector by introducing 
state-of-the-art digital solutions through the launch of digital account opening in branches for its retail 
segment customers, enhancement of digital platforms for wholesale and commercial customers as well as 
an upgrade of its core banking, data and analytics systems. Emirates Islamic is also focusing and will 
continue to focus on redefining customer experience in branches by rolling out video-based interactive 
teller machines and digital branches as well as investing in end-to-end digital sales and services 
infrastructure. In 2019, Emirates Islamic launched its first teller-less branch in Mirdiff City Center in Dubai. 
This branch caters to customers' cash-related and other transactions through a virtual teller which can be 
accessed through interactive teller machines installed at the branch. During the same year, Emirates Islamic 
also launched its "Chat Banking" services via WhatsApp and partnered with emaratech (a subsidiary of the 
Investment Corporation of Dubai) to enable individuals and businesses to make electronic payments for a 
range of government services via the noqodi payment gateway. 
Customer centricity 
A focus on customer experience is at the core of Emirates Islamic's strategy. Emirates Islamic is 
continuously working on re-engineering its key processes, improving critical customer journeys, and 
instilling a "customer first" mindset among its staff in its effort to deliver the best-in-class customer journey 
for its customers. Emirates Islamic seeks to implement this through a number of initiatives such as enhanced 
data quality and controls to eliminate back-office errors (a "first time right" approach), end-to-end processes 
with clear procedures and updates to customers, automation of service requests and utilising customer 
satisfaction as a key performance indicator across the organisation. 
Smart risk management 
Emirates Islamic continues to strengthen its control framework and reinforce strong standards of 
governance by proactive risk policy management, setting up market-leading risk and control infrastructure 
and practices and implementation of a risk-aware culture across the organisation. For instance, the Group 
has implemented an internal risk "datamart" as a single source of information for providing robust 
information and more efficient overview of the various financing relationships of a customer within the 
Group. Similarly, the Group has implemented early warning and credit monitoring systems to closely 
monitor early warning signs of stressed accounts. 
Enhance human capital strength 
Emirates Islamic considers its people as its strongest asset. Emirates Islamic will continue to strengthen 
organisational culture, promote agility and empowerment, invest in up-skilling of its staff, redesign 
organisation structure, roles and responsibilities, and invest in human capital tools that will support its 
strategic aspirations. Emirates Islamic remains committed to supporting the Central Bank's "Emiratisation" 
policy through various initiatives to increase Emirati participation in critical roles within the organisation 
(see further "Management and Employees – Employees"). 
In addition to the focus on its strategic agendas, Emirates Islamic has always endeavoured to support the 
community and those in need. As part of Emirates Islamic's commitment to the community, the Emirates 
Islamic Charity Fund provides financial aid to those in need, with a focus on food, shelter, health, education

--- Page 109 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
and social welfare contributions. In 2020, the Group contributed AED 78.0 million through the Emirates 
Islamic Charity Fund. 
Competitive Strengths 
Emirates Islamic enjoys a number of key competitive strengths, including the following: 
Support from the Holding Company Group 
Although Emirates Islamic is a separate legal and operating entity which has a great degree of autonomy in 
respect of its business, it also enjoys a high level of support from the Holding Company Group in relation 
to many support functions including human resources, IT, certain administrative services and back-office 
operations such as clearing and remittances. For instance, Emirates Islamic utilises the services of its sister 
companies in the Holding Company Group such as Tanfeeth LLC, a subsidiary of ENBD, which handles, 
amongst other things, Emirates Islamic's call centre and various back-office functions such as clearing, 
payment and remittance processing. 
Diversified distribution channels 
Emirates Islamic is able to distribute its products through a variety of channels, which include its network 
of branches, ATMs and cash deposit machines ("CDMs"), a direct sales force, the internet, phone and 
mobile banking and a call centre. In 2019, Emirates Islamic launched its first teller-less branch in Mirdiff 
City Centre in Dubai. Emirates Islamic has accounts with a diverse client base, which in turn creates 
opportunities to cross-sell its other products and services such as car and home financing facilities (see 
further "Description of the Group – Business of the Group"). 
Service quality 
Emirates Islamic considers service quality and quick response time to be the key differentiators in 
maintaining client and customer satisfaction, and loyalty. To this end, Emirates Islamic's employees are 
trained in client service techniques and new product and market developments. Emirates Islamic ensures 
continuous monitoring and improvement of customer services through a customer service working 
committee which meets monthly to monitor the implementation of various strategic initiatives designed to 
ensure continuous improvement of its service quality. As part of Emirates Islamic's commitment to 
customer service, it has appointed an independent service provider for reaching out to Emirates Islamic's 
growing customer base with a monthly customer satisfaction survey. In recognition of its focus on customer 
excellence, robust performance, and innovation in Islamic banking, Emirates Islamic was named "Best 
Islamic Bank in Customer Experience" by World Finance Islamic Finance Awards 2021.  
Ability to innovate 
Emirates Islamic has in the past benefited from various first-mover advantage through provision of unique 
and innovative products and service (see further "Description of the Group – Business of the Group – 
Consumer Banking and Wealth Management"). In recent years, Emirates Islamic has been looking at 
innovative products as well as digital and analytics advancement to deliver existing products and services 
more efficiently (see further "Description of the Group – Strategy – Digital and Analytics Advancement"). 
In recognition of its commitment to digital transformation and innovation, Emirates Islamic was awarded 
"Best Digital Innovation in Islamic Banking" at the 2021 MEA Finance Banking Technology Summit. 
Shariah compliance standards 
Emirates Islamic strives for Shariah compliance by offering all its products and services in strict conformity 
with the Shariah supervision parameters approved by the EI Shariah Committee (see further "Management 
and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee").  
To this end, Emirates Islamic has established an Internal Shariah Control department that supports the fatwa 
and supervisory functions of the EI Shariah Committee. 
Emirates Islamic has also established an Internal Shariah Audit department which is an independent, 
objective assurance and consulting team which works to monitor and improve Emirates Islamic's 
compliance to Islamic Shariah. The main objective of the Internal Shariah Audit department is to provide 
a reasonable assurance, in the form of an opinion, to the Board of Directors and the EI Shariah Committee

--- Page 110 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
on Emirates Islamic's adherence to Islamic Shariah. The Head of the Internal Shariah Audit department 
submits reports to the EI Shariah Committee and the BAC for the implementation of findings within their 
report and any follow up actions required. 
The Internal Shariah Control and Internal Shariah Audit departments are staffed with suitably skilled 
employees who ensure that Shariah rules and principles are applied to all new products and services. This 
helps to ensure that Emirates Islamic's reputation as a premier Islamic bank is maintained. 
Experienced and committed management 
Emirates Islamic aims at a high employee retention rate and a high proportion of Emirates Islamic's senior 
management team has been "home-grown" within the Holding Company Group. In addition, most of the 
senior management team has many years of experience with international and UAE banks (see further 
"Management and Employees"). 
Comprehensive human capital management 
Emirates Islamic considers its people as one of its most valuable resources. The Group's human resources 
department adopts a holistic approach in attracting, retaining, developing and engaging all of the Group's 
employees. In particular, a dedicated diversity and inclusion function has been established within the 
Group's human resources department to ensure continuous focus within the Group on creating an inclusive 
environment. Further, the learning and development function within the Group's human resources 
department focuses on providing comprehensive training to the Group's employees. Emirates Islamic 
believes that the continuous efforts and developmental programmes provided over the past years by 
Emirates Islamic have contributed to the high level of skill in the industry and have contributed to Emirates 
Islamic being seen as an industry leader (see further "Management and Employees – Employees – Learning 
and Development"). 
Strong IT base 
Emirates Islamic is focused on utilising the most advanced IT systems to secure the accounts of its 
customers and ensure that customers' data is well protected and secured against unauthorised access. 
Emirates Islamic also envisages the role of IT to be significant in ensuring that Emirates Islamic remains 
responsive and flexible to the competitive and dynamic forces of the environment within which it operates. 
Accordingly, Emirates Islamic continues to invest in IT to ensure that it is resourced in line with modern 
banking requirements. 
The mainframe of the IT system is centralised at the Holding Company Group level. Emirates Islamic 
regularly undertakes business process automation, consolidation of IT assets and continuous replacement 
of obsolete and redundant IT systems to ensure that Emirates Islamic's IT support infrastructure functions 
in an operationally productive and cost-efficient environment. 
Emirates Islamic's IT investment strategy is focused on continuously improving the cost efficiency and the 
quality of the services that Emirates Islamic provides to its customers. In 2020, Emirates Islamic completed 
the upgrade of its core banking IT system to have a single platform across the Holding Company Group. 
Emirates Islamic is currently implementing an end-to-end digital sourcing solution for front-end consumer 
banking which employs workflow technology with more robust control in respect of the various work-steps 
in Islamic finance processing and uses digital imaging technology to reduce the delays and inefficiencies 
in handling paper documents. 
Links with the community 
Emirates Islamic's philosophy has been to maintain strong links with the local community and it intends to 
continue to promote the positive development of society in the UAE. Emirates Islamic sees this as an 
important feature in maintaining its position as a premier Islamic bank. For example, it has been active in 
promoting Emiratisation and employing and training UAE nationals with a view to encouraging them to 
participate in and enhance the economy of the UAE. 
Emirates Islamic enjoys one of the highest Emiratisation levels in the UAE banking sector due to its 
innovative initiatives in attracting UAE nationals into the industry and as at 30 June 2021, 31 per cent. of 
Emirates Islamic's total employees were UAE nationals. Of these, 29 per cent. of such UAE nationals are 
in leadership and managerial roles across the Group. Over 54 per cent. of the Executive Committee (see

--- Page 111 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
"Management and Employees – Board Committees") members are UAE nationals and two of the members 
are Emirati women. Emirates Islamic's target is to further increase the Emirati representation in the mid to 
senior levels of its workforce. Emirates Islamic offers sponsorship contracts to Emirati university students 
who are allocated mentors to train them until the date of their graduation, whereupon they are hired by 
Emirates Islamic on a permanent basis. Emirates Islamic also hires UAE nationals with differing levels of 
education as trainees. Such trainees are trained in different departments and branches and attend training 
courses to improve their skills. Following the completion of the training period, these UAE national trainees 
are deployed into Emirates Islamic's different departments. As a consistent champion of Emiratisation in 
the banking sector, Emirates Islamic was the recipient of the "Human Resources Development" award in 
2019 by the Emirates Institute for Banking and Financial Studies. Emirates Islamic is also the "Official 
Islamic Banking Partner" for Expo 2021 Dubai. 
Competition 
In respect of its consumer banking and corporate banking divisions, Emirates Islamic's principal 
competitors include both banks that are locally incorporated (conventional and Islamic) as well as certain 
foreign banks operating in the UAE. The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional 
standards. As at 30 June 2021, 48 commercial banks (comprising 21 local banks and 27 foreign commercial 
banks) operated in the UAE (source: Statistical Bulletin June 2021 (preliminary data), Central Bank), 
serving a population estimated to be in the region of 9.8 million in 2020 (source: The World Bank).  
Emirates Islamic's key competitors are Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC and 
Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC in the Islamic banking sector as well as conventional banks such as Commercial 
Bank of Dubai PJSC, Mashreqbank psc and National Bank of Ras Al Khaimah PJSC (RAKBank), all of 
which are incorporated in the UAE (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations 
– Characteristics of the Banking System – Historic lack of consolidation"). Emirates Islamic's direct 
competitors also include those international banks which provide Islamic services, as well as the Islamic 
windows of various domestic and international banks. 
Emirates Islamic believes that Islamic banking is one of the fastest growing sectors in the finance industry 
and that it can continue to capitalise on its experience in the Islamic banking sector to participate in this 
growth and increase its market share. 
Business of the Group 
Business segments 
For financial reporting purposes, the Group's business activities are comprised of the following segments: 
 
corporate banking – represents the Group's products and services to corporates. As at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021, the corporate banking segment accounted for 27.7 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets for the period; 
 
consumer banking – represents the Group's products and services to individuals and SMEs. As at 
and for the six months ended 30 June 2021, the consumer banking segment accounted for 47.0 per 
cent. of the Group's total assets for the period; 
 
treasury – represents treasury activities of the Group such as managing the Group's portfolio of 
investments, funds management, interbank treasury operations and brokerage services. As at and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021, the treasury segment accounted for 24.7 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets for the period; and 
 
others – represents the Group's operations and support functions. 
For operations management purposes, the Group's activities are principally comprised of the following 
divisions: 
 
Consumer Banking and Wealth Management division – represents the Group's retail financing and 
deposits, commercial banking for SMEs, priority banking and wealth management operations; 
 
Wholesale Banking division – represents the Group's corporate banking, financial institutions, and 
structured finance and syndication operations; and

--- Page 112 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Treasury and Markets division – represents the Group's treasury and markets operations. 
Consumer Banking and Wealth Management 
Emirates Islamic's Consumer Banking and Wealth Management division ("CBWM") offers a complete 
range of Shariah-compliant retail and personal banking products and services (as detailed below) through 
its various distribution channels. In its wide-ranging offerings designed to meet the varied needs of its 
CBWM customers, Emirates Islamic has been at the forefront of innovation in its retail operations, 
including being: 
 
the first bank in the UAE to introduce a Shariah-compliant co-branded credit card in association 
with Emirates airline, with its "Skywards EIB" credit card (in 2008), as well as the first Dubai-
based bank to introduce a co-branded credit card with Etihad Airways (in 2019); 
 
the first Islamic bank in the UAE to offer a mobile banking application ("mobile app") (in 2014). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, this mobile app offers over 250 services to customers; 
 
the first Islamic bank in the UAE to offer all three digital wallets (Apple Pay, Google Pay and 
Samsung Pay) to its customers (in 2019); 
 
the first Islamic bank in the world to offer "Chat Banking" services via WhatsApp (in 2019); and 
 
the first Islamic bank in the UAE to offer dynamic currency conversion for visitors to the UAE 
using a non-UAE Visa card (in 2019). When making cash withdrawals using their Visa card at any 
Emirates Islamic ATM across the UAE, such customers will be able to view the exact conversion 
amount and fees in their home currency before making a cash withdrawal. 
Emirates Islamic aims to support these products and services with dedicated and quality customer service. 
According to internal management data, the CBWM division accounted for 78.6 per cent. of the Group's 
total operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (exhibiting a decrease of 1.4 per cent. 
compared to the six months ended 30 June 2020). 
Products and services 
Emirates Islamic's principal CBWM products and services include the following: 
 
priority banking – an exclusive service designed to meet the needs of affluent individuals. Priority 
banking customers enjoy personalised services and a wide range of benefits including dedicated 
relationship managers, priority centres, preferential pricing and a range of Shariah-compliant 
wealth management products; 
 
business banking – Emirates Islamic provides banking services to SMEs (identified in accordance 
with Central Bank guidelines), including financing, trade finance, foreign exchange and liabilities 
and cash management solutions with dedicated relationship managers and hubs within the branch 
network; 
 
current accounts – these accounts are transactional accounts with a checking option and debit card, 
online and phone banking facilities; 
 
savings accounts – various savings accounts that provide profits, prizes and other value added 
services targeted at various customer segments; 
 
investment time deposit accounts – these are accounts structured under the principles of mudaraba 
investment and offered in a variety of tenors ranging from three months to two years; 
 
debit cards – VISA debit cards; 
 
credit cards – Shariah-compliant VISA credit cards in various categories including platinum, gold, 
classic and the "Skywards EIB" credit card; 
 
Manzili home finance – providing Shariah-compliant home financing for purchase, transfer and

--- Page 113 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
cash release on freehold properties; 
 
BINA home finance – providing home financing to UAE nationals in respect of properties in areas 
eligible for purchase by UAE nationals only; 
 
auto finance – car financing (for new and used vehicles) based on murabaha financing. This also 
covers fleet and light, medium and heavy commercial vehicles; and 
 
personal finance – financing for a variety of personal needs in the form of investment murabaha, 
goods murabaha and service ijara. 
Distribution channels 
The CBWM division offers its products and services through its branches, ATMs and CDMs as well as 
through internet, phone and mobile banking. As at 30 June 2021: 
 
branches – Emirates Islamic operated a network of 41 branches located throughout the UAE, 
comprising 24 branches in Dubai, 8 branches in Abu Dhabi and Al Ain, 6 branches in Sharjah and 
3 branches in the remaining Emirates; 
 
ATMs and CDMs – Emirates Islamic operated a total of 179 ATMs and CDMs. Emirates Islamic's 
customers are also able to use ENBD's ATMs and CDMs for no additional fees which gives 
Emirates Islamic's customers access to a network of over 690 ATMs and CDMs across the UAE 
as at 30 June 2021. Emirates Islamic's customers can also use any ATM in the UAE through the 
"UAE Switch network" for a small fee for every withdrawal; and 
 
electronic banking – Emirates Islamic provides extensive electronic banking options to its 
customers including online and mobile banking (through SMS, mobile app and WhatsApp). 
Emirates Islamic's online and mobile banking technology platform is provided by the Holding 
Company Group and therefore Emirates Islamic has the benefit of a well-developed system that is 
tried, tested and resourced at the Holding Company Group level. 
Wholesale Banking 
Emirates Islamic's Wholesale Banking division provides a full-fledged value proposition consisting of 
working capital finance, trade finance, project finance, syndicate and structured finance, cash management 
and treasury services to large and mid-sized corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and government-
related entities.  
According to internal management data, the Wholesale Banking division (excluding the Treasury and 
Markets division) accounted for 21.5 per cent. of the Group's total operating income for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 (exhibiting a decrease of 2.1 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2020). 
The Wholesale Banking division is segmented into three key business units, namely corporate banking, 
structured finance and syndication and financial institutions. In addition, operationally, Emirates Islamic's 
Treasury and Markets division forms part of the Wholesale Banking division as well. 
Corporate banking 
Emirates Islamic is a leading player in the corporate banking segment in the UAE, offering customised 
Shariah-compliant financial solutions to cater to its clients' requirements. The corporate banking unit 
consists of specialist teams that deliver industry insight and tailored financial solutions to their large and 
mid-sized corporate clients. These solutions cover a wide suite of financial products and services, including: 
 
financing solutions – provision of short-term financing solutions to meet a client's working capital 
requirements (which includes procurement of raw materials, parts, supplies and other inventory 
assets) as well as long-term financing solutions to facilitate capital expenditure and expansion 
requirements of clients' businesses (which include among others, acquisition of property, plant and 
machinery and contract/project financing);

--- Page 114 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
trade and supply chain solutions – provision of a comprehensive product suite designed to meet 
business requirements pertaining to imports, exports and guarantee issuance to support both local 
and global business requirements; and 
 
transaction banking – provision of full-fledge cash management solutions via an electronic 
banking platform to facilitate customers' payments, collections and liquidity management in an 
efficient manner. 
The above products and services are provided through Shariah-compliant structures including murabaha, 
ijara, istisna'a, musharaka and mudaraba. Emirates Islamic's corporate banking customers consist of private 
sector customers, public sector customers and government bodies/agencies that operate in trade, 
manufacturing, real estate and other industries. 
Structured finance and syndication 
Emirates Islamic's structured finance and syndication unit provides bespoke structured financing and 
syndication financing solutions to customers. The unit also provides fee based services in the roles of 
arranger, investment agent, security agent and paying agent to Emirates Islamic's clients on syndications 
and sukuk financing transactions.  
Subject to credit and Shariah approval, Emirates Islamic's structured finance and syndication unit has the 
discretion to enter into a wide range of financing and investment opportunities and is often approached with 
a variety of external proposals. 
Financial institutions 
The financial institutions unit manages Emirates Islamic's overall relationships with financial institutions. 
Its principal functions include management of Emirates Islamic's sovereign and financial institutions limits 
and exposures, marketing of Emirates Islamic's products and services to financial institutions across the 
globe, facilitation of fund raising initiatives through sourcing of bilateral, club and market funding, and 
management of Emirates Islamic's correspondent banking relationships. 
Treasury and Markets 
Emirates Islamic's Treasury and Markets division offers a wide range of products and services to both 
corporate and individual clients, including foreign exchange products and services in the UAE for domestic, 
GCC and G10 currencies as well as multi-asset structuring and execution services. 
According to internal management data, the Treasury and Markets division accounted for 10.5 per cent. of 
the Group's total operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (exhibiting a decrease of 4.4 per 
cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2020). 
The Treasury and Markets division is segmented into four "desks", namely, sales and structuring, flow and 
execution, asset liability management and business management support. The key functions of these desks 
are: 
 
sales and structuring – this desk offers an extensive suite of products that caters to Emirates 
Islamic's wholesale banking, wealth management and retail client needs. The desk's coverage spans 
various asset classes with a special focus on foreign exchange and profit rate vanilla hedging 
although the desk also provides a wide range of derivative products specific to client requirements; 
 
flow and execution – this desk provides execution services to clients in relation to multiple Shariah 
approved asset classes such as foreign exchange, banknotes, equities, sukuk, third party funds and 
third party structured notes; 
 
asset liability management – this desk manages the Group's liquidity and foreign exchange position 
in accordance with the Group's risk management framework (see "Description of the Group – Risk 
Management"). This desk also manages the Group's nostros and interbank short to medium term 
funding and sukuk banking book and monitors the Group's regulatory requirements; and

--- Page 115 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
business management support – this desk performs a number of internal governance functions such 
as operational management of the Programme as well as policies, procedures, documentation and 
systems utilised by the Treasury and Markets division. 
In addition, the Treasury and Markets division is responsible for Emirates Islamic's overall long-term and 
short-term liquidity, guided by the overriding principle of prudent liquidity management in accordance with 
the policy set by the Holding Company Group and Emirates Islamic's Assets and Liabilities Committee 
("ALCO") (see further "Management and Employees – Board and Management Committees – Assets and 
Liabilities Committee"). 
The majority of Emirates Islamic's funding is provided by customer deposits and the interbank market is 
used for residual funding purposes. To mitigate future liquidity risks (for instance, risks associated with 
market events), the Treasury and Markets division adopts the Holding Company Group's liquidity buffer 
policy, which is designed to be of a size sufficient to deal with all foreseeable liquidity events. 
Subsidiaries 
As at 30 June 2021, Emirates Islamic had the following subsidiaries: 
 
EI Funding Limited – EI Funding Limited ("EIFL") was established in May 2014 and is 100 per 
cent. owned by Emirates Islamic. EIFL is a special purpose vehicle incorporated under the laws of 
the Cayman Islands and its principal activities comprise purchasing a portfolio of assets from 
Emirates Islamic through the issuance of certain liquidity instruments as consideration for such 
portfolio. These instruments are traded through an in-house platform; 
 
EI Sukuk Company Limited – the Trustee was established in June 2007 and is a Cayman Islands 
exempted company with limited liability. All of the issued share capital of the Trustee is held by 
the Share Trustee (see further "Description of the Trustee"). However, for financial reporting 
purposes, the Trustee is consolidated as a "special purpose entity" subsidiary of Emirates Islamic 
(see also Note 7(a)(ii) to the 2020 Financial Statements); and 
 
Emirates Islamic Financial Brokerage – Emirates Islamic Financial Brokerage ("EIFB") was 
established in April 2006 and is 100 per cent. owned by Emirates Islamic. EIFB provided Shariah-
compliant brokerage services to investors in the local stock markets which included both the Abu 
Dhabi Securities Market ("ADX") and the DFM. EIFB offered customers the opportunity to trade 
shares through dedicated brokers as well as online trading. EIFB offered a competitive fee structure, 
dedicated brokers, customer service representatives and trading rooms for high net worth 
individuals. On 30 September 2021, following an announcement from Emirates Islamic, EIFB 
closed its business and existing customers were offered the ability of moving their securities 
accounts to ENBD's subsidiary, Emirates NBD Securities LLC, which offers brokerage services. 
Response to COVID-19 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group implemented a series of relief measures to support its 
impacted customers. These included: (i) deferrals of profit/principal due, to provide short-term liquidity to 
address customer cash flow issues in conjunction with the Central Bank and the TESS; and (ii) rescheduling 
solutions with reduced equated monthly instalments.  
Additionally, in 2020 and 2021, following the movement restrictions and social distancing imposed, the 
Group effected certain branch closures, reduced staff attendance at the branches that continued to operate, 
and implemented working-from-home regimes.  
Risk Management 
The activities of the Group require continuous management of particular risks or combinations of risks. 
Risk management is the identification, analysis, evaluation and management of the factors that could 
adversely affect the Group's resources, operations and financial results. The main risk factors that affect the 
Group are market, liquidity, credit, operational and reputational risks. Emirates Islamic aims to manage the 
Group's exposure to these risks conservatively. For further information, please see Note 36 to the 2020 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 116 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Risk management framework 
Risk is managed proactively across the Group through a framework of principles, standards, policies, 
organisational structures, approval authorities, measurement, monitoring and control processes which 
incorporates well-defined risk identification, measurement and monitoring processes. This risk 
management framework is intended to ensure that major risks that could adversely affect the Group's 
resources, operations and financial results are identified, measured, aggregated, monitored and managed 
effectively. 
The Group operates a three-line defence risk management model wherein front office functions, support 
functions, risk management oversight and assurance roles are undertaken by functions that are independent 
of one another. 
Business units are the first line of defence and are responsible and accountable for on-going risk 
management that includes identifying, assessing and reporting such exposures, taking into account the 
Group's risk appetite and its policies and procedures and controls. 
Control units within business units, the risk management function and the compliance function are the 
second line of defence. These functions complement the business lines' risk activities through their 
monitoring and reporting responsibilities. Among other things, these functions are responsible for 
overseeing the Group's risk-taking activities and assessing risks and issues independently from the relevant 
business line. 
The internal audit function (including the Internal Shariah Audit department) is the third line of defence. 
Among other things, the independent internal audit function provides an impartial review and objective 
assurance on the quality and effectiveness of the Group's internal control system, the first and second lines 
of defence and the risk governance framework (see further "Description of the Group – Risk Management 
– Legal and Internal Audit – Internal audit"). 
Risk governance 
The risk governance structure of the Group ensures central oversight and control with clear accountability 
for and ownership of risk. 
The Board has the ultimate responsibility for setting the Group's risk appetite and for the establishment and 
oversight of the risk management framework. The Board is assisted by a number of board committees such 
as the Board Risk Committee (the "BRC"), the Board Audit Committee (the "BAC"), the Board Credit and 
Investment Committee (the "BCIC"), the Group's Executive Committee (the "EXCO"), the Management 
Credit Committee (the "MCC"), the Holding Company Group Risk Committee (the "GRC"), the ALCO 
and the EI Shariah Committee (see further "Management and Employees – Board and Management 
Committees") which, in turn, are assisted by the respective business and risk control units. 
On a day-to-day basis, the risk management framework is managed by the Group's risk management 
function ("Group Risk"), headed by the Chief Risk Officer. The Chief Risk Officer of the Holding 
Company Group has overall oversight of Group Risk. Group Risk is independent of the other business units 
and functions to ensure that the necessary balance in risk/return decisions is not compromised by pressures 
for better results in terms of revenues and to ensure transparency of decisions in accordance with the Group's 
standards and policies. Group Risk's primary role is to: 
 
ensure the risk management framework is effectively communicated and implemented across the 
Group and is appropriate to the Group's activities; 
 
exercise direct ownership for various risk types including but not limited to market, country, 
liquidity, credit, operational and reputational risks 
 
ensure that the Group's business strategies, risk policies, procedures and methodologies are 
consistent with the Group's risk appetite; 
 
ensure the integrity of the Group's risk/return decisions guaranteeing their transparency; and 
 
ensure that appropriate risk management architecture and systems are developed and implemented.

--- Page 117 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
Group Risk operates within the overall ambit of regulations governed by the Central Bank, in compliance 
with standards and guidelines issued by the EI Shariah Committee and in alignment with the Group's risk 
governance and risk management framework, the Group's strategy and the Board-approved risk appetite 
statement. 
The Group's risk appetite statement is an articulation of the risk that the Group would be willing to accept, 
underwrite and/or be exposed to in the normal course of its business conduct. It is a mechanism used by the 
Group to proactively establish and subsequently monitor the Group's risk profile using a set of predefined 
key risk metrics and respective thresholds. 
Market and treasury credit risk 
The Group is exposed to market and treasury credit risk from its client servicing and balance sheet 
management activities. Consistent with the Group's approach to strict compliance with Shariah rules and 
principles, the Group does not involve in speculative foreign exchange transactions. Accordingly, the 
principal factors affecting the Group's market risk exposure are equity risk, duration risk and credit spread 
risk. 
The Group's market risk is managed through risk limits sub-delegated by the Holding Company Group (i.e., 
the limits are approved for the Holding Company Group (including for the Group) by the Holding Company 
Group's assets and liabilities committee and sub-delegated to the Group's Treasury and Markets division). 
Liquidity risk 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk due to mismatches in the amount and timings of cash flows. The 
Group is exposed to liquidity risk through: (i) funding liquidity risk which is the risk that the Group will 
not be able to efficiently meet both expected and unexpected current and future cash flow and collateral 
needs without affecting either daily operations or the financial condition of the Group; and (ii) market 
liquidity risk which is the risk that the Group cannot easily offset or eliminate a position at the market price 
because of inadequate market depth or market disruption. 
The Group's liquidity risk is managed through its liquidity and funding management framework. The 
liquidity and funding management process includes: 
 
mis-match analysis between assets and liabilities for different periods with a focus on shorter time 
frames. These gap reports are based on contractual cash flow, retention and decay assumptions for 
non-maturing assets and liabilities and potential liquidity demand through undrawn commitments; 
 
monitoring balance sheet liquidity and financing receivables to deposits ratios against internal and 
regulatory requirements; 
 
maintaining a diverse range of funding sources with back-up facilities; 
 
projecting cash flows under various stress scenarios and considering the level of liquid assets 
necessary in relation thereto; 
 
maintaining financing plans; 
 
monitoring customer depositor concentration in order to avoid undue reliance on large individual 
depositors and ensure a satisfactory overall funding mix; and 
 
maintaining liquidity and funding contingency plans. These plans identify early indicators of 
distress conditions and describe actions to be taken in the event of difficulties arising from systemic 
or other crisis, while minimising adverse long-term implications for the business. 
The Group maintains a diversified funding base comprising core consumer and corporate customer deposits 
and institutional balances. This is augmented with wholesale funding and portfolios of highly liquid assets 
diversified by currency and maturity which are held to enable the Group to respond quickly and smoothly 
to unforeseen liquidity requirements.

--- Page 118 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk mainly from commercial and consumer financing receivables, and 
financing commitments arising from such financing and interbank activities. Credit risk can also arise from 
credit enhancement provided, such as Shariah-compliant credit derivatives (Shariah-compliant profit rate 
swaps), financial guarantees, letters of credit, endorsements and acceptances. The Group is also exposed to 
other credit risks arising from investments in financing securities and other exposures arising from its 
trading activities (trading exposures) including non-equity trading portfolio assets and Shariah-compliant 
derivatives as well as settlement balances with market counterparties and reverse repurchase agreements. 
The Group's credit policy focuses on core credit principles, financing guidelines and parameters, control 
and monitoring requirements, identification and management of high risk counterparties and provisioning. 
Standard procedures specific to businesses have been established to manage various types of risks across 
different business segments, products and portfolios. Portfolio performance is periodically measured 
against parameters set out in the risk appetite statement and breaches if any are presented to the GRC and 
the BRC for actioning and resolution. 
Credit risk measurement and grading 
The estimation of credit risk for risk management purposes is complex and requires use of models, as the 
exposure varies with changes in market conditions, credit worthiness of the counterparties, expected 
changes in expected cash inflows and the passage of time. The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of 
assets entails prospects of a recovery post the obligor going into default. The Group's credit risk strategy is 
focused on credit risk quantification using probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default 
(similar to the approach used for measuring ECL under IFRS 9) and credit risk management using various 
limits on concentration thresholds and credit risk mitigation by imposing credit covenants and collateral 
requirements on the obligors. 
The Group uses internal credit risk grading that reflects its assessment of the probability of default of 
individual counterparties. Obligor and financing receivable specific information collected at the time of 
application and at the time of each renewal, such as disposable income and level of collateral and turnover 
and industry type considerations is used as an input for the model. The credit grades are calibrated, such 
that the risk of default increases exponentially at each higher risk grade. For example, the difference in the 
probability of default between a 1A and 2A rating grade is lower than the difference in the probability of 
default between a 3A and 4A rating grade. 
The Group's rating scale comprises four rating grades for performing portfolios (1 to 4) and one rating grade 
(5) which is considered to be in default. Each rating grade is further broken down into five notches (a to e) 
to ensure sufficient granularity and credit differentiation. The Group's internal rating scale is also mapped 
with rating scales published by external rating agencies. The master scale assigns each rating category a 
specified range of probabilities of default, which is expected to be stable over time. The rating models are 
reviewed for re-calibration periodically so that they reflect the latest projections in the light of all actually 
observed defaults. 
For measuring impairment, the Group follows the IFRS 9 "three-stage" model for impairment which is 
based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition as set out below: 
 
Stage 1 – stage 1 includes financial instruments that have not had a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition or that have low credit risk at the reporting date. For these assets, a 
12-month ECL is recognised and profit revenue is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the 
asset (that is, without deduction for credit allowance). 12-month ECL is the expected credit loss 
that results from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. It is not 
the expected cash shortfalls over the 12-month period but the entire credit loss on an asset weighted 
by the probability that the loss will occur in the next 12 months; 
 
Stage 2 – stage 2 includes financial instruments that have experienced a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition but that do not have objective evidence of impairment. For these 
assets, lifetime ECL is recognised but profit income is still calculated on the gross carrying amount. 
Lifetime ECL is the expected credit loss that results from all possible default events over the 
expected life of the financial instrument; and

--- Page 119 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
Stage 3 – stage 3 includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the 
reporting date. For these assets, lifetime ECL is recognised and profit income is suspended due to 
the lower prospect of recovery. 
Credit risk management 
In respect of consumer banking credit risk management, the Group has a structured management framework 
which enables the Group to identify and evaluate the significance of all credit risks that the Group faces, 
which may have an adverse material impact on its financial position. In the consumer banking portfolio, 
losses stem from outright default due to inability or unwillingness of a customer to meet commitments in 
relation to funding transactions. The Group's provisioning policy, which is in line with the IFRS and 
applicable regulatory guidelines, allows the Group to prudently recognise impairment on its retail 
portfolios. 
In respect of wholesale banking credit risk management, credit facilities are granted based on the detailed 
credit risk assessment of the counterparty. The assessment considers amongst other things the purpose of 
the facility, sources of re-payment, prevailing and potential macro-economic factors, industry trends as well 
as customers' credit worthiness and standing within the industry. The credit facility administration process 
is undertaken by an independent function to ensure proper execution of all credit approvals, maintenance 
of documentation and proactive controls over maturities, expiry of limits and collaterals while operations 
are managed by independent units responsible for processing transactions in line with credit approvals and 
standard operating guidelines. The Group also has a well-defined process for identification of and 
effectively dealing with early alert, watch list and impaired non-performing financing receivables. 
Overall, the Group operates within prudential exposure ceilings set by the Board in line with applicable 
Central Bank guidelines. There are well laid out processes for exception management and escalation. The 
Group has adopted measures to diversify the exposures to various sectors. Diversification is achieved by 
limiting concentration through setting customer, industry and geographical limits. Risk transfer in the form 
of syndicated financings, risk participation agreements with other banks and sale of financings (in a 
Shariah-compliant manner) are globally accepted practices followed by the Group, where appropriate, to 
limit its exposure. Similarly, collaterals and guarantees are effectively used as mitigating tools by the 
Group, when necessary. 
Credit-impaired assets and write-offs 
The Group defines a financial instrument as in default, which is fully aligned with the definition of credit-
impaired, when it meets one or more of the following criteria: 
 
quantitative criteria – the obligor is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments; or 
 
qualitative criteria – the obligor meets the unlikeliness to pay criteria, which indicates that the 
obligor is in significant financial difficulty. These are instances like long-term forbearance, 
insolvency, bankruptcy etc. 
Financing and investment securities in wholesale banking are written-off (either partially or in full) when 
there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group has exhausted all legal 
and remedial efforts to recover from the customers. However, financial assets that are written-off could still 
be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group's procedures for recovery of amounts 
due. 
Non-performing consumer financing, except for mortgage facilities and home financing, are written-off at 
181 days past due. All receivables remain active on the finance management system for recovery and any 
legal strategy the Group may deem fit to use. 
Financial remedial and restructuring 
The financial remedial and restructuring function (the "FRR") reports directly into the Chief Risk Officer 
and is an additional line of defence for the Group. The FRR specialises in the restructuring and renegotiation 
of facilities to mitigate potential losses and is responsible for the management of high risk customers 
including all non-performing accounts. The FRR works closely with the relevant stakeholders (including 
direct contact with the counterparty) to find solutions. As a last resort, the FRR also initiates and manages 
the recovery of outstanding facilities through various means, including via litigation and debt collection

--- Page 120 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
agencies. The FRR also oversees the write-back of any recovered amounts and the write-off of balances 
where recovery was unsuccessful. The FRR is a part of the early alert committee and therefore has full 
visibility on potential high-risk customers. The FRR meets regularly and, as part of these meetings, senior 
management of the Group is apprised of and provides feedback on recent developments in the FRR 
portfolio. 
Capital adequacy 
The Group's total capital is calculated on the basis of the Basel III framework of the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") as prescribed by the Central Bank. For further information, 
please see "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking" and 
Note 35 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
The tiered components of the Group's regulatory capital comprise of: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") – CET1 capital is the highest quality form of capital, comprising 
share capital, share premium, legal, statutory and other reserves, fair value reserve, retained 
earnings, non-controlling interest after deductions for goodwill and intangibles and other 
regulatory adjustments relating to items that are included in equity but are treated differently for 
capital adequacy purposes under the Central Bank guidelines; 
 
Additional Tier 1 ("AT1") – AT1 capital comprises eligible non-common equity capital 
instruments; and 
 
Tier 2 ("T2") – T2 capital comprises qualifying subordinated debt and undisclosed reserve. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group was above the Central Bank imposed requirements, with a total capital 
adequacy ratio of 19.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital ratio of 18.4 per cent. and a CET1 ratio of 18.4 per cent. 
Operational risk 
The Group is exposed to operational risk due to inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human 
error or external events. This risk excludes strategic and reputation risks but includes legal risks (described 
as exposure to fines, penalties and punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private 
settlements), regulatory risks, and the risk arising from change initiatives. The Group has established an 
operational risk unit within Group Risk in order to institute and monitor the Group's operational risk policy. 
In line with the Group's three lines of defence model, the business and support units form the first line of 
defence and have the primary responsibility and accountability for identifying operational risk in their areas 
and to promptly mitigate any issues. The Group's operational risk unit is the second line of defence and 
provides consistent and standardised methods and tools to the Group's business and support functions for 
managing operational risks. The operational risk unit also provides analysis and reports in respect of 
operational risk monitoring and compliance to Board committees as well as to the Central Bank and the 
unit conducts independent oversight and monitoring of operational risks and mitigations measures. The 
Group's internal audit department is the third line of defence and provides independent assurance to the 
Board. 
As part of its operational risk management, the Group undertakes: 
 
insurance/takaful cover management – the Group liaises with the Holding Company Group's risk 
management function to obtain the necessary insurance/takaful to protect the Group against 
unexpected and unforeseeable losses; 
 
fraud management – focusing on investigation of fraud attempts against the Group, creating fraud 
awareness with stakeholders and identification and mitigation of fraud risks; 
 
whistle-blower protection – to protect employees for reporting any malpractices within the Group; 
 
cyber security management – to implement a comprehensive cyber-security framework in 
conjunction with the Holding Company Group's risk management function; and

--- Page 121 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
business continuity management – to identify potential threats and the impacts to business 
operations that those threats, if realised, might cause and to provide a framework for building 
organisational resilience with the capability for an effective response if such threats materialise. 
The Group's business continuity process is based on ISO22301:2012 (E). 
Regulatory/compliance risk 
Regulatory/compliance risk is the risk of reputational and/or financial losses due to the failure to comply 
with applicable laws, regulations or sanctions. 
The Group has an independent compliance function, with the necessary mandate and authority to enforce 
and monitor compliance on a Group-wide basis. This includes compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations across the various jurisdictions where the Group operates. Compliance policies covering key 
areas are applicable Group-wide and are supplemented where necessary to address any unique local 
requirements (see further "Description of the Group – Risk Management – Compliance policies"). These 
policies are supported by automated screening and monitoring systems and associated investigation teams 
to help comply with the relevant requirements. The Group undertakes independent compliance monitoring 
to provide assurance as to the effectiveness of controls. In addition, the Group provides mandatory 
compliance training to all relevant staff (both during on-boarding and periodically thereafter) to help ensure 
that key requirements are complied with. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk of potential loss of earnings and future revenue, loss in market value or lack of 
liquidity supply due to deterioration of reputation. It also includes the threat to the brand value of the Group 
as well as risks arising from non-compliance with the EI Shariah Committee's resolutions and fatwas while 
taking administrative decisions, products or executing financial products contracts. The Group has 
measures in place to ensure a positive perception of the Group and overall risk management ensures 
appropriate management of the Group's reputational risk. In particular, in respect of the Shariah non-
compliance risk, the Group has a permanent internal Shariah control department which evaluates existing 
and proposed solutions prior to presenting it to the EI Shariah Committee for approval. The Internal Shariah 
Control department also conducts a periodic audit to ensure compliance with Shariah principles and rules. 
Legal and internal audit 
Industry regulation and supervision 
Banking and financial institutions in the UAE are subject to governmental supervision and regulation 
exercised by the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority, the Central Bank and the competent local 
authority in the Emirate in which the institution is registered, which in Dubai is the Department of Economic 
Development. 
The principal source of banking regulation in the UAE is the Central Bank. The Central Bank provides 
prudential supervision of each bank's capital adequacy, liquidity and AML controls as well as its general 
banking activities (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations"). The Central 
Bank monitors compliance by way of regular inspections of banks and their records as well as through the 
requirement for regular submission of data including, but not limited to, deposited funds, financing and 
mortgage business, liquidity status and anti-money laundering measures. Emirates Islamic submits 
monthly, quarterly and annual reports to the Banking Supervision and Examination Department of the 
Central Bank. Emirates Islamic's memorandum and articles of association, audited financial statements, 
distribution of dividends and certain other documents are all required to be approved by the Central Bank. 
Additionally, Emirates Islamic operates under a commercial banking licence granted to it by the Central 
Bank to undertake Islamic banking activities. The licensing of Islamic banks requires the appointment of 
an internal Shariah supervision committee by such bank to ensure adherence to Shariah rules and principles 
in the banks' operations and contracts. Emirates Islamic complies with this requirement through the EI 
Shariah Committee (see further "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah 
Committee"). 
As a UAE company, Emirates Islamic is also subject to supervision and regulation at a corporate level by 
both the UAE Ministry of Economy and Planning and by the local regulatory authorities within each of the 
Emirates of the UAE in relation to branches located in those Emirates.

--- Page 122 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Internal audit 
Operating under a mandate from the Board, the Group's internal audit department provides internal auditing 
services across the Group. The Group Chief Audit Officer ("GCAO") is independent from the other 
operations of the Group and the internal audit department has a principal reporting line to the BAC (see 
further "Management and Employees – Board and Management Committees – Board Audit Committee"). 
Planned audit activities are subject to review and approval by the BAC, which also evaluates and approves 
the level of resources available to the internal audit department for such activities. 
The BAC meets four times annually to discuss the audit reports produced by the internal audit department 
and to discuss the status of management actions on any issues previously raised with the committee. In 
addition to these meetings, the GCAO has access to the Chairman of the BAC and the Chief Executive 
Officer as required. 
The primary objective of the internal audit department is to independently assess the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the control framework through which the activities of the Group are conducted. The internal 
audit department uses a risk-profiling methodology to assess the relative degree of risk in each of the 
auditable business units and for selecting the business activity to audit. BAC approval is obtained for the 
risk-based annual audit plan. 
The internal audit department is organised into specialist teams aligned with the Group's primary business 
and support areas and focuses on the employment of professionally qualified individuals with industry 
specific experience. Training requirements are identified annually and are delivered in coordination with 
the Holding Company Group's training centre as required. 
The internal audit department is itself subject to a review periodically by independent third party assessors 
appointed by the BAC. 
The types of audit assignments conducted by the internal audit department include: 
 
operational audits – these involve undertaking a comprehensive review of all business and support 
activities in order to provide an evaluation of the organisational structure in place to manage the 
business and the control processes adopted in the related functions, against management's control 
objectives, which ensure that activities are: (i) authorised, accord with all internal and external 
authorisation requirements and are conducted in an orderly and efficient manner; (ii) recorded and 
reported accurately and upon a timely basis; and (iii) protected from loss/misplacement, howsoever 
arising; 
 
IT audits – these involve appraising the internal control environment of automated information 
processing systems as well as evaluating the integrity, confidentiality and availability of IT systems 
generated information; and 
 
compliance audits – these involve the review of adherence to internal policies, plans, procedures, 
as well as laws and regulations in the countries where the Group operates (including applicable 
AML and KYC policies and procedures) (see further "Description of the Group – Compliance 
policies"). 
Compliance policies 
Emirates Islamic aspires to the highest standards of ethical conduct, transparency and compliance with the 
local and international laws, rules and regulations which govern its businesses. To support this, the Group 
has implemented a compliance framework that includes a range of policies, systems and controls. All 
employees of the Group are required to adhere to its compliance policies at all times and any breaches of 
which must be reported to the compliance function. The role of the compliance function is to identify, 
assess and monitor the compliance risks faced by the Group, to advise and report to senior management on 
these risks and to oversee the satisfaction of regulatory requirements by the Group. The Group's policy is 
that all applicable legal, statutory and regulatory obligations in force in the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates are to be met in full. 
The Group's compliance policies cover, amongst other areas, AML and CTF, sanctions, conflicts of interest 
and personal account dealing, compliance breach management and Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
("FATCA") and Common Reporting Standards ("CRS").

--- Page 123 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
All staff are required to be aware of the Group's policies and procedures, which are available to all staff 
through the intranet. In addition, the Group conducts specific and role-based training programmes for 
customer-facing staff. 
AML and CTF policies 
The Group's AML and CTF policies and procedures are aimed at ensuring that the Group is not being used 
for the purpose of laundering funds associated with drug trafficking, terrorism and other serious crimes. 
The Group's policy is to not establish relationships with customers whose transaction requirements gives 
rise to suspicions of involvement in money laundering activities. 
The Group has implemented detailed AML and CTF policies and procedures. The responsibility for 
implementation and monitoring adherence to the policies and procedures rests with the compliance 
department. 
As part of its AML and CTF policy, the Group conducts KYC and customer due diligence checks, which 
is mandatory for all new accounts. A customer profile is created at the time of account opening and is 
updated as customer circumstances change and develop during their time with the Group. Prospective 
customers are also required to provide key information regarding their identity, circumstances and expected 
transactions. The Group will terminate any customer relationship where the customer's conduct gives the 
Group reasonable cause to believe or suspect ongoing involvement with illegal activities. Any such 
termination follows reporting of the suspicion to the appropriate authorities and any further action by the 
Group is taken in consultation with the Central Bank. 
Emirates Islamic primarily replicates the Holding Company Group's compliance policies and all customers 
being considered for on-boarding undergo application of the defined "Client Risk Assessment Tool" 
("CRAT") and are subsequently categorised as low, medium, high, special, restricted or prohibited and 
subject to applicable controls/due diligence based on the risk associated. Keeping in view the trends and 
typologies, the CRAT undergoes ongoing/regular enhancements to cover the various risk dynamics and to 
accurately identify the risks associated with any client prior to establishing a relationship and to ensure 
adequate due diligence. In this regard, the Group follows a risk-based approach in line with the Central 
Bank requirements and international best practices. Related to this, the policy also mandates enhanced due 
diligence procedures as warranted based on the inherent risk rating of each customer (including politically 
exposed persons). 
Emirates Islamic's customer portfolio base is subject to regular/periodic (delta) screening through an 
automated solution/system against Group-approved lists, both from sanctions as well as watch-listing 
perspective. Emirates Islamic has appointed a designated Money Laundering Reporting Officer ("MLRO") 
who reports to the Head of Compliance. The MLRO is primarily responsible for the implementation of the 
Holding Company Group's policies and awareness across the Group. The MLRO also provides advisory 
support to the businesses in respect of AML and CTF related issues and queries. The MLRO is also 
accountable for implementation as well as continuing operation of the automated AML system and the 
definition of applicable detection scenarios in coordination with the Holding Company Group's compliance 
function. The MLRO also interfaces with the Central Bank's Financial Intelligence Unit as and when 
required. 
Sanctions policies 
Emirates Islamic has systems and controls in place to ensure compliance with international and local 
sanctions regulations prescribed by the relevant regulators and to monitor transactions against applicable 
sanctions requirements. Emirates Islamic uses automated systems to screen and monitor customers and 
transactions to help ensure compliance with key regulatory requirements. 
Conflicts of interest and personal account dealing policies 
As a licenced financial institution, Emirates Islamic fully acknowledges the importance associated with the 
implementation of appropriate arrangements to ensure that any conflicts of interest are managed fairly and 
in full compliance with the laws and regulations of all jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Emirates 
Islamic follows the Holding Company Group's conflicts of interest and personal account dealing policies 
to address the identification and management of any conflicts of interest that may arise in the conduct of its 
business activities to mitigate the risk of treating a customer(s) unfairly and therefore reduce the associated

--- Page 124 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
reputational risk. 
The conflicts of interest policy sets out Emirates Islamic's overriding principle and expectations for 
managing conflicts of interest, including the standards in relation to the establishment and maintenance of 
"information barriers". The personal account dealing policy sets out the framework and guidelines in 
relation to personal account dealing and the management of insider information to ensure that the personal 
investments of employees are free from any conflicts of interest. 
Compliance breach management policy 
Emirates Islamic is exposed to potential compliance failures as a result of regulatory changes, the nature of 
tasks involved, human error and system or process failure. The importance of what constitutes a regulatory 
compliance breach and the significance of reporting, remediating, recording and escalation to prevent the 
likelihood of a repeat instance has been disseminated to all business areas within the Group. 
FATCA and CRS policy 
Emirates Islamic is exposed to the FATCA broad extra-territorial reach which requires all non-U.S. foreign 
financial institutions to register with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, identify, document and report on 
accounts maintained by U.S. persons to the U.S. Inland Revenue Service or local regulatory bodies. 
Similarly CRS requires financial institutions operating in one or more of the 102 participating jurisdictions, 
such as Emirates Islamic, to identify and document tax residents of those jurisdictions and report these to 
the local regulators and tax authorities. Such local regulators and tax authorities may then exchange the 
information with the various jurisdictions on an annual basis. 
The FATCA and CRS policy sets out the minimum standards to be achieved and maintained by the Group 
(which should also be in accordance with local regulatory requirements). 
Information Technology 
Emirates Islamic's IT strategy is focused on providing reliable and accurate information systems to its 
customers and employees in a secure environment through the support of the IT department at the Holding 
Company Group level. The Holding Company Group's IT department oversees the system maintenance, 
testing, development and management for the Group and the Group's IT serves as a liaison with the Holding 
Company Group's IT department. 
Emirates Islamic has in place a wide range of banking software that has been developed for the Holding 
Company Group and re-engineered to suit Emirates Islamic's requirements. Emirates Islamic, in 
conjunction with the Holding Company Group, entered the final year of a four year, four-phased AED 1 
billion digital transformation in 2020 and this will continue until the end of 2021. This digital 
transformation has focused on enhancing the Holding Company Group's end-to-end IT capabilities across 
IT architecture, operations, governance, and security while enabling comprehensive data management and 
agile delivery of IT services, with the ultimate aim of creating a global digital innovation advantage for the 
Holding Company Group as it grows its international footprint.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the digital transformation has completed over 78 per cent. of its 
scheduled initiatives and achieved several major milestones, including developing and launching new 
products and services such as: (i) the "Enterprise Payment Hub" which consolidates the Holding Company 
Group's separate payment services into a unified platform enabling the Holding Company Group (including 
the Group) to process domestic and cross-border transactions across the jurisdictions in which it operates 
and in a variety of currencies; and (ii) upgraded core banking services for its UAE operations.  
Insurance/Takaful 
Emirates Islamic has various insurance/takaful policies in place, including directors and officers 
insurance/takaful, third party liability insurance/takaful and bankers blanket bond insurance/takaful. 
Emirates Islamic believes that these insurance policies provide it with comprehensive insurance/takaful 
coverage against the various risks to which it may be exposed.

--- Page 125 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Litigation commenced against banks is a reasonably common occurrence in the banking industry due to the 
nature of the business undertaken. Emirates Islamic has formal controls and policies for managing legal 
claims. In the event of defending a claim, once professional advice has been obtained and if it is deemed 
that Emirates Islamic may be at risk of losing a claim, the amount of potential loss is reasonably estimated. 
Emirates Islamic then makes adjustments to account for any adverse effects which the claim may have on 
its financial standing. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Emirates Islamic 
is aware) which may have a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Emirates Islamic 
or the Group.

--- Page 126 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Board of Directors 
The Group operates under the direction of the Board of Directors (the "Board"), which is comprised of 
seven members vested with the power to manage the Group and conduct its business in accordance with 
applicable law, constitutional documents and resolutions of the shareholders. The Board is elected as a body 
by the shareholders for a term of three years. The Board is fully responsible for the Group's performance 
and for reporting to the shareholders and decisions are taken by the Board in the sole interest of the Group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board is comprised of the persons set out in the following table. 
Name 
Position 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Al Qassim 
Chairman 
Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla 
Vice Chairman 
Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory 
Director 
Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al Shehi 
Director 
Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmed Abdulla Al Hussaini 
Director 
Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais 
Director 
Mr. Shayne Nelson 
Director 
 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Al Qassim was appointed as the Chairman of Emirates Islamic in September 2011. 
Mr. Al Qassim is also the Vice Chairman and Managing Director of ENBD, the Chairman of Emirates 
NBD S.A.E. (Egypt), the Chairman of DenizBank A.Ş., the Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
Wasl Asset Management Group, the Chairman of the Emirates Institute for Banking and Financial Studies, 
the Chairman of Dubai Sports Corporation and the Vice Chairman of Dubai Autism Centre. He is also a 
director on the boards of DIFC Investments LLC, Dubai International Financial Centre Authority, Emirates 
Telecommunications Corporation (Etisalat), International Humanitarian City, National General Insurance 
Co., The Human Resource Development Committee in the Banking and Financial Sector, Pakistan 
Telecommunication Company Limited and Pak Telecom Mobile Ltd. 
Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla was appointed as the Vice Chairman of Emirates Islamic in September 2011. 
Mr. Al Mulla is also the Chairman of American Hospital Dubai and Dubai Insurance Company PSC. He is 
also a director on the boards of Dubai Bank PJSC, Dubai Refreshments Company PJSC, Emaar Properties 
PJSC and ENBD. 
Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory was appointed as a director of Emirates Islamic in September 2011. Mr. 
Khoory is also the Chairman of Dubai Bank PJSC, Lycee Francais International, International Concept 
Education and Kent College Dubai and the Managing Director of Mir Hashim Khoory LLC. He is also a 
director on the boards of Dubai Real Estate Corporation (WASL), ENBD, Jebel Ali Cement Factory and 
MAHY Khoory Group. 
Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al Shehi was appointed as a director of Emirates Islamic in 
September 2011. Mr. Al Shehi is the Chairman of Emirates NBD Capital Limited and NAS Neuron Health 
Services LLC and a director on the boards of Dubai Bank PJSC, Dubai Real Estate Corporation (WASL), 
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Group (du), Emirates NBD Asset Management Ltd., ENBD (he 
also represents ENBD on the Board of Governors of the GCC Board Directors Institute) and Independent 
Health Information Technology Services LLC (inHealth). 
Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmed Abdulla Al Hussaini was appointed as a director of Emirates Islamic in 
September 2011. Mr. Al Hussaini is the Chairman of Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company 
(du) and the Vice Chairman of DenizBank A.Ş. He is also a director on the boards of Dubai Refreshments 
Company PJSC, Dubai Real Estate Corporation, Emaar Malls PJSC, Emirates Investment Authority (EIA) 
and ENBD. 
Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais was appointed as a director of Emirates Islamic in March 2013. Mr. Ali is 
the Chairman of Al Owais Group, Moderna Group LLC, United Can Company LLC and United Food

--- Page 127 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Company PJSC and the Vice Chairman of Dubai Refreshment Company PJSC and Modern Bakery. He is 
also a director on the boards of Dar Al Takaful, ENBD and Oman Refreshment Company. 
Mr. Shayne Nelson was appointed as a director of Emirates Islamic in December 2013. Mr. Nelson is the 
Chief Executive Officer of ENBD. He is also a director on the boards of Emirates NBD Capital Limited, 
Emirates NBD Capital PJSC, DenizBank A.Ş., the Internal Monetary Conference and Tanfeeth LLC. He is 
also a Founding Member of the Higher Colleges of Technology Industry Advisory Council, a member of 
the Advisory Board to the University of Wollongong (Dubai), a Graduate Member of the Australian 
Institute of Company Directors and an Associate Fellow of the Australian Institute of Managers. 
Business address and conflicts of interest 
The business address of Emirates Islamic's directors is 3rd Floor, Building 16, Dubai Health Care City, P.O. 
Box 6564, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
No member of the Board has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to Emirates 
Islamic and his private interests or other duties. 
Senior Management 
The day-to-day management of the Group is conducted by its senior management (the "Senior 
Management"). The Senior Management meets regularly to discuss the business strategy, business plans 
and performance, strategy and operation of the Group and submits its recommendation to the Board. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Management is comprised of the persons set out in the 
following table. 
Name 
Position 
Mr. Salah Amin 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Wasim Akhtar Saifi 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Banking and 
Wealth Management 
Mr. Mohammad Kamran Wajid 
Head of Wholesale Banking 
Mr. Suhail Bin Tarraf 
Chief Operating Officer 
Ms. Huda Sabil Abdulla 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Marwan Salem Abunawas Al Mheiri 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Group Head of 
Organisation Capability and Culture 
Dr. Abdulsalam Kilani 
Head of Internal Shariah Control 
Mr. Ebrahim Khalil Qayed 
Head of Treasury and Markets  
Mr. Salah Amin was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer in 2018. In this role, Mr. Amin is responsible 
for managing the overall operations of the Group, implementing the Group's vision and maximising 
stakeholder value. With over 31 years of banking experience, he started his career with the Holding 
Company Group in 1989. He has extensive experience across corporate clients and distribution 
management, creating and driving strategy on behalf of clients in several geographies and industries, and 
has worked in a number of senior managerial roles in the Holding Company Group (including as the head 
of various branches, the head of the corporate banking unit and as the Executive Vice President and Head 
of the Corporate Banking Group in ENBD). He is a member of the boards of several Holding Company 
Group companies (such as Emirates NBD Capital Limited). He is also a member of the boards of the Al 
Nasr Sports Club and National General Insurance Company. Mr. Amin holds a degree in business 
administration from American University (United States). 
Mr. Wasim Akhtar Saifi was appointed as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Banking and 
Wealth Management in 2017. In this role, Mr. Saifi leads the consumer banking, business banking, 
distribution and wealth management teams. With around 42 years of experience in banking, he is 
particularly experienced in the Islamic banking sector. Prior to joining Emirates Islamic, he held multiple 
management roles across a number of financial institutions (including as the Chief Executive Officer of 
Standard Chartered Bank in Sri Lanka, Chief Executive Officer and Global Head of Islamic Banking and 
Consumer Banking of Standard Chartered Saadiq Berhad in Malaysia and Head of Corporate Banking and 
Head of Retail Banking of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC). Mr. Saifi holds a bachelor's degree in Commerce

--- Page 128 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
from Mumbai University (India) and a master's degree in Business Administration from Rutgers University 
(United States). 
Mr. Mohammad Kamran Wajid was appointed as the Head of Wholesale Banking in 2019. In this role, 
Mr. Wajid leads Emirates Islamic's corporate banking, treasury, financial institutions, syndications and 
structured finance and transaction banking businesses. With over 27 years of experience in the UAE 
banking sector, he has worked with the Holding Company Group for over 19 years and, during this time, 
has held a number of senior management positions (including as the Chief Executive Officer of Emirates 
NBD Capital Limited, the Chief Executive Officer of Emirates Financial Services and the Group Head of 
International Wholesale Banking and Financial Institutions). Prior to joining the Holding Company Group, 
he worked with National Bank of Abu Dhabi PJSC (now part of First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC) and 
Mashreqbank psc. He also previously served as a board member of Emaar Industries and Investment JSC, 
Shuaa Capital psc and the Group Chief Executive Officer of Emerald Palace Group. Mr. Wajid holds a 
Master of Business Administration in Finance and Marketing from Aligarh University (India). 
Mr. Suhail Bin Tarraf was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer in 2017. In this role, Mr. Tarraf is 
responsible for Emirates Islamic's operational and IT functions as well as for leading Emirates Islamic's 
digital transformation strategy across products, processes and services. He has worked with the Holding 
Company Group for over 18 years and, during this time, has held various senior positions (including as the 
General Manager of Human Resources and the Chief Executive Officer of Tanfeeth LLC). Mr. Tarraf holds 
a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from American University (UAE) and a master's degree in 
Business Administration from International University (UAE). He has also completed a number of 
executive programmes, including the General Management programme at Harvard Business School, the 
Finance for Leaders programme at INSEAD Singapore, the Strategic Leadership programme at Hult 
Business School and the Human Resource Executive programme at Michigan Ross School of Business. 
Ms. Huda Sabil Abdulla was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer in 2019. In this role, Ms. Abdulla is 
responsible for the finance function and directs and controls Emirates Islamic's financial strategies, business 
objectives, budget and performance management. She has worked with the Holding Company Group for 
over 26 years (including as the Vice President of Business Performance at Emirates Islamic). Ms. Abdulla 
holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Ajman University (UAE) and is a qualified 
Certified Management Accountant (CMA) and Certified Islamic Professional Accountant (CIPA). 
Mr. Marwan Salem Abunawas Al Mheiri was appointed as the Chief Human Resources Officer in 2018 
and Group Head of Organisational Capability and Culture in 2021. In this role, Mr. Al Mheiri is responsible 
for managing and monitoring Emirates Islamic's human resource function. With over 20 years of experience 
in the banking sector, he has previously also served as the Head of Business Banking and the Head of 
Contracting, Real Estate and Government in Corporate Banking at Emirates Islamic. Mr. Al Mheiri holds 
a bachelor's degree in Organisational Management from Central Michigan University (United States) and 
is currently undertaking a master's degree in Law at the Sourbonne-Assas International Law School. Mr. 
Al Mheiri has also been awarded an Impactful Leadership Certificate from the Sheikh Mohammed Bin 
Rashid Center of Leadership Development.  
Dr. Abdulsalam Kilani was appointed as the Head of Internal Shariah Control in 2012. In this role, Dr. 
Kilani is responsible for Shariah supervision, structuring and advisory at Emirates Islamic. Prior to joining 
Emirates Islamic in 2012, he was the Head of Shariah in Dubai Bank PJSC. With over 14 years of 
experience in the Islamic banking sector, he has particular expertise in the establishment of Shariah 
governance structures, Shariah supervisory and audit functions, structuring Shariah-compliant solutions, 
and Shariah advisory, training and development. Dr. Kilani holds a bachelor's degree in Islamic Studies 
from the UAE University (UAE), an M.A. Degree in Fiqh from the American University (United Kingdom) 
and a PhD in Islamic Fiqh from the Scandinavian University (Norway). He is also one of the Founding 
Members of the UAE Stock Screening Committee of Islamic Banks for Shariah Screening of Equities and 
a member of the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions ("AAOFI") 
Shariah Standards Dubai Chapter. 
Mr. Ebrahim Khalil Qayed was appointed as the Head of Treasury and Markets in 2019. In this role, Mr. 
Qayed is responsible for managing the Group's liquidity and strategic balance sheet, providing treasury 
sales, structuring and execution solutions to business units within the Group and managing the Group's 
investment book. He started his career with the Holding Company Group in 2006 and, during his career, 
held various positions (including as a Branch Manager, Head of Flow and Execution Desk and Head of 
Treasury Sales and Structuring). He joined Emirates Islamic in 2012. Mr. Qayed holds a bachelor's degree

--- Page 129 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
in Information System from the University of Melbourne (Australia) and a master's degree in International 
Business from Monash University (Australia). He has also completed the Strategic Thinking and 
Leadership programme at Wharton School and the Leadership Development programme at Darden 
Business School. 
Business address and conflicts of interest 
The business address of the Senior Management is 3rd Floor, Building 16, Dubai Health Care City, P.O. 
Box 6564, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
No member of the Senior Management has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his or her 
duties to Emirates Islamic and his or her private interests or other duties. 
Board Committees 
To assist the Board in its oversight of the Group's operations, Emirates Islamic has established four board 
committees and seven management committees. 
Board Credit and Investment Committee 
The BCIC consists of six members who meet regularly to review the quality and performance of the credit 
and investment portfolio of the Group. The BCIC reviews and oversees the effectiveness of the Group's 
credit and investment risk strategy whilst taking into consideration the risk appetite of the Group. Among 
other things, the BCIC approves financing strategy and policies, establishes delegated financing authorities 
and evaluates credit and investment proposals. The BCIC meets weekly or periodically as and when 
required. In 2020, the BCIC met 41 times. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the BCIC members were: Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory (Chairman 
of BCIC), Mr. Hesham Abdulla Al Qassim, Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al Shehi, Mr. Mohamed 
Hadi Ahmad Abdulla Al Hussaini, Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais and Mr. Shayne Nelson. 
Board Audit Committee 
The BAC is responsible for reviewing all internal audit (including Shariah audit) and management 
compliance reports that are produced by the Group and providing direction to management on rectifying 
weaknesses or shortcomings highlighted in such reports. The BAC oversees and monitors all internal 
controls and systems in place for financial reporting and ensures legal and regulatory compliance on 
financial matters. The BAC is also responsible for receiving and reviewing management letters issued by 
external auditors and reports of regulatory bodies. Meetings of the BAC are attended by its members as 
well as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Other members of executive and senior 
management may attend by invitation. The BAC meets quarterly or periodically as and when required. In 
2020, the BAC met four times. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the BAC members were: Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al 
Shehi (Chairman), Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory, Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmad Abdulla Al Hussaini and 
Mr. Shayne Nelson. 
Board Risk Committee 
The BRC is authorised by, and regularly reports to, the Board in accordance with the functions and powers 
set out in the BRC's terms of reference. The BRC meets quarterly or periodically as and when required. In 
2020, the BRC met four times. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the BRC members were: Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais (Chairman), 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Al Qassim, Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla and Mr. Shayne Nelson. 
Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee ("BNRC") reviews and guides management on 
strategic human resource decisions relating to executive succession planning, nationalisation strategy, 
management appointments and remuneration policies. The BNRC ensures that human resource governance 
within the Group is implemented in a professional and efficient manner. The BNRC meets quarterly or

--- Page 130 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
periodically as and when required. In 2020, the BNRC met four times. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the BNRC members were: Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla (Chairman), 
Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmad Abdulla Al Hussaini, Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais and Mr. Shayne Nelson. 
Executive Committee 
The role of the EXCO is to collectively monitor the performance of the Group and make decisions within 
the authority limits delegated to it by the Board. The EXCO makes specific recommendations to the Board 
on decisions that fall outside its delegated authority limits, including day-to-day running of the Group, 
strategic growth of the Group and implementation of decisions by the Board. The EXCO is chaired by the 
Chief Executive Officer and comprises eight other executive members. The EXCO meets once every four 
weeks. 
Assets and Liabilities Committee 
The role of the ALCO is to monitor and report the Group's liquidity risk profile, market risk exposure 
(traded and non-traded) as well as capital adequacy. The ALCO is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer 
and comprises eight other executive members (including two executive members from ENBD). The ALCO 
meets once a month in the normal course of business and more often if needed. 
Management Credit Committee 
The role of the MCC is to provide guidance to management on the strategic objectives of the Group. It 
assesses, approves and recommends facilities, renewal of existing facilities, debt settlement and write-offs, 
impairments/provisioning and amendments to pricing and ratings, within predetermined parameters. The 
MCC is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (or the Head of Credit in the absence of the Chief Executive 
Officer) and comprises six other executive members. The MCC meets weekly. 
Management Investment Committee 
The role of the Management Investment Committee ("MIC") is to approve the Group's investments and 
ensure that an appropriate balance is achieved between risks and rewards. The MIC manages and monitors 
the Group's investment portfolio to ensure it conforms to the strategic vision of the Group. The MIC also 
supports in the reporting of the portfolio performance to the Board. The MIC is chaired by the Chief 
Executive Officer and comprises five other executive members. The MIC meets quarterly. 
Holding Company Group Risk Committee 
The role of the GRC is to approve all Holding Company Group-wide risk related policies, procedures, risk 
measurement and methodology (including in respect of the Group). The GRC is chaired by the Holding 
Company Group Chief Risk Officer (or the Holding Company Group Chief Executive Officer in the 
absence of the Holding Company Group Chief Risk Officer) and comprises seven other executive members 
(including the Group's Chief Executive Officer and the Group's Chief Risk Officer). The GRC meets at 
least six times in a year. 
Operational Risk Committee 
The role of the Operational Risk Committee ("ORC") is to review the Group's operational risks periodically 
and to monitor the effectiveness of existing controls to mitigate such risks. The ORC is chaired by the Chief 
Executive Officer and comprises the Chief Risk Officer as well as all business heads, support function 
heads and governance and control function heads. The ORC meets quarterly. 
EI Shariah Committee 
All transactions that Emirates Islamic undertakes and all products that it offers are strictly Shariah-
compliant. Emirates Islamic's objective is to provide the highest standards of Islamic finance and all 
Emirates Islamic's activities are supervised by the EI Shariah Committee. Before either the execution of a 
transaction or the launch of a new product, the terms of the transaction or the product (as applicable) are 
presented to the EI Shariah Committee for its approval. 
The EI Shariah Committee is an independent body of Shariah scholars that is appointed by the General

--- Page 131 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Assembly of Emirates Islamic. Its key task is to supervise the application of different aspects of Shariah 
within Emirates Islamic and to ensure (through the Internal Shariah Control department and Internal Shariah 
Audit department) that all transactions are undertaken in strict compliance with Shariah. The resolutions 
and pronouncements of the EI Shariah Committee are binding on the management and the directors of 
Emirates Islamic. The EI Shariah Committee meets periodically as and when required. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the EI Shariah Committee is comprised of the Shariah scholars set out in the following 
table. 
Name 
Position 
Dr. Mohamed Abdul Rahim Sultan Al Ulama 
Chairman and Executive Member 
Sheikh Essam Mohamed Ishaq 
Member 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
Member 
Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali 
Member 
Dr. Amin Fateh 
Member 
 
Dr. Mohamed Abdul Rahim Sultan Al Ulama is a professor of Islamic Studies in the Emirates College 
and Head of Research and Studies for the Dubai Quran Award. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he 
sits on the Shariah board and committees of several Islamic banks and institutions including Dubai Islamic 
Bank PJSC (UAE), Dar Al Takaful PJSC (UAE) and National Bonds Corporation PJSC (UAE). He holds 
a PhD in Shariah from Umm Al Qurah (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia). 
Sheikh Essam Mohamed Ishaq is a member of the HSA of the Central Bank. He also serves as the Deputy 
Chairman of the Governance and Ethics Board of AAOIFI and as a Member of the Supreme Council for 
Islamic Affairs in the Kingdom of Bahrain. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he is a chairman and 
member of the Shariah board and committees of several Islamic banks and institutions including Abu Dhabi 
Islamic Bank PJSC (UAE). He holds a bachelor's degree in Political Science from McGill University 
(Canada). 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari is a former Professor of Islamic Economic and a former director of the Center for 
Research in Islamic Economics at King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. He is a member of the 
Islamic Jurisprudence Academy of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and the Islamic Jurisprudence 
Academy of the Islamic World League, and a member of the Board of Trustees and a member of the Shariah 
counsel of AAOFI. He is also a member of the editorial board of several academic publications in the field 
of Islamic Finance and Jurisprudence. Dr. Elgari is a chairman and member of the Shariah boards of many 
Islamic banks and Takaful companies across the world. He has authored several books on Islamic finance 
and has published many articles on the subject both in Arabic and English. Dr. Elgari is also a frequent 
speaker in conferences worldwide. Dr. Elgari holds a PhD from the University of California. 
 
Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali is an assistant professor at the Department of Shariah and Islamic Studies at the College 
of Law at the United Arab Emirates University where he teaches courses on Islamic law and Islamic 
banking. Dr. Al-Ali was also formerly a part-time lecturer for the LLM programme at BPP Law School, 
London. He is a member of the internal Shariah supervisory committees of a number of financial institutions 
including HSBC Bank plc, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC and ENBD. He has participated in a number of 
international conferences on the law of Islamic finance, Islamic financial products and legal and regulatory 
aspects of developing Islamic financial markets, including conferences at Harvard University and the 
University of Cambridge. He also authored a book entitled 'Raising capital on sukuk markets: structural, 
legal and regulatory issues'. Dr. Al-Ali holds a PhD from the University of London.  
 
Dr. Amin Fateh is currently a member of many Shariah boards and committees in the UAE and across the 
world, including those of AAOIFI, ENBD, Salama Islamic Arab Insurance Company, Standard Chartered 
Bank and National Bank of Umm Al Quwain. He has over 23 years' experience in the Islamic banking 
industry and had led the Islamic Shariah advisory of Minhaj for over 10 years. Dr. Fateh has lectured on 
Islamic finance across the world and has also provided many training courses on the subject. He holds a 
bachelor's degree and a master's degree in honorable Hadith and a PhD in Islamic Studies.

--- Page 132 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group had a total of 1,393 employees, the majority of whom were full-time 
employees. Emirates Islamic has no history of industrial disputes and considers its relationship with its 
employees to be good. 
Learning and development 
Emirates Islamic treats learning and development as an integral part of staff development and business 
growth. Through an employee-centred and manager-supported approach that is aligned with the Group's 
strategy, the training function within the Group's human resources department provides targeted learning 
(role and grade specific) to the Group's employees, including leadership training. Such training covers a 
broad range of retail, corporate and Shariah based training as well as digital learning solutions and internal 
certification programmes to support key business priorities. In addition, various management, sales and 
service-based training sessions are provided to the appropriate staff members to encourage capability 
building and performance enhancement. Many external training courses and relevant conferences, seminars 
and workshops are facilitated which benefit the Group's staff. 
Remuneration policy 
Emirates Islamic provides a competitive total reward policy to attract, motivate and retain high calibre 
employees to drive performance and growth of the Group's business. The contractual pay consisting of base 
pay and job based allowances ensure that the pay levels are attractive. The variable pay scheme for 
employees, in the form of incentives and bonuses, is dependent on performance. Employees are also offered 
several benefits which are usual in the financial segment of the region, such as family medical 
insurance/takaful and termination benefits. 
UAE national pension fund 
All UAE nationals employed by the Group participate in the UAE Federal Government sponsored General 
Pension and Social Security Pension Scheme. The scheme enables members to achieve the maximum 
pension of 100 per cent. of their salary after 35 years of service. 
Emiratisation 
In 2017, the Central Bank introduced a point based system which encourages the development and 
deployment of UAE nationals in critical roles at a variety of levels through hiring, upskilling and job 
rotation initiatives. Emirates Islamic is committed to achieving the Central Bank "Emiratisation" targets 
and has implemented corresponding targets across all business and support units as well as specially 
designed programmes for UAE nationals. Since the implementation of the point based system in 2017, 
Emirates Islamic has consistently met and exceeded the annual targets set by the Central Bank. Emirates 
Islamic has exceeded the "Emiratisation" target set by the Central Bank in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Group employed approximately 430 UAE nationals as at 30 June 2021, with approximately 41 per 
cent. employed in critical roles as executives or managers. Emirates Islamic plans to continue to increase 
the percentage of employees, and in particular senior leadership employees, who are UAE nationals in line 
with the "Emiratisation" policy.

--- Page 133 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND REGULATIONS 
Summary 
With 48 commercial banks as at 30 June 2021 (comprising 21 local banks and 27 foreign commercial banks) 
operating in the UAE (source: Statistical Bulletin June 2021 (preliminary data), Central Bank), the UAE 
could be viewed as an over-banked market. Financial and insurance activities accounted for 11.6 per cent. 
and 9.7 per cent. of Dubai's GDP at constant prices for the first six months of 2020 and the year ended 31 
December 2019, respectively (source: Gross Domestic Product at Constant Prices, Dubai Statistics Centre). 
Within the UAE as a whole, the financial and insurance sector accounted for 8.2 per cent. and 7.9 per cent. 
of the UAE's GDP at constant prices for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 
2019, respectively (source: Constant GDP, National Account (Estimate), Federal Competitiveness and 
Statistics Authority). 
As a banking regulator, the Central Bank, established in 1980, has grown in stature over the years and is 
the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks operating in the UAE. The Central Bank 
monitors banks through its Banking Supervision Department while its Examination Division conducts 
periodic reviews of banks based on the risk profile of each bank (i.e., risk-based supervision examination). 
It also reviews all of the returns submitted by the banks to the Central Bank. This regulatory oversight also 
includes a granular scrutiny of all financial and non-financial returns filed with the Central Bank. 
Historically, the Central Bank does not act as a "lender of last resort". Instead, this role tends to fall on the 
individual Emirs of each Emirate. However, the introduction by the Central Bank in 2014 of the IMLF 
allows non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated or UAE Federal Government entity issued assets as 
collateral to access Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to help their liquidity management. 
Additionally, the Central Bank's extension of the spectrum of "Eligible Collateral" under the Collateralised 
Murabaha Facility allows Islamic banks to access central bank liquidity against collateral as is the case for 
conventional banks under the IMLF. 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
Exposure to the oil sector 
With much of the national economy directly or indirectly dependent on the oil sector, UAE banks are 
potentially vulnerable to business erosion during long periods of low oil prices (see further "Risk Factors 
– Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to 
its operations as a financial institution – Oil price volatility and future currency de-pegging could adversely 
impact the Group's net profit margins and financing costs" and "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to 
the UAE and the Middle East – The UAE's high dependence on oil revenues may adversely affect the 
Group's business"). In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity and government infrastructure 
investment. 
Dubai is not a large oil producer, with the mining and quarrying sector accounting for 1.8 per cent. and 1.5 
per cent. of Dubai's GDP at constant prices for the first six months of 2020 and the year ended 31 December 
2019, respectively (source: Gross Domestic Product at Constant Prices, Dubai Statistics Centre). However, 
mining and quarrying was one of the largest contributors to the UAE's GDP at constant prices, comprising 
29.1 per cent. of GDP for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively (source: 
Constant GDP, National Account (Estimate), Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority). However, 
non-oil sectors are gradually gaining ground and the UAE economy is becoming less susceptible to oil price 
movements. 
Historic lack of consolidation 
The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards. As at 30 June 2021, 48 
commercial banks (comprising 21 local banks and 27 foreign commercial banks) operated in the UAE 
(source: Statistical Bulletin June 2021 (preliminary data), Central Bank), serving a population estimated to 
be in the region of 9.8 million in 2020 (source: The World Bank). 
Historically, there has been little impetus for consolidation. The federal structure of the UAE has, to some 
extent, encouraged the fragmented nature of the banking sector, with the individual Emirates wishing to 
retain their own national banks. Rivalries between large local business families and a desire not to dilute 
shareholdings have also hampered the process of consolidation. The relatively small size of most UAE

--- Page 134 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
banks has occasionally hindered them from competing for large financing transactions in the region. It also 
means that they have comparatively small franchises with which to absorb capital costs, such as IT system 
development. 
However, in October 2007, the UAE's then second and fourth largest banks at the time, EBI and National 
Bank of Dubai PJSC merged to become Emirates NBD PJSC. In October 2010, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
took a controlling stake of 58.25 per cent. in Tamweel. In 2012, Emirates Islamic merged with Dubai Bank 
PJSC. The merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi PJSC and First Gulf Bank PJSC, which was 
consummated on 30 March 2017, stimulated further movement towards greater consolidation amongst the 
UAE banks. The merger of Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Union National Bank PJSC and Al Hilal 
Bank PJSC was completed in May 2019 while, in January 2020, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC announced the 
completion of its acquisition of Noor Bank PJSC. 
While such continued consolidation would reduce the level of concentration in the domestic banking sector, 
it could also likely lead to a significant alteration of the competitive environment with fewer, larger locally 
incorporated banks competing for the larger financing transactions in the region with the foreign banks 
(which have tended to have comparatively larger franchises) and enabling such local banks to have access 
to greater infrastructure and resources to absorb capital costs. 
Moreover, the UAE's membership of the World Trade Organisation will likely require greater economic 
liberalisation but it is unclear to what extent this will encourage foreign banks to further expand their 
presence in the market. In the long-term, however, it is likely to lead to increased competition, which should 
spur consolidation, both within the UAE and across the region generally. 
Domestic focus 
Although UAE-incorporated banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market, some have small 
operations overseas and are showing growing interest in cross-border business, a trend which is likely to 
continue in the event of further merger activity in the sector. 
With a large number of banks competing for a limited number of wholesale lending opportunities, most 
banks historically turned to retail banking which was a previously untapped market. However, increasing 
competition in this area has gradually eroded margins and encouraged a relaxation of lending criteria. As 
the market has been tested only to a limited extent under adverse conditions, it is difficult to predict the 
future likelihood of asset quality problems. 
Expansion of retail operations has required heavy investment in distribution channels, particularly ATM 
networks, kiosks and telephone and internet banking services. As a consequence, IT costs have been a 
prominent feature of many UAE banks' expenses. 
Limited foreign ownership 
In 1987, the UAE Federal Government placed a freeze on new foreign banks opening operations in the 
UAE. At the same time, existing foreign banks were limited to a maximum of eight branches, which 
restricted their ability to develop any retail potential. However, three banks with a GCC state origin (i.e., 
the National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P., Samba Financial Group and Doha Bank (Q.P.S.C.)) were awarded 
licences by the Central Bank following an agreement to permit market access to banks of GCC state origin 
in line with continuing efforts for regional integration. 
During 2002, the Government issued a decree establishing the DIFC. The DIFC, located in Dubai, is a free 
trade zone and financial services centre focusing on private banking, asset management, investment 
banking, re-insurance activities, Islamic finance, securities trading and back-office operations. The DIFC 
has its own civil and commercial laws and has been granted authority to self-legislate in civil and 
commercial cases. The opening of the DIFC has enabled international banks to establish a presence and 
compete in the wholesale banking market and this has seen new entities entering the market place. In 2013, 
the Government of Abu Dhabi sought to replicate the success of the DIFC by announcing its intention to 
establish the Abu Dhabi Global Market in Abu Dhabi (the "ADGM"), as an international financial free 
zone with its own legal framework (closely based on English common law). The ADGM became 
operational in mid-2015 and as at 31 December 2020 had 2,932 registered entities.  
The 2018 Federal Law amended the minimum permissible shareholding by UAE nationals in UAE banks 
to 60 per cent.

--- Page 135 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
Islamic banking 
Shariah (Islamic) law forbids the charging of interest on any financial transaction. A number of banks have 
emerged to serve customers who wish to observe this principle. These institutions offer a range of products 
which, whilst broadly corresponding with conventional banking transactions, are structured in a way which 
is in compliance with Shariah rules and principles and avoids the application of interest. The UAE is home 
to numerous institutions offering Islamic banking and financial products, including Abu Dhabi Islamic 
Bank PJSC, Ajman Bank PJSC, Amlak Finance, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, Dubai Islamic Insurance & 
Reinsurance Company (AMAN), Emirates Islamic, Islamic Arab Insurance Co. (PSC) (Salama), Sharjah 
Islamic Bank PJSC and Tamweel. The number of Islamic banks continues to increase, with both new 
entrants to the market and existing conventional banks recasting themselves as Islamic banks. In addition, 
conventional financial institutions often offer Shariah-compliant products. 
The 2018 Federal Law requires financial institutions licenced by the Central Bank to operate their business 
activities in compliance with the rules, standards and general principles established by the HSA and, in 
certain circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the consent of the HAS before 
undertaking certain licenced financial activities. The fatwas and opinions issued by the HSA are binding 
on internal Shariah supervisory committees of Islamic banks in the UAE. 
In May 2018, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority issued Chairman Decision No. 20/R.M. of 
2018 on the Offering or Issuance of Islamic Securities (the "ISRs"), in order to add an additional layer of 
disclosure and transparency to the UAE's sukuk market and strengthen investor protection. The ISRs apply 
to: (i) domestic issuers of Shariah-compliant securities seeking to offer those securities either within or 
outside the UAE; and (ii) foreign issuers of certain Shariah-compliant securities seeking to offer those 
securities into the UAE. The ISRs outline a number of key disclosure requirements that must be included 
in the offering document, a number of specific requirements in respect of the fatwa as well as the continuing 
obligations that apply to Shariah-compliant securities, including the provision of an annual Shariah report. 
Supervision of banks 
The Central Bank's primary roles are to formulate and implement banking, credit, monetary and fiscal 
policy and to be responsible for ensuring price and currency stability with free convertibility to foreign 
currencies. It is also the "bank for banks" within the UAE, although it is not the "lender of last resort". In 
the event of a bank experiencing financial difficulties or a solvency crisis, rescue funds – such as long-term 
liquidity or equity support – have historically come from the Emirate in which the institution is based. 
However, in the event of a run on the currency or a major banking crisis, it is likely that the UAE Federal 
Government would ultimately stand as de facto defender of the currency and the "lender of last resort" (see 
also "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS"). 
In 2018, the UAE Federal Government published the 2018 Federal Law replacing Union Law No. 10 of 
1980. The 2018 Federal Law grants the Central Bank powers to: 
 
draw up and implement monetary policy; 
 
exercise currency issuance; 
 
organise licenced financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on, and determine 
the standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance with the 
provisions of the 2018 Federal Law and international standards; 
 
set up appropriate regulations and standards for protection of customers of licenced financial 
institutions; 
 
monitor the credit condition in the UAE, in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced 
growth in the national economy; 
 
manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the 
monetary base as per the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law; and 
 
regulate, develop, oversee and maintain soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the 
UAE.

--- Page 136 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Historically, income from overseas investments has been used to fund fiscal deficits, obviating the need for 
the Central Bank to issue government debt. However, the Central Bank does issue CDs to UAE banks, 
denominated in both U.S. dollars and UAE dirhams, in order to absorb excess liquidity rather than to meet 
a specific funding need. There is presently no active secondary market in these securities but they can be 
redeemed at face value at the Central Bank at any time. In 2007, the Central Bank introduced an auction 
system which allows U.S. dollar drawings against UAE dirham CD holdings. In respect of Shariah-
compliant CDs based on murabahas, commercial banks in the UAE are required to comply with Central 
Bank Notice No. 5802/2010 concerning Shariah-compliant Certificates of Deposit guidelines. The Central 
Bank has also issued guidelines for collateral management under the Central Bank's Collateralised 
Murabaha Facility (effective from 1 April 2015) (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector 
and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – Liquidity – Collateralised Murabaha Facility"). 
The UAE dirham is linked to the International Monetary Fund's Special Drawing Right. However, the U.S. 
dollar is the intervention currency and, in practice, the UAE dirham is pegged to the U.S. dollar. This 
pegged exchange rate has been in place since the 1980s and has proved to be resilient both to political 
tensions in the region and to fluctuations in oil prices. 
The Central Bank is also responsible for regulating financial institutions in relation to money laundering 
controls and enforcing Central Bank Notice No. 74/2019 concerning Procedures for Anti-Money 
Laundering, Central Bank Notice No. 79/2019 concerning standards on Anti-Money Laundering and 
Federal Decree Law No. 20 of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
and Financing of Illegal Organisations. The Central Bank has established a Financial Intelligence Unit and 
has launched an online filing system which provides an enhanced AML reporting mechanism. In addition, 
the Central Bank has issued a number of detailed regulatory instructions in respect of AML and procedures. 
The UAE further strengthened its legal authority to combat terrorism and terrorist financing by passing 
Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 on Combating Terrorism Offences, which provided for the establishment of a 
National Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing Terrorism Committee. The Central Bank has also 
updated its National Risk Assessment for 2019 on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (with the 
updated assessment being posted on the Central Bank's reporting portal). This update explains the 
methodology applied to assess inherent money laundering and terrorist financing risks in the UAE, the 
process for such assessment and the results. Financial institutions must ensure full awareness in respect of 
the updated assessment and must designate employees for ensuring compliance with AML and CTF 
requirements in the UAE as well as to take necessary steps to include the results of internal AML and CTF 
risks assessments within relevant reports to the Central Bank. 
Although the Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment companies 
and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all banking 
and financial services activities in the DIFC while the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority 
regulates activity in the financial services sector in the ADGM. The Central Bank has also been growing in 
stature as a banking supervisor. However, it is hampered in its role by the level of legal autonomy afforded 
to the individual Emirates, which at times makes it difficult to enforce directives uniformly across the 
banking sector. 
Government involvement 
There is a high degree of state involvement in the UAE banking sector. Most of the larger banks in the UAE 
have some degree of government ownership. Privatisation, though advocated in principle, has been slow to 
manifest in practice. The state and its related entities are together the banking sector's largest customers, in 
terms of both deposits and project financing. 
Expatriate workforce 
The UAE is reliant on overseas labour, with the non-national labour force participation rate being 83.3 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 (compared to the national labour force participation rate of 47.6 
per cent.) (source: Labour Force Survey, Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority). The banking 
sector is no exception to this and expatriates are employed in senior management of most of the major 
banks. This has brought expertise from more developed markets to the sector. However, to ensure increased 
representation of Emiratis in the UAE financial sector (overall as well as in critical roles) and to support 
their professional development, the Central Bank has introduced a point based scoring system in 2017 as 
part of its Emiratisation policy, which takes into account the employment and progression of Emirati

--- Page 137 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
employees in the organisation in order to encourage the development and deployment of UAE nationals in 
critical roles at a variety of levels. 
Accounting standards 
Since 1 January 1999, all UAE banks have been required to prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS. Although this has led to a substantial improvement in disclosure standards, there remains some 
variability in the quality and depth of disclosure across the banking sector. 
Legal environment 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE: (i) federal laws and decrees; (ii) local laws; and (iii) 
Shariah (Islamic) law. In addition, Emiri decrees can be issued by the Rulers of each of the Emirates which, 
when issued, have full legal effect and operation in such Emirate. The secondary form of law is trade custom 
or practice. In the absence of federal legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler 
of a given Emirate or local government will apply his or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
Recent Trends in Banking 
COVID-19 
In 2020, the macro-economic environment (both globally and within the UAE) was materially affected by 
the COVID-19 outbreak and continues to be affected as at the date of this Base Prospectus. As a result of 
the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak, credit quality may deteriorate quickly and 
in excess of existing models for ECL, markets may be highly volatile and there may be a significant drop 
in overall liquidity levels globally. Although the Central Bank has taken a number of steps to minimise 
such impact, there can be no assurance as to whether or how quickly the macro-economic environment will 
recover. Further, such measures may also affect the banking sector adversely. For further information, 
please see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed 
to market risks due to its operations as a financial institution – The Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely affected by changes in the macro-economic 
environment following the COVID-19 outbreak" and "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and 
Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS". 
In addition to such measures, the HSA issued Resolution No.82/2/2020 concerning COVID-19, and in May 
2020, a Joint Guidance on the Treatment of Financial Crime Risks and Obligations in the UAE in the 
context of the Covid-19 Crisis was issued by the Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the 
ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority, the 
Insurance Authority, the UAE Ministry of Justice and the UAE Ministry of Economy. The purpose of this 
joint guidance is to work with financial institutions and designated non-financial businesses and professions 
to support the provision of COVID-19 aid and containment efforts whilst remaining vigilant to new and 
emerging financial crime risks. 
TESS 
On 1 March 2020, the Central Bank issued a circular advising banks to implement measures to mitigate the 
effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the UAE economy. These measures include re-scheduling of loan 
and financing contracts, temporary deferrals on monthly loan and financing payments and reduction of fees 
and commissions for affected customers (although banks are expected to remain fully responsible for their 
credit decisions). Following this, the Central Bank announced a stimulus package of AED 100.0 billion 
through the TESS (effective from 15 March 2020) to ensure ample liquidity in the local banking sector and 
in order to support the economy. Measures under the TESS and other accompanying stimulus measures 
include (in addition to the reduction of interest rates as discussed in "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating 
to the Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to market risks due to its operations as a financial 
institution – The Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be 
materially adversely affected by changes in the macro-economic environment following the COVID-19 
outbreak"): 
 
allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans, financings and advances, against collateral, 
extended at zero cost by the Central Bank until 30 June 2022, the proceeds of which are to be used 
by UAE banks to grant temporary relief to private sector corporate customers and retail clients;

--- Page 138 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
reducing the capital conservation buffer by 3 per cent. and reducing the domestic systematically 
important bank buffer by 1.5 per cent. until 31 December 2021;  
 
allowing banks that are subject to regulatory liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR") requirements to 
fall below the regulatory LCR requirement of 100 per cent. provided that their LCR is higher than 
or equal to 70 per cent, while other banks are able to fall below the regulatory eligible liquid assets 
ratio (the "ELAR") requirement of 10 per cent., provided that their ELAR is higher than or equal 
to 7 per cent., with such changes to the LCR and ELAR applicable until 31 December 2021, subject 
to having fully utilised the limit available under the zero cost facility of the TESS; 
 
directing banks to offer payment deferral relief to private sector corporates, SMEs and individuals 
affected by COVID-19; 
 
expecting banks to leave unchanged and not downgrade the IFRS 9 staging and classification of 
customers at stage 1 who are receiving temporary relief linked to the TESS; 
 
decreasing the Central Bank's minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings 
deposits from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.; 
 
administering a gradual implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements from 31 March 
2021 to 31 March 2022; and 
 
allowing banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter 
will allow any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially 
added back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over 
a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
Profitability 
The UAE continues to strive towards increasing economic diversification away from the oil and gas sector. 
Nevertheless, with the oil and gas sector being a significant contributor to the UAE's GDP (see further "The 
United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Characteristics of the Banking System – Exposure 
to the oil sector"), the price of oil has a direct impact on government fiscal revenues and the level of 
investment in government projects. 
The high oil prices and strong economic conditions experienced in the UAE between 2004 and 2008 
allowed UAE banks to expand significantly. However, much of this growth focused on the real estate sector 
and equity financing which, in the context of the 2008 global financial crisis, represented a significant risk 
to the UAE banking system. During 2008 to 2010, a number of banks were also affected by the impact of 
mark to market accounting rules on their international investment portfolios. Additionally, the UAE 
economy was negatively impacted by the 2008 global economic downturn and, in particular, by the sharp 
correction in the price of oil, which affected a number of key economic sectors including trade, tourism, 
real estate and commerce. This economic slowdown, along with reduced levels of liquidity in the market, 
constrained lending and resulted in the majority of UAE banks being less profitable in this period than in 
previous years. 
With the improvement in global and regional economic growth, better liquidity conditions and higher 
foreign direct investment, the banking sector in the UAE had recovered well by the end of 2019 and 
continued to generate profits, albeit at a more moderate and sustainable pace. Regulatory developments and 
increased compliance requirements also moderated growth in the profitability of the UAE banking sector. 
In 2020, the macro-economic environment (both globally and within the UAE) was materially affected by 
the COVID-19 outbreak (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent 
Trends in Banking – COVID-19") with global GDP contracting by 4.3 per cent (source: The World Bank) 
and UAE GDP estimated to have contracted by 5.8 per cent. (source: Central Bank, Annual Report 2020). 
However, global GDP is expected to grow by 6.0 per cent. in 2021 (source: IMF) and the Central Bank 
expects UAE real GDP to grow by 2.4 per cent. in 2021 (source: Central Bank, Annual Report 2020).

--- Page 139 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
Liquidity 
The Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that banks 
have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as contingency 
funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum financings/loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the Central 
Bank. In this context, "loans" comprise financings/loans and advances to customers and interbank assets 
maturing after three months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand- or time-based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies based in the UAE. As at 30 June 2021, demand- and time-based 
deposits constituted 84.9 per cent. of total deposits of the UAE banking sector (excluding government 
deposits, commercial prepayments and borrowings/funding under repurchase agreements), resident 
deposits constituted 88.2 per cent. of total deposits of the UAE banking sector (excluding interbank deposits 
and bank drafts but including commercial prepayments and borrowings/funding under repurchase 
agreements) and government and government-related entity deposits constituted approximately 30.2 per 
cent. of total resident deposits within the UAE banking sector (excluding interbank deposits but including 
commercial prepayments and borrowings/funding under repurchase agreements) (source: Statistical 
Bulletin June 2021 (preliminary data), Central Bank). 
In response to the 2008 global financial crisis, the Central Bank announced a number of measures aimed at 
ensuring that adequate liquidity is available to banks operating in the UAE. In September 2008, the Central 
Bank established an AED 50.0 billion liquidity facility which banks can draw upon subject to posting 
eligible debt securities as collateral. The liquidity facility is available only for the purpose of funding 
existing commitments. New lending/financing is required to be based on growth in the customer deposit 
base. The Central Bank also established a CD repurchase facility under which banks can use CDs as 
collateral for dirham or U.S. dollar funding from the Central Bank. 
In addition to these measures, the UAE Federal Government also provided AED 50.0 billion in deposits to 
UAE banks (as part of a larger AED 70.0 billion package) which, at the option of the banks, can be 
converted into Tier 2 capital in order to enhance capital adequacy ratios. A number of banks in the UAE 
exercised this option and converted the UAE Federal Government deposits made with them into Tier 2 
capital. Further, banks can access funds through the IMLF. 
During 2008, Government-owned institutions assisted certain Abu Dhabi banks in strengthening their 
capital base through the subscription of mandatory convertible securities and, in February 2009, the 
Government of Abu Dhabi (acting through the Department of Finance) subscribed for, in aggregate, a sum 
of AED 16.0 billion in subordinated Tier 1 capital notes issued by the five largest Abu Dhabi banks: Abu 
Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, First Gulf Bank PJSC (now First Abu 
Dhabi Bank PJSC following its merger with National Bank of Abu Dhabi PJSC), National Bank of Abu 
Dhabi PJSC (now First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC following its merger with First Gulf Bank PJSC) and Union 
National Bank PJSC. 
In 2009, the Department of Finance of the UAE Federal Government established a U.S.$20.0 billion 
funding programme and the first tranche, valued at U.S.$10.0 billion with a five year tenure and paying a 
coupon rate of four per cent. per annum, was issued in its entirety to the Central Bank. In November 2009, 
a second U.S.$5.0 billion tranche was fully subscribed equally by Al Hilal Bank PJSC and National Bank 
of Abu Dhabi PJSC. 
In line with Basel III requirements, the Central Bank has issued Central Bank Notice No. 33/2015 on 
liquidity requirements (which was issued by the Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which was effective 
from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) (the "Liquidity Notice"). The Liquidity 
Notices includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks. The qualitative 
requirements elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank's board of directors and senior management 
as well as the overall liquidity risk management framework. These regulations are intended to ensure that 
liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and are in line with the Basel Committee's 
recommendations and international best practices. These requirements include the following:

--- Page 140 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
Responsibilities of the board of directors 
 
to bear ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management within the relevant UAE bank; 
 
to be familiar with liquidity risk management with at least one board member having a detailed 
understanding of liquidity risk management; and 
 
to ensure the clear articulation of liquidity risk tolerance in line with the relevant UAE bank's 
objectives, strategy and risk appetite. 
Responsibilities of senior management 
 
to develop strategies, policies and practices to manage liquidity risk in accordance with the 
liquidity risk tolerance set by the board of directors; 
 
to review the UAE bank's strategy and to report to the board of directors on regulatory compliance 
on a regular basis; and 
 
to manage liquidity risk in a prudent manner using all available liquidity risk management tools. 
Liquidity risk management framework 
The Liquidity Notice requires each UAE bank to have a robust liquidity risk management framework which 
comprises the following elements: 
 
sound processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk in a timely 
and accurate manner; 
 
a robust liquidity risk management framework (which must be shared with the Central Bank upon 
request) with limits, warning indicators, communication and escalation procedures; 
 
regular internal stress testing of the portfolio for a variety of scenarios (both institution specific 
and market-wide); results being communicated to the board of directors and the Central Bank on 
request; 
 
incorporation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks into product pricing and approval processes; 
 
establishment of a forward-looking funding strategy with effective diversification of funding 
sources and tenors; 
 
setting of formal contingency funding plans which clearly set out strategies for addressing liquidity 
shortfalls in emergency situations (and which must be shared with the Central Bank upon request); 
 
establishment of an adequate cushion of unencumbered, highly liquid assets as insurance against a 
range of liquidity stress scenarios; and 
 
a transfer pricing framework (which is commensurate with the bank's liquidity risk tolerance and 
complexity) developed to reflect the actual cost of funding. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two 
interim ratios which were intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and net stable funding ratio (the 
"NSFR") come into effect. These include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability period 
Interim 
ratios: 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 
10%) 
1 July 2015 until LCR implementation for 
approved banks

--- Page 141 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
Ratio 
Applicability period 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio (ASRR 
< 100%) 
30 
September 
1986 
until 
NSFR 
implementation for approved banks 
Basel III 
ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
Effective transition from 1 January 2016 for 
approved banks 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
Effective January 2018 for approved banks 
The Central Bank's ELAR was an interim ratio which was designed to apply pending the LCR becoming 
effective (as described below). Under the ELAR, UAE banks were required to hold an amount equivalent 
to at least 10 per cent. of their liabilities in high quality liquid assets (including cash held with the Central 
Bank, the Central Bank CDs and certain UAE local government and public sector entity publicly traded 
instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also included the option for UAE banks to apply to the Central Bank to move to 
assessment and reporting of bank liquidity to the Central Bank as against the LCR, in addition to the ELAR, 
with effect from 1 January 2016. Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply only with 
the ELAR until 1 January 2016, after which date they were required to move to a dual-compliance regime 
as to liquidity as against the ELAR and the LCR (subject to receipt of Central Bank approval). 
The LCR represents a 30 days stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank specific and 
market wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main liquidity risk 
drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30 days stress scenario. The LCR requires that UAE 
banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high-quality liquid assets ("HQLAs") at 
the minimum LCR determined by the Central Bank. The Basel III accord requires that this minimum is 100 
per cent. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail eligible HQLAs for this purpose. As noted under "TESS" 
above, banks that have adopted the LCR are able to fall below the regulatory LCR requirement of 100 per 
cent. provided that their LCR is higher than or equal to 70 per cent. Other banks are able to fall below the 
regulatory ELAR requirement of 10 per cent. provided that their ELAR is higher or equal to 7 per cent. The 
changes to the LCR and ELAR are applicable until 31 December 2021, subject to having fully utilised the 
limit available under the zero cost facility of the TESS. See "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the 
Group's Business Activities – The Group is exposed to liquidity risks due to its operations in the global 
financial markets" and "Risk Management" for more information. 
As part of the Central Bank's gradual implementation of the Basel III reforms in the UAE, the Central Bank 
introduced LCR in a phased manner, setting an initial benchmark of 60 per cent. upon commencement of 
LCR compliance, increasing to 100 per cent. as of 1 January 2019. This graduated approach was designed 
to ensure that the LCR could be introduced without disruption to the orderly strengthening of banking 
systems or the ongoing financing of economic activity in the UAE. 
The advances to stable resources ratio (the "ASRR") is an interim ratio which applies to UAE banks until 
they become subject to the NSFR (as described below). The ASRR identifies key uses of funds as well as 
the different types of funding sources used by banks. It assigns stability factors to the sources of funds and 
required stable funding (usage) factors to asset classes. After applying the relevant factors, the net uses of 
funds is divided by the net sources of funds and the result should be less than 100 per cent. 
The NSFR is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding to fund the assets 
on their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant UAE 
banks contingent liabilities. The NSFR in the UAE mirrors the Basel III NSFR standard. The NSFR 
identifies the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks. It assigns 
available stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding (usage) factors 
to asset classes and off balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms 
of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned ASF factor will depend on the 
liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors will follow the Basel III NSFR 
standard. 
As part of its response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Central Bank has implemented the TESS which 
includes certain interim liquidity easing measures (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector 
and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS").

--- Page 142 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Interim Marginal Lending Facility 
On 15 April 2014, the Central Bank introduced the IMLF which allows non-Islamic UAE banks to use 
certain rated or UAE Federal Government entity-issued assets to access Central Bank liquidity overnight 
in order to help their liquidity management during times of market stress. 
The IMLF allows lenders to use certain assets as collateral to obtain one-day overnight loans from the 
Central Bank. Eligible assets that can be used as collateral must be tradeable and include bonds, sukuk and 
securities issued by the UAE Federal Government or government-related entities in individual Emirates, as 
well as by UAE banks and corporations. Securities issued by foreign governments, banks, corporates and 
supranational agencies can also be used as collateral, but must carry a minimum 'A' credit rating from one 
of the three main international rating agencies. Banks accessing the IMLF must borrow a minimum of AED 
10 million and will be charged 100 basis points over the official UAE "Repo Rate". 
Collateralised Murabaha Facility 
On 22 June 2011, the Central Bank announced that it would be offering a Collateralised Murabaha Facility 
to banks in the UAE to provide a source of liquidity to banks. On 22 March 2015, the Central Bank extended 
the spectrum of "Eligible Collateral" for the existing Collateralised Murabaha Facility to include Shariah-
compliant securities (effective from 1 April 2015). Islamic banks operating in the UAE, such as Emirates 
Islamic, can access funds from the Central Bank on an overnight basis by posting eligible securities as 
collateral. 
Position of depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the UAE Federal Government announced that it 
intended to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE 
and a draft law guaranteeing federal deposits was approved by the UAE's National Federal Council in May 
2009. In addition, the 2018 Federal Law provides that the board of directors of the Central Bank may issue 
regulations for the protection of deposits and the rights of depositors. However, until such time as any such 
law or regulations are passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Prudential regulations 
The Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for banking institutions in the UAE. Supervision is carried 
out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from the banks. The frequency of 
inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried out in all banks in 
accordance with the Central Bank's enforcement policy. Prudential returns are made monthly, quarterly, 
semi-annually or annually, depending on the nature of the information they contain. 
Capital adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009 by way of Central Bank Circular No. 27/2009. 
Since 1993, the Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all UAE banks. In 
a circular dated 30 August 2009, the Central Bank announced amendments to its capital adequacy 
requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio of at least 11 per 
cent., with a Tier 1 ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, the Central Bank 
required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio to at least 8 per cent., 
with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010. Thereafter, through 
its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the Central Bank stated that it was expected that 
the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based approach under Basel II 
in due course. Through this circular, the Central Bank reiterated that all banks operating in the UAE were 
required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all times, increasing to 12 per cent. 
by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II and Pillar III of the Basel II 
framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised gains on investments and 
any shortfall in financing/loan loss provisions were deducted from regulatory capital. 
As part of the introduction of Basel III in the UAE, on 23 February 2017 the Central Bank published the 
"Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the "February 2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612,

--- Page 143 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
which were effective from 1 February 2017. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by 
accompanying standards, including the Standard for Capital Adequacy of Banks in the UAE issued on 7 
January 2020 (the "Capital Standards"). The Capital Standards elaborate on the supervisory expectations 
of the Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with respect to the relevant Basel III 
capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the Central Bank to banks in the UAE. 
During November 2020, the Central Bank issued the revised Standards and Guidance re Capital Adequacy 
in the UAE for the implementation of Basel III in a phased manner from April 2021 to April 2022. During 
December 2020, the Central Bank issued the Standalone Capital Framework for local banks in the UAE 
which is due to be implemented in December 2021. Ahead of its final implementation, the Central Bank 
has initiated a 12-month monitoring period for local banks to report on a bi-annual basis beginning in 
December 2020. Emirates Islamic is required by the Central Bank to maintain a minimum total capital 
adequacy ratio of 13.0 per cent. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks and claims on GCC 
government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted in accordance with the prescribed 
guidelines. 
As part of its response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Central Bank has implemented the TESS which 
includes certain interim capital adequacy easing measures (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking 
Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS"). 
Reserve requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements set a mandatory cash reserve of 7 per cent. of all current, call 
and savings deposits and 1 per cent. of all time deposits, respectively, based on average balances calculated 
on a fortnightly basis. 
As part of its response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Central Bank has implemented the TESS which 
includes certain interim required reserve easing measures (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking 
Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – TESS"). 
Credit controls 
Banks are required by the Central Bank to establish credit policies and procedures commensurate with their 
size and activities. They must also have a proper credit assessment and approval process and adequate 
controls in place to monitor credit concentrations to, among others, individual borrowers/obligors, 
economic sectors and foreign countries. 
Central Bank circular on retail banking dated 23 February 2011 (the "Retail Circular") and Notice No. 
31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the Official Gazette on 28 November 2013 and 
was effective from 28 December 2013 and was subsequently amended via Central Bank Notice No. 
1799/2020 on 8 April 2020) (the "Mortgage Regulations") introduced regulations regarding bank loans 
and other services offered to individual customers. These regulations, among other things, impose 
maximum loan or financing/income and loan or financing to value ratios for retail products. For example, 
the Retail Circular requires that the amount of any personal consumer loan/finance shall not exceed 20 
times the salary or total income of the borrower/obligor with the repayment period not exceeding 48 months. 
The Mortgage Regulations provide that the amount of mortgage loans/financings for non-nationals should 
not exceed 80 per cent. of the property value for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 
5 million and, for a first purchase of a home with a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 70 
per cent. of the property value. For the purchase of a second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals 
is set at 60 per cent. of the property value (irrespective of the value of the property in question). The 
corresponding limits for UAE nationals are set at 85 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with 
a value less than or equal to AED 5 million, 75 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 
million and 65 per cent. of the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value 
of the property).

--- Page 144 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
Large exposures 
The Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower/obligor or group of related borrowers/obligors 
exceeding prescribed limits. 
On 11 November 2013, the Central Bank published Central Bank Notice No. 32/2013 on large exposures 
(the "Large Exposure Notice") amending certain of the large exposure limits set out above. The Large 
Exposure Notice was published in the Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and entered into force on 30 
January 2014. The Large Exposure Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the bank's capital base 
for all lending/financing to UAE local governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 
per cent. limit to any single such non-commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject to 
approval by the Central Bank. Set out below is a table setting out the exposure limits prescribed by the 
Large Exposure Notice (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base calculated under Basel II): 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
UAE Federal Government and its non-commercial entities ...........................  
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE local government and its non-commercial entities ................................  
No cap for UAE local 
government; 25% for 
each non-commercial 
entity 
100% 
Commercial entities of UAE Federal Government and UAE local 
government ......................................................................................................  
25% 
100% 
Commercial or other (non-commercial) private sector entities and 
individuals........................................................................................................  
25% max 
None 
Shareholders who own 5% or more of the bank's capital and related entities  
20% 
50% 
Exposure to bank's subsidiaries and affiliates .................................................  
10% 
25% 
Board members ................................................................................................  
5% 
25% 
Provisions for loan/financing losses 
For UAE banks, IFRS 9 was introduced for financial reporting periods commencing on 1 January 2018, 
replacing IAS 39 and introducing an ECL model for the measurement of the impairment of financial assets 
such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before a credit loss is recognised. The 
guiding principle of the ECL model is to reflect the general pattern of deterioration or improvement in the 
credit quality of financial instruments. IFRS 9 provision uses a three stage approach in recognising 
increased credit risk at each stage of risk (i.e., stage 1 for current facilities, stage 2 for significant increase 
in credit risk and stage 3 for impaired loans/financing). 
As part of its response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Central Bank has implemented the TESS which 
allows any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to 
regulatory capital (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends 
in Banking – TESS"). 
Establishing a credit bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau (the "AECB") is a UAE Federal Government company specialised in providing 
UAE-based credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon 
receiving formal approval from the UAE Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit 
reports. AECB has approached all UAE-based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision 
of customer credit information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made 
successful initial data submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities, including the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licences intermediaries to trade on the DFM and the ADX. 
The SCA is a federal government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai 
International Financial Exchange) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an entity based 
in the Dubai International Financial Centre, is separately regulated.

--- Page 145 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the 
Government in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading of shares, 
bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign financial 
institutions that conform to its listing requirements. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of 
executed transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December in each of 
the years 2016 to 2020: 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of traded shares (billions) ....................  
105.8 
82.5 
45.4 
40.0 
65.5 
Value of traded shares (AED billions) ...............  
133.7 
115.1 
59.7 
53.1 
65.6 
Executed transactions (thousands) ....................  
1,300.0 
1,100.0 
660.3 
657 
978 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) .................  
339.0 
394.0 
343.3 
375.0 
340.1 
DFM Index year-end index closing price ..........  
3,530.88 
3,370.07 
2,529.75 
2,764.86 
2,491.97 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse 
Dubai Limited and the Nasdaq OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was valued at U.S.$121 
million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares. The merger was approved by 
Borse Dubai Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010. Subsequent to the 
transaction, both Nasdaq Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different 
regulatory frameworks. Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and the DFM 
is regulated by the SCA. 
The DFM was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014 which has led 
to an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges in New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuers access to regional and international 
investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a unique mix of 
regional and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk 
and conventional bonds. Nasdaq Dubai listed 17 sukuk with a total nominal value of over U.S.$15 billion 
during 2020, maintaining its position as one of the world's largest exchanges for sukuk. 
Equity listings on Nasdaq Dubai include Depa Limited, Emirates REIT, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and 
Orascom Construction Limited. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of 
executed transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as 
at 31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the 
DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) in each of the years 2016 to 2020: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Trading volume (millions) ...........................................  
138.2 
273.2 
164.6 
150.8 
189.3 
Trading value (AED millions) ......................................  
4,563.7 
4,883.7 
4,234.4 
5,920.9 
5,745.9 
Number of transactions ................................................  
22,913 
29,518 
26,882 
40,724 
16,345 
Market capitalisation (AED millions) ..........................  
58,118.1 
82,821.9 
57,495.8 
44,220.0 
3,435.8 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 year-end closing price .  
3,293.85(1) 
3288.69 
3074.32 
3,184.38 
3,061.74 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai. 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 29 December 2016.

--- Page 146 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Capitalised 
terms not defined in this section have the meaning given to such term in the Conditions and/or the 
Transaction Documents. Copies of the Transaction Documents will be available for inspection as set out 
under "General Information – Documents Available". 
Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement will be entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus between 
the Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser, the "Purchaser") and the Obligor (in its capacity as seller, the 
"Seller") and will be governed by the laws of Dubai and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws 
of the UAE. A Supplemental Purchase Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the 
Issue Date of each Tranche and will also be governed by the laws of Dubai and, to the extent applicable in 
Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE. 
Pursuant to each Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Seller will sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser 
will purchase from the Seller the Initial Wakala Portfolio (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) 
together with the transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Purchaser of all of the Seller's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Initial Wakala Assets which 
comprise the Initial Wakala Portfolio for the Purchase Price. 
Service Agency Agreement  
The Service Agency Agreement will be entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus between 
the Trustee and the Obligor (in its capacity as Service Agent) and will be governed by English law. 
Services 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee will appoint the Service Agent to service the Sukuk 
Portfolio relating to each Series. In particular, the Service Agent shall, in relation to each Series, provide, 
amongst other things, the following services (the "Services") as agent of the Trustee, during the Ownership 
Period:  
(i) 
it shall complete the scope of services substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Service 
Agency Scope) of the Service Agency Agreement (the "Service Agency Scope") on the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche under that Series upon receipt from the Trustee of the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement;  
(ii) 
if the Trustee issues Additional Certificates in accordance with Condition 21 (Further Issues) in 
respect of an existing Series, it shall as soon as practicable after such issuance amend the Service 
Agency Scope for that Series to take into account the issuance of such Additional Certificates;  
(iii) 
it shall service the relevant Sukuk Portfolio in accordance with the Service Agency Scope and the 
terms of the Service Agency Agreement;  
(iv) 
it shall ensure that on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, the Value of the 
Wakala Assets comprised in the Sukuk Portfolio shall be equal to no less than 51 per cent. of the 
face amount of the Certificates for that Series. For the purposes of this paragraph (iv), "Value" in 
respect of any Tangible Sukuk comprised in the relevant Wakala Assets shall be deemed to be the 
product of (a) the outstanding face amount of such Tangible Sukuk; and (b) the Tangibility 
Requirement of such Tangible Sukuk;  
(v) 
it shall ensure that the Tangibility Ratio shall, at all times following the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, be more than 50 per cent. and if, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio 
falls:  
(a) 
to 50 per cent. or less (but is 33 per cent. or more), the Service Agent shall take any and 
all steps as may be required by the EI Internal Shariah Supervision Committee to ensure 
such Tangibility Ratio is restored to more than 50 per cent. within the time period 
determined by the EI Internal Shariah Supervision Committee; and

--- Page 147 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
(b) 
below 33 per cent. (such event, being a "Tangibility Event"), within 10 Business Days 
of the Service Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of the Tangibility Event, the 
Service Agent shall send a Tangibility Event Notice notifying the Trustee and the 
Delegate of such occurrence and requesting the Trustee to promptly deliver a notice to 
the Certificateholders (a "Delisting Notice") in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
specifying that: 
(i) 
a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, 
and evidence of, such occurrence; 
(ii) 
as determined in consultation with the EI Internal Shariah Supervision Committee, 
the Certificates shall not be tradeable;  
(iii) 
on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, the 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing; and 
(iv) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder 
shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a failure by the Service Agent to comply with the obligations 
of this paragraph (b) shall not constitute a Dissolution Event;  
(vi) 
it shall use its reasonable endeavours, in the event that there are Principal Revenues standing to 
the credit of the Principal Collection Account which are not to be promptly transferred to the 
Transaction Account, to the extent that Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC has Eligible Wakala Assets 
(as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) available for sale to the Trustee, to notify the 
Trustee of: 
(a) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account which can be used 
by the Trustee for the purposes of purchasing the Eligible Wakala Assets as selected by 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC (for a purchase price not greater than the Value of such 
Eligible Wakala Assets); and 
(b) 
the details and Value of such proposed Eligible Wakala Assets, 
to allow the Trustee to have sufficient information to enable it to exercise the Purchase 
Undertaking; 
(vii) 
it shall do all acts and things (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and 
commencement of any proceedings) that it considers (and without the need for the consent of the 
Trustee) reasonably necessary to ensure the assumption of, and compliance by each Asset Obligor 
with its covenants, undertakings or other obligations under the Asset Contract to which it is a party 
in accordance with applicable law and the terms of the Asset Contract, in each case in respect of 
the Wakala Assets; 
(viii) 
it shall discharge or procure the discharge of all obligations to be discharged by Emirates Islamic 
(in whatever capacity) in respect of any of the Wakala Assets under all Asset Contracts, it being 
acknowledged that the Service Agent may appoint one or more agents to discharge these 
obligations on its behalf; 
(ix) 
it shall pay on behalf of the Trustee any actual costs, expenses, actual losses and Taxes which 
would otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of the Trustee's ownership of the Wakala 
Assets; 
(x) 
it shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Portfolio Revenues, 
investigate non-payment of Portfolio Revenues and generally make all reasonable efforts to collect 
or enforce the collection of such Portfolio Revenues under all Asset Contracts as and when the 
same shall become due;  
(xi) 
it shall ensure that all Income Revenues are received free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes;

--- Page 148 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
(xii) 
it shall maintain the Principal Collection Account, the Income Collection Account and the Reserve 
Account, in each case in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(xiii) 
it shall obtain all necessary authorisations in connection with any of the Wakala Assets and its 
obligations under or in connection with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(xiv) 
it shall procure that the legal title to the Wakala Assets is held by Emirates Islamic (in its capacity 
as seller) for and on behalf of the Trustee for so long as such Wakala Assets are comprised within 
the Sukuk Portfolio; 
(xv) 
it shall notify the Trustee promptly if any Wakala Asset comprised in the Wakala Portfolio of the 
relevant Series ceases to be an Eligible Wakala Asset, (the occurrence of such event or 
circumstance being an "Impaired Wakala Asset Event"); and 
(xvi) 
it shall, together with any notice delivered in accordance with paragraph (xv) above, notify the 
Trustee of the availability (if any), together with all necessary details, of any Eligible Wakala 
Assets for the purposes of substituting the Wakala Asset in respect of which an Impaired Wakala 
Asset Event has occurred in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking. 
In relation to each of the Ijara Assets comprised in a Wakala Portfolio of a Series, the Service Agent shall: 
(1) 
ensure that such Ijara Assets are insured at all times against total loss and expropriation in an 
amount at least equal to the Value of that Ijara Asset (the "Insurance Coverage Amount") and 
that such insurance policies are maintained with reputable insurers in good financial standing and, 
to the extent available on commercially viable terms, on a Shariah compliant takaful basis; and 
(2) 
ensure that, in the event of a total loss or expropriation of any such Ijara Assets, the insurance 
policies relating to such Ijara Assets provide for an amount at least equal to the Insurance Coverage 
Amount of the relevant Ijara Asset to be paid to the Service Agent, for credit by the Service Agent 
to the Principal Collection Account in the Specified Currency by no later than close of business 
on the date falling ninety (90) calendar days after the occurrence of such total loss or expropriation; 
and 
(3) 
if at any time and for any reason, the Service Agent is not in compliance with paragraph (1) above, 
it may deliver written notice to the Trustee and the Delegate of such non-compliance and the 
details thereof. Any such notice sent by the Service Agent shall explicitly specify that it is a notice 
under this provision of the Service Agency Agreement. 
Without prejudice to the requirements of the next paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, a failure by the 
Service Agent to comply with the obligations set out in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above (the "Insurance 
Obligations") shall not constitute a Dissolution Event and the sole remedy of the Trustee for any failure by 
the Service Agent to comply with the Insurance Obligations shall be to claim against the Service Agent for 
any Insurance Shortfall Amount pursuant to the provisions set out in the following paragraph. However, 
the delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (3) above to the Trustee and/or the Delegate in relation 
to non-compliance with paragraph (1) above shall constitute a Dissolution Event. 
In the event that (i) the relevant insurance company fails to pay the Insurance Coverage Amount relating to 
an Ijara Asset to the Service Agent, by crediting such amount to the Principal Collection Account, within 
ninety (90) calendar days of a total loss or expropriation of that Ijara Asset or (ii) the Service Agent has 
failed to maintain or ensure the maintenance of any insurances over the Ijara Assets or is otherwise in 
breach of the Insurance Obligations, and if the Service Agent is unable by the ninetieth (90th) calendar day 
after the occurrence of the total loss or expropriation to prove beyond any doubt that any shortfall in the 
Insurance Coverage Amount is neither attributable to its negligence nor its failing to comply with the terms 
of the Service Agency Agreement relating to insurance: 
(x) 
the Service Agent acknowledges that it shall have failed to comply with the Insurance Obligations; 
and 
(y) 
the Service Agent irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay in the Specified Currency on 
the 91st calendar day after the occurrence of the total loss or expropriation, in same day funds (free 
and clear of any withholding or deduction or any set off or any counterclaim), an amount equal to 
the difference between the insurance proceeds credited to the Principal Collection Account (if any)

--- Page 149 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
and the Insurance Coverage Amount, in each case, in respect of the relevant Ijara Asset, directly 
into the Principal Collection Account (the "Insurance Shortfall Amount"). 
The Service Agent shall undertake in the Service Agency Agreement, in relation to each Series, that it shall 
maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title or interests in, to or under 
all of the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio during the Ownership Period. 
The Service Agent shall provide the Services in relation to the Sukuk Portfolio in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with generally accepted Shariah principles (including 
the Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) Shariah Standards 
and the resolutions of the United Arab Emirates Higher Shariah Authority). 
Issue of additional Tranche of Certificates 
The parties to the Service Agency Agreement have also agreed that in the event that: (i) the Trustee has 
exercised its rights under Condition 21 (Further Issues) to issue an additional Tranche of Certificates under 
an existing Series; and (ii) in connection with such additional Tranche, the Trustee and the Obligor have 
entered into: (a) an Additional Assets Sale Agreement pursuant to which the Obligor has sold to the Trustee 
all of its rights, title, interest and benefit in and to certain Additional Assets; and/or (b) a Commodity 
Murabaha Investment pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, any such Additional Assets shall, on 
the date of that Additional Assets Sale Agreement, be automatically, without any further action on the part 
of any party, commingled with the existing Wakala Portfolio of the relevant Series and the existing Wakala 
Assets together with such Additional Assets shall comprise the Wakala Portfolio of that Series, and will be 
commingled together with any new and/or existing Commodity Murabaha Investment to form the Sukuk 
Portfolio for that Series. 
Service Agent's fee 
The Service Agent shall be entitled to receive a fee for acting as service agent which will comprise a fixed 
fee of U.S.$100 (the adequacy of which will be acknowledged by the Service Agent under the Service 
Agency Agreement) and may also receive incentive payments as described below. 
Collection Accounts 
In relation to each Series, the Service Agent will maintain three book-entry ledger accounts (such accounts 
being the "Principal Collection Account", the "Income Collection Account" and the "Reserve Account") 
in its books in which all Portfolio Revenues will be recorded. All Portfolio Revenues in relation to each 
Series will be recorded:  
(i) 
if any such amounts comprise Income Revenues, in the Income Collection Account; and  
(ii) 
if any such amounts comprise Principal Revenues, in the Principal Collection Account.  
The Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection 
Account of each Series at any time during the relevant Ownership Period and to use such amounts for its 
own account, provided that any Income Revenues so deducted are re-credited to the Income Collection 
Account on or prior to each relevant Distribution Determination Date for the purposes of application by the 
Service Agent as set out below. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account of each Series will be applied by the 
Service Agent on each "Distribution Determination Date" (being the Business Day immediately prior to 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series) in the following order 
of priority:  
(a) 
first, in payment to the Service Agent of any amounts advanced by it to the Trustee by way of a 
Liquidity Facility; 
(b) 
second, in payment to the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee of any due but unpaid Service 
Agent Liabilities Amounts in respect of the Distribution Period ending immediately before the 
immediately following Distribution Date and (if applicable) any Service Agent Liabilities 
Amounts for any previous Distribution Period that remain unpaid;

--- Page 150 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
(c) 
third, in payment into the Transaction Account an amount equal to the lesser of the Required 
Amount payable on the Periodic Distribution Date falling one (1) Business Day after such 
Distribution Determination Date and the balance of the Income Collection Account; and  
(d) 
fourth, if any amounts are still standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account 
immediately following payment of all of the above amounts, such amounts shall be debited from 
the Income Collection Account and credited to the Reserve Account.  
Amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account of each Series shall be applied by the Service Agent 
as follows: 
(1) 
if there will be a shortfall on a Distribution Determination Date (after payment into the Transaction 
Account of the relevant amount in accordance with the above paragraph and taking into account 
any other payments made or to be made into the Transaction Account pursuant to any other 
Transaction Document) between: (x) the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction Account; 
and (y) the Required Amount payable on the Periodic Distribution Date falling one Business Day 
after such Distribution Determination Date (the difference between such amounts being referred 
to in the Service Agency Agreement as a "Shortfall Amount"), by paying into the Transaction 
Account on that Distribution Determination Date from the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account (if any) an amount equal to the Shortfall Amount (or such lesser amount as is 
then standing to the credit of the Reserve Account); 
(2) 
the Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account 
at any time during the Ownership Period and use such amounts for its own account, provided that 
such amounts shall be immediately repaid by it if so required to fund a Shortfall Amount in 
accordance with the above sub-paragraph; and 
(3) 
following payment of all amounts due and payable under the Certificates of a Series, the Service 
Agent shall be entitled to retain any amounts that remain standing to the credit of the Reserve 
Account of that Series for its own account as an incentive payment for acting as Service Agent. 
Shortfalls and Liquidity Facilities 
If, following payment of amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account as described above, a 
Shortfall Amount remains on any Distribution Determination Date, the Service Agent may at its discretion 
provide either: (i) Shariah-compliant funding to the Trustee itself; or (ii) procure Shariah-compliant funding 
from a third party to be paid to the Trustee, in each case to the extent necessary to ensure that the Trustee 
receives on each Distribution Determination Date the Required Amount payable by it in accordance with 
the Conditions of the relevant Series on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, by payment 
of the same into the Transaction Account and on terms that such funding is to be settled: (i) from Income 
Revenues received in respect of a subsequent period in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement; or 
(ii) on a Dissolution Date, from the relevant exercise price payable pursuant to the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be (such funding in relation 
to a Series, a "Liquidity Facility"). 
Payments under the Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agent will agree in the Service Agency Agreement that all payments by it under the Service 
Agency Agreement must be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present 
or future Taxes imposed by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or 
counterclaim of any kind. If there is any such deduction or withholding, the Service Agent shall pay all 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been 
received by it if no withholding or deduction had been made and accordingly the Service Agent undertakes 
to pay to the Trustee or such other persons as the Trustee may direct such additional amounts forthwith 
upon demand and in the manner and currency prescribed hereunder. 
The Service Agent will further agree in the Service Agency Agreement that its payment obligations under 
the agreement will be direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Service Agent and shall, save 
for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other

--- Page 151 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Service Agent, present and 
future. 
Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking 
The Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus by the Trustee in favour of Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC (in such capacity, "EI") and will be 
governed by English law.  
In relation to each Series, the Trustee will irrevocably grant to EI each of the following rights:  
(i) 
provided that a Tax Event has occurred and the Trustee has delivered to the Principal Paying Agent 
(with a copy to Obligor): (a) a certificate signed by a director of the Trustee; and (b) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing, in each case, in accordance with Condition 12.2 
(Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons), to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to EI on 
the Early Tax Dissolution Date specified in the relevant Exercise Notice all of the Trustee's 
interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the relevant 
Wakala Portfolio at the Exercise Price; 
(ii) 
following delivery of the Cancelled Certificates to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 12.9 (Purchase and Cancellation), to require the Trustee to assign, transfer and convey 
to the Obligor on the Cancellation Date all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Cancellation Wakala Assets, provided that: 
(a) no Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of the relevant Series; (b) the 
Cancellation Wakala Assets are of a Value which is not greater than the aggregate face amount of 
the Cancelled Certificates less the Cancellation Amount; and (c) in respect of the Cancellation 
Wakala Assets (or any of them) no Exercise Notice has been delivered under the Trustee's Sale 
and Purchase Undertaking nor has any Purchase Undertaking Exercise Notice (as defined in the 
Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking) been delivered under the Purchase Undertaking; 
(iii) 
provided that Optional Dissolution (Call) Right is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms of a Series, to require the Trustee, at any time prior to the relevant Optional Dissolution 
Date, to sell, transfer and convey to EI on the Optional Dissolution Date specified in the Exercise 
Notice all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, 
to and under the relevant Optional Call Wakala Assets at the Optional Call Exercise Price; 
(iv) 
provided that the Trustee has issued additional certificates in accordance with Condition 21 
(Further Issues) in respect of an existing Series, to require the Trustee on the Issue Date of the 
Additional Certificates to request the transfer of all of EI's interests, rights, title, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under certain additional Eligible Wakala Assets (the 
"Additional Assets") at the Additional Assets Exercise Price, provided that the Value of the 
Additional Assets is no less than the Additional Assets Exercise Price; and 
(v) 
to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey on any Substitution Date all of the Trustee's 
interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the relevant 
Substituted Assets in exchange for the transfer and conveyance by EI to the Trustee of all of its 
interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the relevant 
New Assets provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate Value of the relevant New Assets is at least equal to the Value of the 
relevant Substituted Assets immediately prior to such substitution; 
(b) 
the New Assets are Eligible Wakala Assets; 
(c) 
the Tangibility Ratio shall be more than 50 per cent. immediately following such sale, 
transfer and conveyance; and 
(d) 
the Substituted Assets shall be either: (1) applied by EI to form part of a wakala portfolio 
for another issuance under the Programme; or (2) sold by EI to a separate legal entity; 
and

--- Page 152 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
(vi) 
if 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been 
redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 12 (Capital Distributions of 
Trust), to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to EI on the Clean Up (Call) Dissolution 
Date specified in the Exercise Notice, all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprised in the Wakala 
Portfolio applicable to the relevant Series at the Exercise Price, 
in each case, on an "as is" basis (without any warranty express or implied and if any warranty is implied by 
law, it shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law) and otherwise on the terms and subject to 
the conditions of the Trustee's Sale and Purchase Undertaking. 
Purchase Undertaking  
The Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on or around the date of this Base Prospectus by the 
Obligor as obligor in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate and will be governed by English law.  
In relation to each Series, the Obligor will irrevocably grant to the Trustee and the Delegate (on behalf of 
itself and the Certificateholders) the following rights:  
(i) 
provided that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing and a Dissolution Notice has 
been delivered in accordance with the Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase and accept 
the transfer and conveyance on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date specified in the Exercise 
Notice of all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, 
in, to and under the Wakala Portfolio at the Exercise Price; 
(ii) 
to require the Obligor, on the Maturity Date, to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance 
of all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and 
under the Wakala Portfolio at the Exercise Price; 
(iii) 
provided that: 
(a) 
Optional Redemption (Investor Put) Right is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms of a Series; and 
(b) 
a holder or holders of the relevant Certificates have exercised the Optional Redemption 
(Investor Put) Right in accordance with the Conditions, 
to require the Obligor, at any time prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, to purchase 
and accept the transfer and conveyance on the Optional Redemption Date of all of the Trustee's 
interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the relevant 
Optional Put Wakala Assets (as defined in the Purchase Undertaking) at the Optional Put Exercise 
Price;  
(iv) 
provided that: 
(a) 
a Tangibility Event has occurred; and  
(b) 
a holder or holders of the relevant Certificates have delivered Tangibility Event Put 
Notices in accordance with the Conditions,  
to require the Obligor to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance on the Tangibility Event 
Redemption Date of all of the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present 
and future, in, to and under the relevant Tangibility Event Wakala Assets at the Tangibility Event 
Exercise Price;  
(v) 
provided that the Trustee has received notice, or otherwise becomes aware, of the occurrence of 
an Impaired Wakala Asset Event in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the 
Service Agency Agreement, to require the Obligor to purchase and accept the transfer and 
conveyance on the relevant Impaired Wakala Asset Exercise Date of all of the Trustee's interests, 
rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the relevant Impaired 
Wakala Assets against the transfer and conveyance to the Trustee of all of the Obligor's interests, 
rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under certain New Assets; and

--- Page 153 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
(vi) 
provided that an Additional Wakala Asset Event has occurred, to require the Obligor to sell, 
transfer and convey to the Trustee on the relevant Additional Wakala Asset Date all of the 
Obligor's interests, rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under 
certain New Assets against the payment by the Trustee of an amount equal to the Additional 
Wakala Asset Purchase Price, 
in each case, with regard to such Wakala Assets and New Assets, on an "as is" basis (without any warranty 
express or implied and if any warranty is implied by law, it shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted 
by law) and otherwise on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Undertaking. 
In relation to any Series, (i) if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions 
of the Purchase Undertaking, the Obligor (acting in any capacity) holds any rights, title or interest in, or 
remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Wakala Assets 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio; and (ii) if, following delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the relevant Purchase Undertaking Exercise Price is not paid 
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason , thereby resulting in the 
Obligor's failure to comply with its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Obligor shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully 
indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series 
and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Purchase 
Undertaking Exercise Price. 
The Obligor will agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by the Obligor under the Purchase 
Undertaking and any sale agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking must be made without any 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the Relevant 
Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If there is any such 
deduction or withholding, the Obligor shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no withholding or deduction had been 
made and accordingly the Obligor will undertake to pay to the Trustee or such other persons as the Trustee 
may direct such additional amounts forthwith upon demand and in the manner and currency prescribed 
under the Purchase Undertaking. 
The Obligor will further agree in the Purchase Undertaking that its payment obligations under the deed will 
be direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Obligor and shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Obligor, present and future. 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
The Master Murabaha Agreement will be entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus between 
the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) and the Obligor (in its capacity as buyer) and will be governed by 
English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, and in connection with any Tranche under a Series, the 
Trustee may enter into a Commodity Murabaha Investment with the Buyer at the Deferred Sale Price. In 
accordance with the Master Murabaha Agreement, on receipt of a duly completed Notice of Request to 
Purchase (as defined in the Master Murabaha Agreement) from the Buyer, the Trustee (acting through its 
commodity agent) may purchase the relevant commodities on the relevant Issue Date from a commodity 
supplier on a spot basis at the relevant Commodity Purchase Price (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) in the Specified Currency of the relevant Series.  
Upon completion of the purchase of the commodities by the Trustee in accordance with the Master 
Murabaha Agreement and the Trustee gaining title thereto and (actual or constructive) possession thereof, 
the Trustee may deliver to the Buyer a duly completed Offer Notice (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) by no later than 3.00 p.m. London time on the relevant Issue Date indicating the Trustee's 
acceptance of the terms of the relevant Notice of Request to Purchase. Provided that the Buyer has received 
the Offer Notice and it wishes to enter into a Murabaha Contract, the Buyer may: (a) accept the terms of, 
countersign and deliver to the Trustee the Offer Notice delivered to it in accordance with the Master 
Murabaha Agreement; and (b) purchase from the Trustee the relevant Commodities acquired by the Trustee 
for the relevant Deferred Sale Price in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, in

--- Page 154 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
each case, by countersigning and delivering to the Trustee the Offer Notice on or before 3.30 p.m. London 
time (or such other time as may be agreed in writing between the Buyer and the Trustee) on the Issue Date. 
As soon as the Buyer has accepted the Trustee's offer by countersigning the relevant Offer Notice, a 
Murabaha Contract shall be created between the Trustee and the Buyer upon the terms of the relevant Offer 
Notice and incorporating the terms and conditions set out in the Master Murabaha Agreement and 
ownership of and all risks in and to the relevant commodities shall immediately pass to and be vested in the 
Buyer, together with all rights and obligations relating thereto.  
The Buyer will agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master Murabaha 
Agreement must be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
Taxes imposed by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of 
any kind. If there is any such deduction or withholding, the Buyer shall pay all additional amounts as will 
result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no withholding 
or deduction had been made and accordingly the Buyer will undertake to pay to the Trustee or such other 
persons as the Trustee may direct such additional amounts forthwith upon demand and in the manner and 
currency prescribed under the Master Murabaha Agreement.  
The Buyer will further agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that any payment obligations of the Buyer 
under the Master Murabaha Agreement and each Murabaha Contract will be direct, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Buyer and shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all 
times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Buyer, present and future. 
The Master Trust Deed, as supplemented by each Supplemental Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed will be entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus between the 
Obligor, the Trustee and the Delegate and will be governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed 
between the same parties shall be entered into on the Issue Date of each Tranche of Certificates and will 
also be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s) (together, 
the "Trust Deed"), the Trustee will, in relation to each Series of Certificates, inter alia:  
(i) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the relevant Certificateholders as beneficial 
tenants in common pertaining to the applicable Series pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates of that Series held by each Certificateholder; and  
(ii) 
act as trustee in respect of the Trust Assets, distribute the income from the Trust Assets and 
perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
The Trustee will irrevocably and unconditionally delegate to the Delegate all of the present and future 
rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the relevant provisions (as 
specified in the Master Trust Deed and including but not limited to the authority to request indications from 
any Certificateholders and the power to make any determinations to be made under the Master Trust Deed) 
(the "relevant powers"), provided that: (a) no obligations, duties, liabilities or covenants of the Trustee 
pursuant to the Master Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by 
virtue of the delegation of the relevant powers; (b) in no circumstances will the delegation of the relevant 
powers result in the Delegate holding on trust the Trust Assets; and (c) such delegation of the relevant 
powers shall not include any duty, power, trust, right, authority or discretion to dissolve the trusts 
constituted by the Trust Deed following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or to determine the 
remuneration of the Delegate. The delegation to the Delegate by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests 
of the Certificateholders and does not affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as trustee for the 
trusts created pursuant to the Master Trust Deed. 
The Obligor will undertake in the Master Trust Deed that:  
(1) 
it will comply with and perform and observe all the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
which are expressed to be binding on it. The Trustee and/or the Delegate shall be entitled to enforce 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents as if the same were set out and contained in the

--- Page 155 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Master Trust Deed. The Trustee shall hold the benefit of this covenant upon trust for itself and the 
Certificateholders according to its and their respective interests; 
(2) 
it shall promptly provide notice (including the reasons therefor and upon request a report on its 
financial condition) of any material deterioration of its operating condition or fact relating thereto 
which may interfere with the performance of its duties under any Transaction Document to which 
it is a party to the Trustee and the Delegate (and, in addition, shall deliver to the Trustee and the 
Delegate one copy of each annual and (if available) semi-annual financial report and any 
extraordinary report to its creditors or shareholders produced by it, respectively, promptly after 
issuance thereof); 
(3) 
it will at all times keep proper books of account in relation to its obligations under all Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and in respect of the Wakala Assets and shall provide copies of 
such records upon request to the Trustee or such other person as the Trustee may request in 
accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement; and 
(4) 
in the event that the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Taxation), it will unconditionally and irrevocably (irrespective of the payment of 
any fee), as a continuing obligation, pay to the Delegate (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) 
an amount equal to the liability of the Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required 
to be paid by it in respect of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 13 (Taxation). 
In relation to any Series: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Obligor (acting in any capacity) holds any rights, title or interest in, or remains 
in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Wakala Assets 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio; and 
(b) 
if following delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the relevant Purchase Undertaking Exercise Price is not paid in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason, thereby resulting in the Obligor's failure to 
comply with its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Obligor shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the 
Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series and, accordingly, 
the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Purchase Undertaking Exercise 
Price. 
A Transaction Account in London will be established in the name of the Trustee. Moneys received in the 
Transaction Account will, inter alia, comprise payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts and/or 
Dissolution Amounts immediately prior to each Periodic Distribution Date and/or any Dissolution Date, as 
the case may be. The Trust Deed shall provide that all moneys credited to the Transaction Account from 
time to time will be applied in the order of priority set out in Condition 6.2 (Application of Proceeds from 
the Trust Assets). 
If and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 21 (Further Issues) to issue 
Additional Certificates in respect of a Series, on the date on which any Additional Certificates are created 
and issued, the Trustee will execute a Declaration of Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders 
of the existing Certificates and the holders of such Additional Certificates so created and issued, declaring 
that the Additional Assets transferred to the Trustee (in respect of the issuance of the Additional 
Certificates) and the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio immediately prior to the creation and 
issue of the Additional Assets (in respect of the relevant Series as in existence immediately prior to the 
issue of such Additional Certificates) and each Commodity Murabaha Investment made pursuant to the 
Master Murabaha Agreement (and all rights arising under or with respect thereto) are commingled and shall 
collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of the existing Certificates and 
the holders of such Additional Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Trust Deed.

--- Page 156 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
Shariah Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party will provide that each of EI Sukuk Company Ltd. and 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC agrees that it has accepted the Shariah-compliant nature of the relevant 
Transaction Documents and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, to the extent 
permitted by law, further agrees that: 
(i) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(or any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shariah; 
(ii) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shariah 
compliance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(iii) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shariah.

--- Page 157 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Certificates. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Certificates and does not 
constitute legal or tax advice. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should consult their tax advisers as 
to the consequences under the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of Certificates and receiving payments under the Certificates. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. 
Dubai and the United Arab Emirates 
The following is a general summary of the current tax law and practice in Dubai and the UAE (to the extent 
applicable in Dubai) ("Dubai Law") and does not constitute legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in 
the Certificates are advised to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences under 
the tax laws of the country in which they are resident, of the purchase ownership or disposition of the 
Certificates or any interest therein. 
Under existing Dubai Law, although an income tax decree has been enacted in Abu Dhabi and in Dubai 
(the Abu Dhabi Income Tax Decree 1965 (as amended) and the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 (as 
amended)) which provides for tax to be imposed on the taxable income of all bodies corporate which carry 
on a trade or business, the regime is not currently enforced. In practice, only companies active in the 
hydrocarbon industry, some related service industries and branches of foreign banks operating in the UAE 
have been required to pay tax. There are currently no withholding taxes required to be levied under UAE, 
Abu Dhabi or Dubai law in respect of payments on debt securities (including in relation to the Certificates). 
In the event of the imposition of any withholding, the Obligor has undertaken to gross-up any payments 
subject to certain limitations, as described in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to revise 
taxes on a federal basis for the purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the 
Certificates. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and 
retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor's particular circumstances 
and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Certificates to be issued will not be subject to taxation 
in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of the Certificates, 
nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands income or 
corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no 
estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue, transfer 
or redemption of Certificates. The Trustee has received, from the Governor-in-Cabinet of the Cayman 
Islands, pursuant to the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, an undertaking dated 1 
May 2007 that for a period of 20 years from the date of the grant of the undertaking no law which is enacted 
in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciation shall apply 
to the Trustee or its operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or 
appreciations which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable on or in respect of the 
shares, debentures or other obligations (which includes the Certificates) of the Trustee or by way of the 
withholding in whole or in part of any relevant payment (as defined in Section 6(3) of the Tax Concessions 
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands). No capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on 
the issue, transfer or redemption of Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any 
Certificates, if executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp 
duty. An annual registration fee is payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies

--- Page 158 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
which is calculated by reference to the nominal amount of its authorised share capital. At current rates, this 
annual registration fee is approximately U.S.$853.66. 
The Cayman Islands has signed an inter-governmental agreement to improve international tax compliance 
and the exchange of information with the United States (the "US IGA"). The Cayman Islands has also 
signed, along with over 100 other countries, a multilateral competent authority agreement to implement the 
OECD Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information – Common Reporting Standard 
(the "CRS" and together with the US IGA, "AEOI"). 
Cayman Islands regulations have been issued to give effect to the US IGA and CRS (collectively, the 
"AEOI Regulations"). Pursuant to the AEOI Regulations, the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority 
(the "TIA") has published guidance notes on the application of the US IGA and CRS. 
All Cayman Islands "Financial Institutions" (including the Trustee) are required to comply with the 
registration, due diligence and reporting requirements of the AEOI Regulations, unless the Trustee is able 
to rely on an exemption that permits it be to treated as a "Non-Reporting Financial Institution" (as defined 
in the relevant AEOI Regulations) with respect to one or more of the AEOI regimes, in which case only the 
registration requirement would apply under CRS. The Trustee does not propose to rely on any reporting 
exemption and therefore intends to comply with the requirements of the AEOI Regulations as a "Reporting 
Financial Institution". 
The AEOI Regulations require the Trustee to, amongst other things: (i) register with the IRS to obtain a 
Global Intermediary Identification Number (in the context of the US IGA only); (ii) register with the TIA, 
and thereby notify the TIA of its status as a "Reporting Financial Institution"; (iii) adopt and implement 
written policies and procedures setting out how it will address its obligations under CRS; (iv) conduct due 
diligence on its accounts to identify whether any such accounts are considered "Reportable Accounts"; and 
(v) report information on such Reportable Accounts to the TIA. The TIA will transmit such information to 
the applicable overseas fiscal authorities.  
Under the terms of the US IGA, withholding will not be imposed on payments made to the Trustee unless 
the IRS has specifically listed the Trustee as a non-participating financial institution, or on payments made 
by the Trustee to the Certificateholders unless the Trustee has otherwise assumed responsibility for 
withholding under United States tax law. 
By investing in the Certificates and/or continuing to invest in the Certificates, investors shall be deemed to 
acknowledge that further information may need to be provided to the Trustee, the Trustee's compliance 
with the AEOI Regulations may result in the disclosure of investor information, and investor information 
may be exchanged with overseas fiscal authorities. Where an investor fails to provide any requested 
information (regardless of the consequences), the Trustee reserves the right to take any action and/or pursue 
all remedies at its disposal including, without limitation, compulsory redemption or withdrawal of the 
investor concerned. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Certificates should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Certificates 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (i) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.

--- Page 159 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution"  (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Trustee may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the UAE and the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Certificates, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Certificates, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Certificates, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payment" and Certificates issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional 
Certificates (as described under Condition 21 (Further Issues)) that are not otherwise distinguishable from 
previously issued Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering date and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Certificateholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Certificates.

--- Page 160 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 19 October 2021 (the 
"Programme Agreement"), agreed with the Trustee and the Obligor a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to purchase Certificates. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates". In the Programme Agreement, each of the Trustee 
and the Obligor has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Certificates under the Programme. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall not make, and has not made, any invitation or offer to the public 
in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Certificates. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to any person in 
the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(i) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the DFSA rulebook; 
and 
(ii) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates, except for Certificates which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Certificates which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Certificates, 
except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(i) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; or 
(ii) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or

--- Page 161 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
(iii) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Certificates 
is a private placement under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by 
the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as 
amended (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a person authorised by the Capital Market Authority to 
carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority 
and, in each case, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer 
under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations or as otherwise required by the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer 
represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that any offer of Certificates to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA 
Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Certificates pursuant to a private 
placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Certificates to 
any person unless the offer or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity 
under the KSA Regulations. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia ("CMSA"); and 
(ii) 
accordingly, the Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in 
Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under 
Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 
8 or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any 
law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities 
Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Certificates will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within 
the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan) ("PRC"). This Base Prospectus or any information contained or 
incorporated by reference herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities in the PRC. This Base Prospectus, any information contained herein or the Certificates have not 
been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or registered with any relevant governmental 
authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with 
any offer for the subscription or sale of the Certificates in the PRC directly or indirectly. 
The Certificates may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment 
in the Certificates of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant 
governmental approvals, verifications, licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental 
authorities, including, but not limited to, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities

--- Page 162 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
Regulatory Commission, the China Banking Regulatory Commission, and other relevant regulatory bodies, 
and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign 
exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Trustee or the Obligor for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, the Obligor or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" in relation to any Certificates in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Certificates. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Certificates or caused the Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Certificates or cause the Certificates to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six

--- Page 163 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licenced to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus: (a) has not been, and will not 
be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar 
Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (b) is intended for the original recipient only and 
must not be provided to any other person; and (c) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and 
will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE (excluding the DIFC) other 
than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of such Certificates 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Trustee or the Obligor for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, the Obligor or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" in relation to any Certificates in the UK means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and

--- Page 164 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Certificates. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year: (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Trustee; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or the Obligor; 
and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
United States 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and sold any Certificates, and will not offer and sell 
any Certificates: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Certificates of the Tranche of which such Certificates are a part, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons expect pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Certificates, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Certificates from it during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Certificates covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons: (a) as part of their distribution at any time; or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Certificates except, in either 
case, in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not 
engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Certificates, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Certificates, an offer or sale of such 
Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 165 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Terms used in these paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Trustee, the Obligor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modifications will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of the Certificates to which it relates or in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Certificates or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
none of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate or any of the Dealers represents that Certificates may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the Trustee, the Obligor and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the relevant 
Subscription Agreement or dealer accession letter, as applicable.

--- Page 166 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Trustee 
dated 6 June 2007. The update of the Programme and issue of Certificates thereunder was authorised by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Trustee passed on 13 October 2021. The Trustee has obtained or 
will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
issue and performance of the Certificates. 
The Obligor's entry into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party was authorised by a resolution of 
the Board on 26 January 2021. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Certificates issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the DFSA Official List and an application may be made to Nasdaq Dubai for any Series of Certificates 
to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
However, Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Trustee, the 
Obligor and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For as long as any Certificates issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available: (i) for inspection by holders and obtainable free 
of charge at the specified office for the time being of the Principal Paying Agent; or (ii) at the option of the 
Principal Paying Agent, by email at a holder's request (subject to provision of proof of holding satisfactory 
to the Principal Paying Agent and the Obligor), in each case, during normal business hours on any weekday 
(excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays): 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee (as the same may be updated from 
time to time); 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Obligor (with an English translation thereof) 
(as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(c) 
the Master Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein; and 
(e) 
any future base prospectuses, information memoranda, applicable Final Terms and supplements to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference,  
save that such documents relating to Certificates which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a base prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Certificates and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent and the Obligor as to its 
holding of Certificates and identity. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Certificates which are admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Euronext 
Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/. Copies of this Base Prospectus and each Final Terms relating 
to Certificates which are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai are available on Nasdaq Dubai's website at 
www.nasdaqdubai.com. The documents listed in paragraph (a) to paragraph (d) (inclusive) above will also 
be available on the Obligor's website at https://www.emiratesislamic.ae/eng/financial-information/ei-
sukuk/.

--- Page 167 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series 
of Certificates allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code ("LEI") of the Trustee is 549300IIDFP0RTSSG071. 
The LEI of the Obligor is 254900JGNW4T9ZFM7N20.  
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Certificates to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Trustee, 
the Obligor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial performance of the 
Trustee and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date of its 
incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial performance of the 
Group since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group 
since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
None of the Trustee or the Obligor (or its subsidiaries) is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Trustee or the Obligor are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Trustee, the Obligor and/or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The Trustee has not prepared any audited financial statements to date, is not required by Cayman Islands 
law to do so and does not intend to publish audited financial statements. 
The auditors of the Group are Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) ("Deloitte"). Deloitte have: (i) reviewed, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing, the Group's unaudited condensed consolidated 
interim financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 as stated in their review report 
incorporated by reference herein; and (ii) audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing, 
the Group's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, in each case, as stated in their audit 
reports incorporated by reference herein. 
The address of Deloitte is Building 3, Level 6, Emaar Square, Downtown Dubai, P.O. Box 4254, Dubai, 
United Arab Emirates. Deloitte is regulated in the UAE by the UAE Ministry of Economy which has issued 
Deloitte with a licence to practice as auditors. There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and, 
accordingly, Deloitte is not a member of a professional body in the UAE. All of Deloitte's audit partners 
are members of the institutes from where they received their professional qualification.

--- Page 168 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
Dealers Transacting with the Obligor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Obligor (and its affiliates) 
in the ordinary course of business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future 
receive, fees. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank financing/loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Obligor or its respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
financing relationship with the Obligor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Obligor consistent with 
its customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the obtaining of Shariah-compliant credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Certificates issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Certificates 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Trustee in connection 
with the Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Certificates to the Official List or to trading 
on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Obligor's Website 
The Obligor's website is https://www.emiratesislamic.ae/eng/. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, the information contained on this website is not incorporated by 
reference into, or otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus. 
Shariah Boards 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been 
approved by the EI Shariah Committee, the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory 
Committee, the Shariah Advisory Board of Citi Islamic Investment Bank E.C., the Internal Shariah 
Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC and the Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah 
Supervision Committee. For the EI Shariah Committee see further "Management and Employees – Board 
Committees – EI Shariah Committee".  
Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee 
Dr. Aznan Hasan 
Dr. Aznan Hasan is an Associate Professor in Islamic Law at Ahmad Ibrahim Kulliyyah of Laws, 
International Islamic University Malaysia. He has been teaching Islamic law at the University since 2003. 
He is also President of the Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance and has been Deputy 
Chairman of Shariah Advisory Council, Securities Commission of Malaysia since July 2010. He was a 
member of the Shariah Advisory Council, Bank Negara Malaysia (November 2006-August 2008 and 
November 2010-October 2013). He is also the Chairman of the Shariah Supervisory Board, Shariah 
Advisory Committee, Barclays DIFC (April 2011-present). He is Shariah adviser to Maybank Islamic in 
Malaysia and has been advising ABSA Islamic Banking, South Africa since July 2010. 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby studied traditional Islamic studies under the guidance of eminent Islamic scholars from 
different parts of the world. He has a BA in Economics and Comparative Religions and MSc in Finance 
from McGill University, Canada. He has a PhD in Islamic law from the University of Wales. In addition to 
advising Islamic finance institutions and funds, Dr. Nizam Yaquby is a member of the Islamic Fiqh

--- Page 169 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Academy and AAOIFI. Since 1976, Dr. Nizam Yaquby has taught Tafsir, Hadith and Fiqh in Bahrain and 
is a Shariah adviser to several international and local financial institutions worldwide. He has also published 
several articles and books on various Islamic subjects including on banking and finance. 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Shariah Advisory Board of Citi Islamic Investment Bank E.C. 
Dr. Nazih Hammad 
Dr. Nazih Hammad is a graduate of the Faculty of Shariah at the University of Damascus, Syria and holds 
a Ph.D. in Islamic Jurisprudence from Cairo University. He has taught in Faculty of Shariah at Um Alqura 
University, Makkah for 17 years. Dr. Nazih Hammad is the author of several research papers and books on 
Islamic jurisprudence and banking and finance. 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby studied traditional Islamic studies under the guidance of eminent Islamic scholars from 
different parts of the world. He has a BA in economics and comparative religions and MSc in finance from 
the McGill University, Canada. He has a PhD in Islamic law from the University of Wales. In addition to 
advising Islamic finance institutions and funds, Dr. Nizam Yaquby is a member of the Islamic Fiqh 
Academy and AAOIFI. Since 1976, Dr. Yaquby has taught Tafsir, Hadith and Fiqh in Bahrain and is a 
Shariah Advisor to several international and local financial institutions world-wide. He has also published 
several articles and books on various Islamic subjects including on banking and finance. 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Internal Shariah Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem 
Dr. Qaseem holds a PhD (Islamic Studies) from the Faculty of Usul ud Dinis, University of Karachi. He 
has been a member of the Shariah boards of many other institutions. Dr. Qaseem has taught various courses 
for a number of BA and MA programmes of the International Islamic University, Islamabad. 
Dr. Qaseem has produced many academic contributions, articles and literary and translation works. 
Sheikh Dr. Muhammad Abdulrahim Sultan Al Olama 
Sheikh Dr. Al Olama is a member of the Grand Islamic Scholars Body in Dubai, an Associate Professor of 
the School of Shariah at the United Arab Emirates University in Al Ain and an acknowledged expert in 
Islamic finance. Sheikh Dr. Al Olama is also the head of the Fatwa Committee of the Zakat Funds in the 
UAE. He currently serves on a number of Shariah boards representing Islamic financial institutions and 
Takaful companies. 
Sheikh Dr. Al Olama has written extensively on modern Islamic finance and has presented numerous 
research papers at various international conferences. Sheikh Dr. Al Olama holds a PhD in Comparative 
Islamic Law from Umm Al Qurra University in Mecca, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Prof. Dr. Mohamad Akram Laldin 
Prof. Dr. Laldin is currently the Executive Director of ISRA. He is currently a member of Bank Negara 
Malaysia Shariah Advisory Council (SAC), member of Shariah Advisory Employees Provident Fund 
(EPF), member of HSBC Amanah Global Shariah Advisory Board, member of Yassar Limited (Dubai) 
Shariah Advisory Board, member of EAB (London) Shariah Advisory Board, Chairman of Islamic

--- Page 170 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
Advisory Board of HSBC Insurance Singapore, Shariah adviser to ZI Syariah Advisory Malaysia, member 
of Shariah Advisory Council International Islamic Financial Market (IIFM), Bahrain, Committee member 
of AAOIFI Shariah Standards, Bahrain and other boards across the globe. He is also a member of the Board 
of Studies of the Institute of Islamic Banking and Finance, IIUM. 
Prof. Dr. Laldin holds a BA honours degree in Islamic Jurisprudence and Legislation from the University 
of Jordan, Amman, Jordan and a PhD in Principles of Islamic Jurisprudence (Usul al-Fiqh) from the 
University of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom. He has presented many papers related to Islamic 
Banking and Finance and other Fiqh topics and has conducted many training sessions, particularly on 
Islamic Banking and Finance for different sectors since 1999. He is also a prolific author of academic 
works, specifically in the areas of Islamic banking and finance. He is the recipient of Zaki Badawi Award 
2010 for Excellence in Shariah Advisory and Research. He has participated and presented papers in 
numerous local and international conferences. 
Dr. Ibrahim Ali Al Mansoori 
Dr. Al Mansoori is a prominent Shariah scholar from the UAE with an active focus on the Islamic banking 
and finance industry. He is currently serving as Director of Sharjah Islamic Center for Economy and 
Finance Studies and the Assistant Professor of Economy and Islamic Banks, University of Sharjah. 
Dr. Al Mansoori is currently serving as the Chairman of the Internal Shariah Supervision Committee (ISSC) 
of Al Hilal Bank and a member of various internal Shariah supervision committees of Islamic financial 
institutions. 
Dr. Al Mansoori holds a PhD in Economics and Islamic Banking, as well as two Masters degrees in 
Economics and Islamic Banking and Pedagogical Psychology. He has authored various research papers on 
contemporary matters relating to Islamic banking. 
Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee 
Sheikh Dr. Muhammad Abdulrahim Sultan Al Olama 
See the description of Sheikh Dr. Muhammad Abdulrahim Sultan Al Olama set out above. 
Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali 
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Dr. Amin Fateh  
See "Management and Employees – Board Committees – EI Shariah Committee". 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem 
See the description of Dr. Muhammad Qaseem set out above.

--- Page 171 ---
TRUSTEE 
EI Sukuk Company Ltd. 
c/o MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093 
Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands 
OBLIGOR 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 6564 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
DELEGATE 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
Citibank Europe Plc, Ireland 
1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 1080 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 6564 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 172 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee as to Cayman Islands law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To the Obligor as to Dubai law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15 
Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Delegate as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
Ninth Floor, Currency House 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506516 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE OBLIGOR 
Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) 
Building 3, Level 6 
Emaar Square 
Downtown Dubai 
P.O. Box 4254, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland