--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 
EIKA BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Under this €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Covered Term Note Programme (the Programme), Eika Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes 
(the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (the VPS Notes) cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Issuer or the Notes that are subject 
of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Regulated Market. References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market. VPS Notes may be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market and, in this case, listed (and all related references) shall be construed accordingly. 
This Offering Circular is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA).  The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this 
Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not 
contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing 
Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other regulated markets (within the meaning of MiFID II) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  The Central Bank 
of Ireland has provided the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (the Norwegian FSA), in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway, with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Offering Circular has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s). In addition, the Issuer has an issuer rating of Baa1, a long-term Counterparty 
Risk Assessment of A3 (cr), a short-term Counterparty Risk Assessment of P-2 (cr) and a long-term Counterparty Risk Rating of A3 (cr), each from Moody’s. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a certain Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. For 
the purposes of any credit ratings included and referred to in this Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement), 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Moody’s is not established in the EEA and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Arranger and Dealers 
COMMERZBANK 
NATIXIS 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
The date of this Offering Circular is 5 August 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in 
this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Offering 
Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and (in the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes) the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein) or (in the 
case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent (as defined herein), as applicable. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM 
TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular 
and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering 
Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the 
Kingdom of Norway), the UK, Singapore and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes 
and the registration in Euronext VPS (as defined herein) or another central securities depository which 
is properly authorised or recognised by the Norwegian FSA as being entitled to register such bonds 
pursuant to the CSD Act/CSDR (as defined herein) of VPS Notes. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars and to NKR, 
NKr or NOK refer to Norwegian Krone. In addition, all references to Sterling and £ refer to pounds 
sterling and to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (including Notes where the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Interest Provisions are Floating Rate) may, if so specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to a Reference Rate. As at the date of this 
Offering Circular, each of the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR)), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of the Norwegian 
Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR)) and the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as administrator 
of the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (CIBOR)) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, (i) the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, and (ii) following the submission by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility of an application for authorisation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 27 
December 2021, Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) may continue to be used, unless and 
until such authorisation is refused. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
 ________________________________  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)), (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................ 8 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 27 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 30 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 33 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................ 49 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes ................................................................... 66 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ............................................................................................ 100 
Use of proceeds ................................................................................................................................... 132 
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds .................................................. 133 
Eika Boligkreditt AS ........................................................................................................................... 138 
Summary of the Swap Agreements ..................................................................................................... 144 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes ..................................................................................... 148 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 149 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 151 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 157

--- Page 8 ---
1 
Overview of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
Overview. 
Issuer: 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300T7MMTBQXCJOQ79 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include credit risk, 
liquidity risk, operational risks and competition. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series 
of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Natixis 
 
UBS AG 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering Circular. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
2 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
DNB Bank ASA 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in euro, Norwegian Kroner, Swedish 
Krona, Danish Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) may also provide that Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity applies. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies and the Issuer has 
both (a) received approval from the Norwegian FSA to extend 
the maturity of the relevant Notes by 12 months as a result of (i) 
either (A) there being, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, 
both (1) reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under 
resolution in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that 
any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing or (B) the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance having resolved to place the 
Issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings and 
(ii) there being, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, a 
reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Notes and (where applicable) the Coupons will be met within 12 
months, and (b) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount of 
the applicable Series of Notes, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
3 
Supplement) in full on their Maturity Date, then the Issuer’s 
obligation to pay any unpaid part of such Final Redemption 
Amount will be automatically deferred until the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes”), provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) 
due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by 
the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will 
be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date (or any earlier Interest Payment Date on 
which the Notes are redeemed in full). 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, as 
specified in the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented 
by a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), for Definitive Notes. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for bearer notes and vice 
versa. See “Form of the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating 
either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
4 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if (i) Reference Rate 
Replacement is specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Note) and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes); 
and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Reference Rate, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each 
term as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or the Independent Adviser so appointed fails to make 
such determinations, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) is permitted to make such 
determinations, as further described in Condition 3.2(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 3(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are unlisted, 
denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in 
Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. The 
Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
5 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the 
event of any such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will not 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or 
deducted. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain events of default. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued on an unconditional and unsubordinated 
basis and in accordance with Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II of the 
Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) 
and Chapter 11, Sub-chapter I of the Regulations of 9 December 
2016 nr. 1502 on Financial Undertakings (forskrift 9. desember 
2016 
nr. 
1502 
om 
finansforetak 
og 
finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations). The Notes and 
any other covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act and the Regulations 
(together, the Covered Bonds), together with the Issuer’s 
obligations under the swaps and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
6 
Covered Bonds (the Swaps), have the benefit of priority of 
claim to a cover pool of certain registered eligible assets (the 
Cover Pool) upon public administration of the Issuer. See also 
“Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered 
Bonds”.  
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s. Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated by Moody’s or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) and will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes (other than VPS Notes) 
issued under the Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes and admit VPS 
Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. Any such applications will be in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS 
Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange from time to time. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Exempt Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be VPS Notes and whether such Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law 
save for Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes which will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 
March 2019 No. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
7 
Act) which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) 
into Norwegian law, and any regulations passed under the CSD 
Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case 
as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the 
Kingdom of Norway), the UK, Singapore, Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Liquidity requirements: 
The Issuer has established systems for prudent liquidity 
management for the purpose of meeting its payment obligations 
in respect of interest and principal due and payable on the 
Covered Bonds issued by it from time to time in accordance with 
the requirements of the Act and Regulations. See also “Summary 
of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
Risk Factors 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may face difficulties that will affect the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. The Issuer believes that the following factors 
may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Offering Circular and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at 
all 
The Issuer’s lending is to some extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s borrowings. Therefore, 
the Issuer is dependent on its ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. Depending on overall 
market conditions, there is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings, or that 
it will be required to do so at a cost significantly higher than originally anticipated. The Issuer may 
defer repayment of such Notes from their scheduled Maturity Date until a later date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) provided 
that Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for such Notes and the Issuer receives a Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval from the Norwegian FSA.  
In particular, recent instability in Ukraine has resulted in considerable political uncertainty. This 
instability and uncertainty, as well as financial sanctions being imposed on Russia by (amongst others) 
the United States, the European Union (EU) and the UK, has (amongst other things) caused increased 
volatility in financial markets and may cause the market to be more difficult to access at times.  
The Issuer is however dependent on maintaining its credit ratings in order to be able to refinance its 
borrowings on commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon 
which the Issuer is able to obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool or the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors (as defined below), such as the deterioration of the residential 
property market in Norway or a downturn in the international or domestic financial markets, may affect 
the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade 
will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, but 
could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the 
Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive 
position of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with 
the Issuer. Additionally, if a Swap Provider (as defined herein) suffers a ratings downgrade and the 
affected Swaps cannot be transferred to an eligible replacement Swap Provider, the rating of the Notes 
may be adversely affected as a result. 
Furthermore, the market turmoil caused by the global outbreak of the coronavirus (Covid) in 2020 
meant that it was more difficult for the Issuer to refinance its borrowings on commercial satisfactory

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
9 
terms for a period of time during 2020. Since the pandemic is still ongoing, this situation could arise 
again, or a similar situation could arise due to a similar or different type of pandemic in the future. 
Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in refinancing its borrowings on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all and ultimately adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to make timely payments 
in respect of the Notes.  
Default on mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes 
In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and 
increased disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand 
for real estate, and consequently loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. 
The growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to significant 
growth in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability of 
some residential mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage borrowers 
have floating interest rate mortgages, and are consequently exposed to the risk of interest rate increases. 
The majority of the residential mortgages included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are subject to floating 
interest rates. Even a moderate rise in interest rates may lead to a significantly higher interest burden, 
and a material reduction of disposable income, for residential mortgage borrowers who have taken on 
high levels of debt. 
The long-term economic consequences of Covid did have an impact on the Norwegian economic 
performance in 2020, with a decline in the gross domestic product (GDP) and an increase in the 
unemployment rate on average for 2020 and 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, all restrictions 
introduced by the Norwegian government to contain the Covid pandemic, except a few minor ones to 
protect certain vulnerable groups, have been rescinded. The vaccination rate of the Norwegian 
population is high, the GDP output at year-end 2021 was above the level at year-end 2019 and 
unemployment is now below the level before the outbreak of the pandemic. There is however still a risk 
that a new variant may surface that does not respond to the current vaccines, which may again affect 
the ability of borrowers to meet their payment obligations on their mortgages. 
In addition, other geopolitical factors may have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy. 
In particular, recent instability in Ukraine has resulted in considerable political uncertainty. This 
instability and uncertainty, as well as financial sanctions being imposed on Russia by the United States, 
the EU and the UK, has caused increased volatility in financial markets and has added to upwards 
pressure on prevailing energy prices. The effects of the events in Ukraine and any further escalation of 
hostilities in the region, on the Norwegian economy is extremely difficult to predict. However, whilst 
the Issuer does not have any direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine, there can be no assurance that such 
events or other geopolitical factors will not have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy 
which may lead borrowers to be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, which in in 
turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
If the relevant interest rates rises and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable 
to meet their payment obligations on their mortgages. Although overall price rises have so far been 
more contained in Norway compared to other countries, however, prices of electricity and fuel have 
risen sharply over the past year. Food prices are also expected to rise significantly due to the increase 
in global commodity prices and production costs. Significant inflation, in combination with increased 
interest rates on mortgage loans, will further increase the financial burden on borrowers. For 
households, the risks associated with higher consumer prices will be mitigated by a rise in wages, based 
on the results of the wage bargaining process so far in 2022. For companies, a higher wage bill may 
imply a further draw on their financial balances. Each of the above scenarios, may also lead borrowers

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
10 
to be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, which in in turn may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to perform their obligations under the Notes. 
If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
claim the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. If, in 
the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court decision or the 
real estate market in Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to 
recover the entire amount of the mortgage loan. Further, should the prices of real property and the 
housing market in Norway substantially decline, the value of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage 
loans might be adversely affected. Any failure to recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans 
could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, which are backed by 
payments from the mortgage loans included in the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer is dependent on its owner banks, their competitive market position and the demand 
for their products 
The mortgages originated by the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors represent a dynamic pool, particularly 
because of the high refinancing ratio in the Norwegian mortgage market.  
The Eika Boligkreditt Distributors’ ability to originate mortgages on behalf of the Issuer depends on 
the competitive market position of the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors and the demand for their products. 
A general downturn in the Norwegian economy (for example due to long-term effects of Covid, 
geopolitical uncertainty and/or a downturn in the international financial markets), regulatory changes 
affecting the residential mortgage market and/or interest rate rises may result in a decrease in the 
demand for residential property and, therefore, residential mortgages. A decrease in the demand for the 
Eika Boligkreditt Distributors’ products will lead to less than expected mortgages being transferred 
from the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors to the Issuer. A significant reduction in the size of the mortgage 
portfolio will adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes and the 
value of the Cover Pool. 
Each Eika Boligkreditt Distributor’s ownership share is rebalanced at least once a year in accordance 
with the Shareholders Agreement between the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors, the Issuer and Eika 
Gruppen AS (the SA) to reflect each Eika Boligkreditt Distributor’s share of the total volume of 
mortgage loans distributed by the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors. 
Accordingly, the identity and obligation of each Eika Boligkreditt Distributor to provide financial 
support to the Issuer pursuant to the SA may change over time. The credit rating of the Issuer is affected 
by the participation of the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors. 
In the event that: 
(i) an Eika Boligkreditt Distributor significantly reduces its portfolio of mortgage loans; or 
(ii) an Eika Boligkreditt Distributor, or a group of Eika Boligkreditt Distributors, holding a 
significant portfolio of mortgage loans choose to terminate its or their agreement with the 
Eika alliance or with the Issuer; or 
(iii) an Eika Boligkreditt Distributor fails to comply with its obligations under such an agreement, 
the value of the Cover Pool may be adversely affected.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
11 
Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to 
Noteholders not receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes so long 
as the Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Act and the 
Regulations. Public administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or 
similar remedy by the Noteholders or the providers of the Swaps (the Swap Providers). The public 
administration board may take any action considered necessary to ensure that the holders of the Notes 
and the Swap Providers receive agreed and timely payment on the Notes and the Swaps, including 
selling assets in the Cover Pool and issuing new Notes and entering into new derivative instruments 
with a right of priority in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the Noteholders. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public 
administration board shall set a date to halt payments. The amount of claims with a right of priority to 
the assets included in the Cover Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments 
takes effect. 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the 
Cover Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the 
liquidation of any other assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool 
maintained by the Issuer). The Noteholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other holder 
of Covered Bonds, providers of Swap Providers and the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all unsecured, unsubordinated claims in full, 
Noteholders could be unable to collect the full balance of their claims against the Issuer. 
The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps and 
Currency Swaps with various Swap Providers. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts 
due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under a Swap and any applicable grace period 
has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Swap. The Issuer’s default under a Swap due 
to non-payment or otherwise will suspend the relevant Swap Provider’s obligation to make further 
payments under that Swap, and the relevant Swap Provider may on certain conditions terminate the 
relevant Swap.  
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, exercises its right to 
terminate a Swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be 
exposed to changes in interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the 
ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant swap agreement, such swap agreement may be 
terminated. In any such scenario, the Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement 
Interest Rate and/or Currency Swap (as applicable) on commercially acceptable terms or at all.  
Unless a replacement Swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments 
due on its Notes in case of material fluctuations between either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest 
rates payable on the Cover Pool assets and the applicable interest rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency 
Swaps, the currency of the Cover Pool assets and the currency of the Notes. 
Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be 
obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination 
payment will be based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap,

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
12 
as the case may be. Any termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank 
pari passu with claims for payments due to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to 
make the termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may 
be used to make such termination payments which will reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other 
preferential claims, such as the Notes. 
Operational risks 
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk 
of incurring losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and 
control routines or by external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to 
compliance risks (including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of 
practice in Norway and other markets where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk 
management strategies and procedures are not sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated 
or unidentified risks. 
Further examples of relevant operational risks the Issuer is exposed to are (but not limited to) the 
following:  
Settlement risk: e.g. the possibility that the Issuer has already paid a counterparty or given irrevocable 
instruction for a transfer of cash or securities, but the corresponding delivery of cash or securities, or, 
as the case may be, return payment does not settle at the agreed time as a consequence of default or a 
failure in the relevant settlement system. 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, anti-bribery and sanctions 
rules: As a credit institution, the Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-
money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and economic sanctions, such as the Norwegian Act of 1 
June 2018 no. 23 relating to measures to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism  
(hvitvaskingsloven).  The Issuer’s compliance risk management systems and policies may not be fully 
effective in preventing all violations of laws, regulations and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on financial 
institutions and requires significant technical capabilities.  
Any failure by the Issuer or Eika Boligkreditt Distributors to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations, including those relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other 
inappropriate or illegal transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to 
reputation, issuance of business improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of 
operations or, in extreme cases, adversely affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or 
withdrawal of authorisation to operate. These consequences may harm the Issuer’s reputation, resulting 
in loss of customer or market confidence in the Issuer or otherwise in deterioration of its business 
environment and may adversely affect its business and results of operations.  
Failure in compliance with data protection and privacy laws and risk of being targeted by 
cybercriminals: The Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data 
privacy and protection, including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 
nr. 38 om behandling av personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
(General Data Protection Regulation). The requirements of these laws and regulations may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to collect, process and use personal, employee and other data. Enforcement of data 
privacy legislation has become increasingly frequent and could result in the Issuer being subjected to 
claims from its customers that it has infringed their privacy rights, and it could consequently face 
administrative proceedings (including criminal proceedings) initiated by the Norwegian Data Protection 
Authority. In addition, any enquiries made, or proceedings initiated by, individuals or regulators may 
lead to negative publicity and potential liability for the Issuer and Eika Boligkreditt Distributors. Non-
compliance with these standards may lead to the Issuer facing substantial fines.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the Issuer’s 
and Eika Boligkreditt Distributors’ systems are essential to the Issuer’s objective of maintaining 
customer confidence and ensuring compliance with data privacy legislation. If the Issuer, Eika 
Boligkreditt Distributors or any third party suppliers fails to transmit customer information and payment 
details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online transactions, or if 
third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuer’s confidential information, the Issuer and Eika Boligkreditt 
Distributors may lose customers and potential customers may be deterred from using Eika Boligkreditt 
Distributors’ products and services, which could expose the Issuer to liability and could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Failure in compliance with financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision: 
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and 
supervision, all of which are subject to continuous development and updates. Some regulatory 
requirements are more general in nature (e.g. requiring the Issuer to maintain a “prudent” level of risk) 
while some are more specific, such as minimum liquidity requirements and capital adequacy 
regulations. Overall there is a trend of increasing regulatory scrutiny of the financial service business 
within which the Issuer operates. Any significant regulatory development or increased supervision 
could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the products and services it offers 
and the value of its assets. Further, such changes may result in increased compliance costs and may 
affect the Issuer’s results of operations. Breach of regulatory requirements may cause regulatory action 
being taken towards the Issuer by the Norwegian FSA or other Norwegian regulators. 
RISK RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
The value of the Notes will be affected by market interest rates 
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes is 
fixed for the duration of such Notes, the market interest rate on the capital markets typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Notes also changes. 
Consequently, if the market interest rate rises, the value of the Fixed Rate Notes declines accordingly. 
Investment in Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating reference rates such as 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR and €STR, as applicable, and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in 
advance. Furthermore, where the Floating Rate Notes do not provide for a Minimum Rate of Interest 
above zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest payments during one or more Interest 
Periods if the applicable Reference Rate decreases or increases to a certain level. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value. The 
difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. 
Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. The market values of Zero Coupon Notes tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in market interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Automatic deferral of the Maturity Date upon receipt of a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for any Series of Notes, and the Issuer 
has both (i) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of such Series of Notes on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) and (ii) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, then the Issuer’s 
obligation to pay any part of the Final Redemption Amount not paid by the Issuer on the scheduled 
Maturity Date will be automatically deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Norwegian FSA may grant a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval if (i) either (A) there is, in the 
opinion of the Norwegian FSA, both (1) reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under resolution 
in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from 
failing or (B) the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or 
public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, a reasonable 
prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the relevant Notes and (if applicable) Coupons will 
be met within 12 months. Furthermore, a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval may only be granted 
if such maturity extension does not affect the Noteholders’ order of priority in respect of the Cover 
Pool. 
In the event that the objective triggers for a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval are met, a 
subsequent declaration on the Issuer’s bankruptcy or resolution would not affect the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity. 
The Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date will, if applicable, fall 12 months after the Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. In 
these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount 
in full on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer provided the Issuer 
has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval. However, failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date and/or (ii) any interest accrued on the relevant Notes on each applicable Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date shall 
constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Basis, Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Periods may change as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
In respect of any Note issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating 
to any specific Tranche of Notes may describe such Notes as “Green Bonds” or otherwise provide that 
it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Notes specifically 
for Eligible Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and 
other environmental purposes (such Notes being referred to as, Green Bonds). The Issuer has published 
a framework relating to investments in Eligible Green Loans and the issuance of Green Bonds, which 
is available on the Issuer’s website (as updated or replaced from time to time, the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is not incorporated by 
reference in, and shall not form part of, this Offering Circular.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Offering Circular and/or the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) regarding 
such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds 
for any Eligible Green Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to the impact (whether direct or indirect) of any environmental, sustainability or social projects 
or uses which are the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Loans). Furthermore, it should 
be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset, or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” 
or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. Even if such definition or market consensus should develop or be established, 
no assurance can be given that any Eligible Green Loans or Green Bonds will meet such definition or 
consensus requirements. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any Eligible 
Green Loans or Green Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, nor that they comply with the 
criteria of any taxonomies, common standards or other framework relating to green investments.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds 
and in particular with any Eligible Green Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall they be 
deemed to be, incorporated in or form part of this Offering Circular. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall they be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
date that opinion or certification was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to the impact (whether direct or indirect) of any environmental, 
sustainability or social projects or uses which are the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loans). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, this Offering 
Circular and/or the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes), there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this.  
Pending allocation of the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, an amount equal to such proceeds will be 
held or invested on a temporary basis, at the Issuer’s discretion, in its liquidity portfolio in money market 
instruments. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any Green 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Any failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds as 
aforesaid will not constitute an event of default or, as the case may be, enforcement event under the 
relevant Green Bonds. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, and also potentially the value of any 
other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Eligible Green Loans, and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Issuer’s Green Bonds may not meet any future 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or 
“sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer’s website and the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as further 
described in “Use of Proceeds” below) for further information. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES GENERALLY 
No gross-up 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on account 
of withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, in which 
case such deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
Norway levies withholding tax on certain interest payments from Norway. The withholding obligation 
only applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low tax 
jurisdictions. Due to the Issuer’s constitution as a credit institution wholly owned by Norwegian savings 
banks, and the Issuer not having any ownership in non-Norwegian subsidiaries, the Issuer does not 
expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on the Notes. 
In the event of the withholding tax being implemented and if the payments of interest in respect of an 
issue of Notes are subject to withholding tax, the Issuer would not be required to gross up such interest 
payments, which may lead to Noteholders receiving less interest than what they would otherwise be 
entitled to under the terms of the Notes.  
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of loans which are secured on residential property or on title documents 
relating to residential property, holiday homes, claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against 
Covered Bond Swap Providers and certain substitution assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply 
with the terms of the Act and the Regulations. In particular, the Regulations determine maximum debt 
to value ratios of mortgages included in the Cover Pool (currently maximum debt is 80 per cent. of the 
prudent market value in the case of residential mortgages). At the date of this Offering Circular, the 
properties over which mortgages are created are located in Norway. The value of the Cover Pool may 
therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in Norway. Investors will 
not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans and other assets included 
in the Cover Pool and it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to 
time.  
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer has undertaken in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes and Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes to ensure that, for as long as the 
Notes are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool shall at all times be at least (i) 105 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer having 
recourse to such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect of derivative contracts) or (ii) such other 
Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. The ratings of the 
Covered Bonds are based, amongst other things, on an assumption of a certain level of 
overcollateralisation and the relevant rating agencies may change the level of overcollateralisation that 
is required for maintaining the ratings of the Notes from time to time. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer 
to maintain the overcollateralisation of the Notes at the original level or the level required by the relevant 
rating agencies (subject to compliance with Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes or Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be) or 
to increase the overcollateralisation of the Notes in the event that the rating agencies require an increase 
to maintain the rating, and the Issuer cannot guarantee that a certain rating of the Notes will be 
maintained throughout the term of the Notes. 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, the occurrence of which would entitle 
the Noteholders to accelerate the Notes and it is envisaged that Noteholders would only be paid the

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
scheduled interest payments under the Notes as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. 
The absence of any events of default from the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes may make it less likely that the Noteholders will recoup 
their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Failure by the Issuer to meet applicable overcollateralisation rules may affect the value and 
liquidity of the Notes 
The Act and the Regulations provide that holders of Covered Bonds have an exclusive and prioritised 
right of claim over the Cover Pool, on a pari passu basis between themselves and other holders of 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and/or counterparties to derivative contracts relating to the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds. The Act and Regulations require the value of the assets in the Cover Pool to at all times 
exceed the value of the claims on the Cover Pool. Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance is entitled under 
the Act to pass regulations stipulating how much higher the value of the Cover Pool must be compared 
to the value of the claims on the Cover Pool at any time (overcollateralisation). As at the date of this 
Offering Circular, Section 11-7 of the Regulations requires the value of the assets in the Issuer’s Cover 
Pool to constitute a minimum of 105 per cent. of the total payable amount of the Issuer’s outstanding 
Covered Bonds having preferential claims against the Cover Pool (overcollateralisation). See “Summary 
of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”. 
When calculating overcollateralisation according to Norwegian legal requirements, the portion of the 
loans exceeding the 80 per cent. loan to value limit (for residential mortgages) and the 60 per cent. loan 
to value limit (for other property mortgages) should not be included in the calculation. If there are 
indications that the value of a mortgaged property in relation to which the associated mortgage loan has 
been included in the Cover Pool has declined materially relative to general market prices, the Issuer has 
to ensure a review of the valuation of that property by a valuer who possesses the necessary 
qualifications, ability and experience to execute a valuation and who is independent from the credit 
decision process. Consequently, if the value of a mortgage property declines significantly after the 
mortgage loan has been included in the Cover Pool, the Issuer may no longer be able to count the value 
of the relevant mortgage loan at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Pool towards the 
overcollateralisation requirement (as to which see further detail in the section headed “Summary of the 
Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”), even if the mortgage loan is fully preforming.  
A breach of the overcollateralisation requirements prior to public administration of the Issuer in 
circumstances where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to 
acquire additional assets could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds, which 
may prevent the refinancing of existing Covered Bonds and possibly reducing the liquidity of existing 
Covered Bonds. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be changed without the consent of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent 
may, without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than VPS Notes and

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
the Couponholders as described in Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement (as defined below) provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree 
to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes without prior 
approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that: 
 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders 
in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and 
mistakes; or 
 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
Subject to the above conditions being met, such modifications or amendments may be effectuated 
without the consent of a Noteholder, or against such Noteholder’s wishes. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or 
may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a 
Plan) with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate 
Insolvency and Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of 
those financial difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into 
creditor classes and can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English 
courts for having no genuine economic interest in the Issuer).  Providing that one class of creditors (who 
would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and 
in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off 
under the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation 
or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of 
its discretion.  A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of whether they 
approved it.  Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as it may have the effect 
of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down the principal 
amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on which 
any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). 
Change of law may have an impact on the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes are based on English law save for 
Condition 2 of such Conditions, which is governed by Norwegian law in effect as at the date of this 
Offering Circular. 
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are based on English law, save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 
and 12 of such Conditions, which are governed by Norwegian law.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Norwegian law or administrative practice in England or Norway after the date of this Offering Circular 
and any such change could materially and adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Issuance of definitive notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
RISK 
RELATING 
TO 
THE 
REGULATORY, 
POLITICAL 
AND 
ECONOMIC 
ENVIRONMENT OF THE ISSUER AND THE NOTES 
Regulatory changes may have an adverse impact on the Issuer and the Notes  
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and 
supervision. It is widely expected that there may be an increase in regulation and supervision of the 
financial industry. Any significant regulatory development or increased supervision could have an 
adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the products and services it offers and the value 
of its assets. Further, such changes may result in increased compliance costs and may affect the Issuer’s 
results of operations. 
Under EEA law, credit mortgage institutions (such as the Issuer) fall within the definition of a credit 
institution as set out in Directive 2013/36 (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 (CRR) (together, the 
CRD IV Package). The CRD IV Package was fully transposed into Norwegian law on 31 December 
2019. In June 2021, the Norwegian Parliament passed legislations implementing (EU) 2019/878 (CRD 
V) and (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II) into Norwegian law, which entered into force on 1 June 2022. 
With an aim to maintain existing capital requirements in real terms following Norway’s implementation 
of the CRD IV Package in December 2019, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted changes in 
credit institutions’ capital requirements by increasing the systemic risk buffer from 3 per cent. to 4.5 
per cent. for domestic exposures. The increased systemic risk buffer requirement took effect from 31 
December 2020 for domestic exposures that are subject to the advanced IRB approach. For exposures 
that are subject to the standardised approach (such as the Issuer’s exposures), the change in the systemic 
risk buffer requirement will apply from 31 December 2022. 
Under the Act, a credit institution shall, under Pillar 1, hold own funds equaling at least 8 per cent. of 
its risk-weighted assets (RWA). At least 4.5 per cent of the own funds requirement must be met with 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and at least 1.5 per cent. must be met with Additional Tier 1. The 
remaining 2 per cent. may be met with Tier 2. In addition to the minimum requirement of 4.5 per cent. 
of CET1, the Act imposes various capital buffer requirements, which must also be met with CET1. 
The capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., (ii) a systemic risk 
buffer of 3 per cent. (4.5 per cent. from 1 January 2023) and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of maximum 
2.5 per cent. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the counter-cyclical buffer rate is 1.5 per cent (2.0 
per cent. from 31 December 2022 and 2.5 per cent. from 31 March 2023). 
Pursuant to regulations currently in force, the leverage ratio requirement is 5 per cent. for banks and 3 
per cent. for credit mortgage institutions (such as the Issuer).   
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer meets the regulatory capital requirements to which it 
is subject.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
Failure to comply with any of the above-mentioned capital requirements applicable to it or other 
regulatory requirements, may have adverse consequences for the business and operations of the Issuer. 
Regulatory changes imposing stricter capital requirements could have an adverse effect on how the 
Issuer conducts its business and may adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
Noteholders are facing an exchange rate risk 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The Notes may not have established, or be able to develop, a trading market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Other Regulatory Developments 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability 
through increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity 
positions. This has resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages 
of implementation and which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in 
covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved 
significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being 
commonly referred to as Basel III (Basel III)). Basel III provided for a substantial strengthening of 
prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened 
requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for 
financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio). BCBS member countries agreed to implement Basel 
III from 1 January 2013. In December 2017, the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to 
the Basel III framework (such changes being commonly referred to as Basel IV), and the BCBS 
members originally agreed to implement Basel IV from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and 
phase-in arrangements for certain requirements up to January 2027. In response to Covid, BCBS 
decided to postpone the implementation by one year to 1 January 2023. On 27 October 2021, the

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
European Commission proposed to implement Basel IV with effect from 1 January 2025 with 
transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year period.  
As implementation of Basel IV requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible 
assets or not), may be subject to some level of national variation. It should also be noted that changes 
to regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through 
participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework for Europe. 
On 27 November 2019, the European Parliament adopted a harmonised EU covered bond framework. 
The framework includes a new directive for covered bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Article 129 of the CRR (collectively, the EU 
Covered Bond Reforms). 
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on the implementation 
of the EU Covered Bond Reforms. The legislative proposal was based on a consultative paper published 
by the Norwegian FSA on 13 January 2020, and took effect on 8 July 2022. Implementation of the new 
EU Covered Bond Reforms imposed new requirements on the Issuer such as an increased 
overcollateralisation requirement (from 2 to 5 per cent.), a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 days 
and objective triggers for the exercise of extendable maturity (also known as ‘soft bullet’) rights by the 
Issuer. See “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”. 
Currently, Norwegian covered bonds comply with the CRR and therefore qualify for a 10 per cent. risk 
weighting in eligible European jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the 
regulatory developments described above will impact the treatment of the Notes. Prospective investors 
should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and any corresponding 
implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable 
regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. No predictions can be made as to 
the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise, and the implementation of the 
regulatory developments described above may have an adverse effect on the Notes and their value.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR and CIBOR) are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Separately, in Norway, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK has explored 
the possibility of an alternative reference rate and consequences of discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, 
it recommended a modified Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average (NOWA) as the alternative 
reference rate for NIBOR, which from 1 January 2020 has been administered by the Norwegian Central 
Bank (Norges Bank). The working group continued its work through 2020 by establishing two 
subgroups - a group for market standards and fallback provisions and a group for exploring the 
establishment of an Overnight Index Swap market in NOK. On 28 September 2020, the working group 
published a consultation paper on fallback provisions and term and spread adjustments between NIBOR 
and NOWA upon discontinuation of NIBOR. The consultation paper was updated by the working group 
in November 2021. Subsequently, in December 2021, the working group published guidelines on the 
use of NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. Since 29 April 2021, the Norwegian 
Central Bank has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages to 
further support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of 
any Notes referencing such benchmark. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and CIBOR): (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
If (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as the manner in which 
the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes); and (ii) a Benchmark Event 
(as described in the Conditions of the Relevant Notes) occurs, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes contain fallback arrangements 
that will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) 
could be set or, as the case may be, determined by reference to a successor reference rate or an 
alternative reference rate (as applicable), in either case as adjusted by reference to an applicable 
adjustment spread, all as determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
determination, the Issuer, in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as described more fully in the Conditions of the Relevant Notes. An adjustment spread could 
be positive, negative or zero and may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to investors arising out of the replacement of the original reference rate 
with the successor reference rate or the alternative reference rate (as the case may be).  The use of a 
successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (including with the application of the applicable 
adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes referencing an original reference rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the original 
reference rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Conditions of the 
Relevant Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor 
reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the 
relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable adjustment spread. 
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder, or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to such Noteholder or 
Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes (including Notes where the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Interest Provisions are Floating Rate) based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
reference rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes (including Notes where the Statutory Extended Maturity Interest Provisions are Floating Rate) or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes (including Notes where the Statutory Extended Maturity Interest Provisions are 
Floating Rate). Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor reference rate 
or alternative reference rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Noteholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes (including Notes where the Statutory Extended Maturity Interest 
Provisions are Floating Rate). Investors should further consult their own independent advisers and make 
their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the 
possible application of the Reference Rate Replacement provisions in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies 
that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the euro short-term rate 
(€STR), the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of either compounded daily €STR for the 
relevant Interest Period or weighted average €STR for the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable).  
€STR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that €STR 
is a backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rate, determined (if Compounded Daily is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) as the Calculation Method) on a 
compounded basis, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes 
a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and 
€STR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
The use of €STR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing €STR. Accordingly, prospective 
investors in any Notes referencing €STR should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to inter-
bank offered rates. For example, in the context of backwards-looking risk free rates, market participants 
and relevant working groups are currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and 
weighted average rates, and such groups are also exploring forward-looking ‘term’ €STR rates (which 
seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average €STR over a designated term).  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable to Notes referencing a €STR rate that are issued under the 
Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR-referenced Notes issued 
under the Programme. The nascent development of €STR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time 
to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference €STR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference €STR to estimate reliably the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Notes.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of €STR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing €STR. 
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank (the ECB), the Issuer has no control 
over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that €STR will not be

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Investors should therefore carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents, which have previously been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, (prepared in accordance with IFRS) together with the independent auditors’ 
report thereon, as set out in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020 on pages 50 to 82, which can be 
viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/financialreports/2020/v2/Annual-
report-2020---Eika-Boligkreditt-AS.pdf?la=en; 
(b) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021, (prepared in accordance with IFRS) together with the independent auditors’ 
report thereon, as set out in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 on pages 55 to 89, which can be 
viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/financialreports/2021/Annual-report-
2021--Eika-Boligkreditt-AS.pdf?la=en; 
(c) 
the unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the three months 
ended 31 March 2022, as set out in the Issuer’s Interim report for the first quarter 2022 on pages 
9 to 28, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/financialreports/2022/Eika-
Boligkreditt-AS---Report-1Q-2022.pdf?la=en; 
(d) 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 37-72 of the Offering Circular dated 7 
September 2011, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Offering-
Circular/OC-2011.pdf?la=en; 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 30-62 of the Offering Circular dated 19 
October 2012, which can be viewed online at: 
 https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Offering-
Circular/OC-2012.pdf?la=en; 
(iii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 40 to 73 of the Offering Circular dated 3 
September 2013, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-
boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/ICM17887739v1EIKAFINALCLEANOFFERINGCIRCUL
AR3SEPTEMBER2013.pdf?la=en; 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 41 to 76 of the Offering Circular dated 1 
October 2015, which can be viewed online at:

--- Page 35 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
28 
https://eikabk.no/-/media/banker/eika-
boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/emtcnfinalterms/Eika-Boligkreditt-AS--Offering-Circular-
2015-finalclean.pdf?la=en; 
(v) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 40 to 75 of the Offering Circular dated 
13 October 2016, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-
boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/ICM25416066v1OfferingCircularFinal-(1).pdf?la=en; 
(vi) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 45 to 80 of the Offering Circular dated 
13 October 2017, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Eika-Boligkreditt-AS-
EMTN-2017.pdf?la=en&hash=47E9882FF17F3A900F83FDC83478C53E2656112C;  
(vii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 47 to 88 of the Offering Circular dated 
12 October 2018, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/171552-Eika-
Boligkreddit-AS-EMTN-PU-CL.pdf?la=en;  
(viii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 49 to 103 of the Offering Circular dated 
11 October 2019, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Offering-Circular-
20bn-EUR-EMTCN-Programme-2019.pdf?la=en;  
(ix) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 54 to 116 of the Offering Circular dated 
19 October 2020, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Offering-
Circular/Eikbol-2020--Offering-Circular-FINAL.pdf?la=en; and 
(x) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes set out on pages 60 to 123 of the Offering Circular dated 
14 October 2021, which can be viewed online at: 
https://eikbol.no/-/media/banker/eika-boligkreditt/pdf/EMTCN/Offering-
Circular/UKO22003478171v1-Eika-2021--Offering-Circular-FINAL-
14102021.pdf?la=en. 
The auditor’s reports outlined above constitute accurate and direct translations of the Norwegian 
originals. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to

--- Page 36 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
29 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Certain information contained in the documents listed above has not been incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-
reference list above). Such information is either (i) not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes 
to be issued under the Programme or (ii) is covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
Form of the Notes 
Any reference in this section to “Applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the 
form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global 
Note, each a Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 38 ---
Form of the Notes 
31 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to 
the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Agent. 
The exchange of a Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes upon notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of the 
Issuer, should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued 
with a minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Note, or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes 
at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned

--- Page 39 ---
Form of the Notes 
32 
a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of 
the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the 
same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on 
and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 5 August 2022 and 
executed by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the above, a single Global Note in respect of each Tranche of Notes issued in Swiss 
francs and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. (the SIX Swiss Exchange) will be delivered to the 
SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation in Olten, Switzerland (SIS) or any such other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by Six Swiss Exchange (SIS or such other 
intermediary, the Intermediary) and will be exchanged for definitive Notes only in the limited 
circumstances set out in such Global Note. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal 
title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue 
of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the VPS Agent 
(the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a 
Final Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final 
Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS 
account details by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit 
each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place 
two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
VPS Notes will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
GENERAL 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Intermediary and/or Euronext 
VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
33 
Applicable Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II Product Governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
                                            
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 41 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
34 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM 
TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “[prescribed capital 
markets products]”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “[Excluded Investment Products]” (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]4 
[Date] 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300T7MMTBQXCJOQ79 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 5 August 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [ ] [and [ ]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering 
Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Offering Circular dated [7 September 2011/19 October 2012/3 September 2013/1 October 
2015/13 October 2016/13 October 2017/12 October 2018/11 October 2019/19 October 2020/14 
                                            
 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
4  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 42 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
35 
October 2021] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 5 August 2022. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] and must be read in conjunction 
with the Offering Circular dated 5 August 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [ ] [and [ ]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering 
Circular), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount: 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation 
of 
interest in global form see 
Conditions) 
[ ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
9. 
(a) 
Statutory Extended Final  
             Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Statutory Extended Final  
             Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]; in each case falling 12 months after the 
Maturity Date] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
36 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR][Compou
nded Daily €STR][Weighted Average €STR] +/- 
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[18] below)] 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable): 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR][Compou
nded Daily €STR][Weighted Average €STR] +/- 
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph 17 below)] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph [19]/[20] below)] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): For 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 44 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
37 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): For Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
set 
out 
in 
subparagraph (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
subparagraph (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Compounded Daily/Weighted 
Average] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[ ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR]][€STR] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable: [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[5/[ 
] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
38 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5/[ 
] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
Prospectus Regulation drawdown prospectus for 
the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
Compounding: 
 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Compounding Method') 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[Specify] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 46 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
39 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[Specify]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Averaging Method') 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[Specify] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[Specify]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
 
 
 
Index Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Index Method') 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift

--- Page 47 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
40 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Statutory Extended Maturity Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date (if applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(a) 
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): For Notes 
in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): For 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes 
in global form see 
Conditions) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
30/360

--- Page 48 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
41 
(b) 
Floating Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
set 
out 
in 
subparagraph (ii) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
subparagraph (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[  ] 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Compounded Daily/Weighted 
Average] 
 
Reference Rate: [[ ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR]][€STR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable: [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[ 
] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
42 
 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[ 
] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
Prospectus Regulation drawdown prospectus for 
the issue) 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[ ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
Compounding: 
 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Compounding Method') 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[Specify] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the

--- Page 50 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
43 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[Specify]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
 
 
 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Averaging Method') 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[Specify] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[Specify]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Index 
provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Index Method')

--- Page 51 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
44 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]  
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
Actual/365 (Sterling)  
Actual/360  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis]  
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
45 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Eika Boligkreditt AS: 
 
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 53 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
46 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(a) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading 
on 
the 
[Regulated 
Market 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin][Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [ ]. 
 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading 
on 
the 
[Regulated 
Market 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin][Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [ ]. 
(b) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been] / [are 
expected to be]] rated [ ] by Moody’s Investors 
Service Limited (Moody’s). 
 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business]. 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][ ] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for the offer are different

--- Page 54 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
47 
from general business purposes and/or Green 
Bonds, will need to include those reasons here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[ ] 
Indication of yield: 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Swiss Securities 
Services Corporation and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
[Euronext VPS (Address: Fred. Olsens gate 1, 
0152 Oslo, Norway), organisation no. [ ]] 
(iv) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is 
specified as “no” at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively

--- Page 55 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
48 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 56 ---
49 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]6 
[MiFID II/UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM 
                                            
 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
6  
Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 57 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
50 
TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “[prescribed capital 
markets products]”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “[Excluded Investment Products]” (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]7 
[Date] 
EIKA BOLIGKREDITT AS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300T7MMTBQXCJOQ79 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 5 August 2022 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering 
Circular. Copies of the Offering Circular may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Offering Circular]. Any reference in the Conditions to “Applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed 
to include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement”, where relevant. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[ ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
                                            
 
7  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 58 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
51 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date (if applicable)]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[ ] 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[ ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month]] 
9. 
(a) 
Statutory Extended Final  
             Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month]; in 
each case falling 12 months after the Maturity Date] 
[Not Applicable]  
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 59 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
52 
[[[ 
] 
month [ 
] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR] 
[Compounded 
Daily €STR][Weighted Average €STR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[18] below)] 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date (if applicable): 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ 
] 
month [ 
] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph 17 below)] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another Interest Basis or cross refer to paragraphs 16 
and 17 below if details are included there] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph [19]/[20] below) 
14. 
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): For Notes in 
definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions ) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 60 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
53 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): For 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions ) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in subparagraph (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Agent): 
[ ] 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/Compounded 
Daily/Weighted 
Average] 
(Not applicable unless €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[ ] month

--- Page 61 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
54 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/specify 
other 
Reference Rate]][€STR] 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR, €STR or 
other, although additional information is required if 
other, including fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
and the day falling a specified number of TARGET 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date if 
€STR) 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable: [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[ 
] TARGET Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[ 
] TARGET Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” 
and 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in a 
notes context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions. Include appropriate items to 
disapply these ISDA provisions and/or to include 
bespoke replacement provisions in the Conditions) 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[ ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
55 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
item 
'Compounding Method') 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
 
 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Averaging 
Method') 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 63 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
56 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index 
provisions: 
 
 
Index Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Index 
Method') 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date (if applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph (a))

--- Page 64 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
57 
(i) 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): For 
Notes 
in 
definitive 
form 
(and in relation 
to 
Notes 
in 
global form see 
Conditions) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s): For 
Notes 
in 
definitive 
form 
(and in relation 
to 
Notes 
in 
global form see 
Conditions) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
30/360 
(b) 
Floating Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph (b)) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specif
ied 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (ii) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in subparagraph (ii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 65 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
58 
(v) 
Party 
responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[ ] 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 Calculation 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/Compounded 
Daily/Weighted 
Average] 
 Reference 
Rate: 
[[ ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR[specify 
other 
Reference Rate]][€STR] 
 Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[ ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR 
and the day falling a specified number of TARGET 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date if 
€STR) 
 Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 Index 
Determinatio
n: 
[Applicable: [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] 
 Lag 
Look-
back Period: 
[5/[ 
] TARGET Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[ 
] TARGET Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reference Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” 
and 
“Calculation 
Agent

--- Page 66 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
59 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in a 
notes context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions. Include appropriate items to 
disapply these ISDA provisions and/or to include 
bespoke replacement provisions in the Conditions) 
 ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 Floating Rate 
Option: 
[ ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 Compoundin
g: 
 
 Compoundin
g Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
item 
'Compounding Method') 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 Averaging: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Averaging 
Method')

--- Page 67 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
60 
 Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 Index 
provisions: 
 
 Index 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Index 
Method') 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate 
of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Maximum Rate 
of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 68 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
61 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]

--- Page 69 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
62 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
“Form of the Notes” section in the Offering Circular 
and the Notes themselves. N.B. The exchange upon 
notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 above includes language substantially to 
the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not applicable in relation 
to any issue of Notes which is to be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give details]] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates to which subparagraphs 
16(c) and 17(b)(iii) above relate) 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Eika Boligkreditt AS: 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 70 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
63 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been] / [are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by Moody’s Investors 
Service Limited (Moody’s). 
 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][ ] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for the offer are different from 
general business purposes and/or Green Bonds, 
will need to include those reasons here) 
5. 
YIELD ( Fixed Rate Notes Only ) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear, Clearstream, 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
64 
Luxembourg 
or 
Swiss 
Securities 
Services 
Corporation and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euronext VPS, Norway (Address: Fred. Olsens 
gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway), organisation no. [ ]] 
(iv) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] [as [Principal] Swiss Paying Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as “no” at the date of this Pricing Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
not 
applicable/TEFRA D (Swiss practice)] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
65 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 73 ---
66 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Eika Boligkreditt AS (the 
Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II of the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 
2015 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and 
Chapter 11, Sub-chapter I of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 nr. 1502 on Financial Undertakings 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the 
Regulations). 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 5 August 2022 and made between the Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note and must be read in conjunction with these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this Note 
is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (a) the European Economic

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
67 
Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an 
Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed 
on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a 
reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed 
of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 5 August 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary or common safekeeper as the case may be for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext 
Dublin), the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only 
be obtainable from the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder producing evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
68 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, a Note denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in 
Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note which is deposited with SIX 
SIS Ltd. (SIS) or any intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX 
Swiss Exchange Ltd. (the SIX Swiss Exchange, and SIS or any such other intermediary the 
Intermediary) and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, 
such Global Note will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (Intermediated 
Securities) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder of the Notes deposited with the Intermediary shall have a quotal co-ownership 
interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in such Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, 
provided that for so long as such Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-
ownership interest shall be suspended and such Notes may only be transferred or otherwise 
disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz), i.e. by entry of the transferred Notes in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held through each 
participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Notes held in the form of Intermediated 
Securities, the holders of such Notes will be the persons holding the Notes in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their own name or, in the case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Notes for their own 
account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their own name.

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
69 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Intermediary, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act. 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act 
and the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined 
below) with respect to the Notes, any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer and derivative 
contracts having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a minimum of (a) 105 per 
cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by 
the Issuer having recourse to such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect of derivative 
contracts) or (b) such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and 
notified to the Agent and each of the Rating Agencies (the Alternative Overcollateralisation 
Percentage), provided that: 
(i) 
the Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as the Notes are 
outstanding, be less than 102.75 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer having recourse to such Cover 
Pool (taking into account the effect of derivative contracts); and 
(ii) 
without prejudice to Condition 2.2(i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time select an 
Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless (A) the credit rating assigned to the 
Notes at such time by each of the Rating Agencies which has assigned a credit rating 
to the Notes at such time is Aaa (in the case of Moody’s Investor Service Limited or 
its successors), AAA (in the case of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its 
successors) or AAA (in the case of Fitch Ratings Ltd or its successors), and (B) each 
of the Rating Agencies which has assigned a credit rating to the Notes at such time has 
confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of their confirmation, the selection 
of such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself result in 
any credit rating then assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency being reduced, 
removed, suspended or placed on creditwatch. 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated in any applicable 
legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level 
required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2.2. 
2.3 
Definitions 
In this Condition 2, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the 
Act, Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
70 
time to time (other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and 
payable to the Issuer, and such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); 
and 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant 
to the Act and the Regulations. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant 
figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the 
Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
71 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
72 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.2(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of subparagraph (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in 
the relevant month and the provisions of subparagraph (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of subparagraph (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open; and 
(iii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
73 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(i), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, 
the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
74 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, 
Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging 
with Lockout, Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than Notes referencing €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not €STR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR in each case for the relevant currency and/or 
period, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the 
case of CIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(A), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question and the Issuer will provide each 
quotation to the Agent. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Agent. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period if one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
with an offered quotation.

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
75 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(A) 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where:  
(I) 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(II) 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is €STR; 
and 
(III) 
the Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
Compounded Daily, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-
term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (a) as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; (b) (if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) by reference to the screen rate or index administered 
by the administrator of the euro short-term rate that is published or displayed 
by such administrator or other information service from time to time at the 
relevant time on the Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or (c) (if Index Determination is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen rate or index is 
not available at the relevant time on the Interest Determination Date), as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "x", a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate as provided by the European Central 
Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the Website of the European Central Bank, in each case at the time 
specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, 
policies or guidelines, of the administrator of such rate (or, if a revised euro 
short-term rate is published in accordance with the applicable methodology, 
policies or guidelines of the administrator of such rate at or before 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
76 
(Brussels time), such revised rate), on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day "x";  
€STRi means: 
(I)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i", the €STR 
for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i";  
(II)  
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day immediately 
preceding the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; or 
(y) 
in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a TARGET Business Day in the Lock-
out Period), the €STR for the TARGET Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(III) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i", the €STR 
for such TARGET Business Day "i"; 
d means the number of calendar days in:  
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of TARGET Business Days in: 
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in: 
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
77 
Lock-out Period means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the day immediately following the Interest Determination Date 
for such Interest Period to, but excluding, (I) the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period or (II) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
payable; 
ni means, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET Business Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding the 
date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (and the last Interest Period shall end on but 
exclude the Maturity Date) or (II) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become payable; 
p means: 
(I)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Lag Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Day means a TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than a TARGET Business Day in the Lock-out Period;  
TARGET Business Day means any day on which the TARGET2 System (as 
defined in Condition 3.2(a)) is open; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European 
Central Bank, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of the daily euro short-term rate). 
(B) 
Weighted Average €STR 
Where:  
(I) 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(II) 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is €STR; 
and 
(III) 
the Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
Weighted Average,

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
78 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Weighted Average €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Weighted Average €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of €STRi in effect during such Interest Period and will be 
calculated by the Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[
∑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
𝑑
] 
where €STRi, d, d0, i and ni have the meanings set out in Condition 
3.2(b)(iii)(A). 
(C) 
Fallback provisions 
Subject to Condition 3.2(d), where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period or the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, the 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the €STR 
is not available, such €STR shall be the €STR for the first preceding TARGET 
Business Day in respect of which €STR was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank, and €STR shall be interpreted accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or  
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the 
Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest 
Period).

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
79 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 3.2(b) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3.2(b) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(ii) 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
these Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments by no later 
than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) is to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate (the IA Determination Cut-
off Date). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to Condition 3.2(d)(1) shall act 
in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, any other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to Condition 3.2(d); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
80 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments by no later 
than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) is to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate (the Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date).Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in 
the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(3) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 3.2(d): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)); 
(B) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) shall determine  
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
that changes to these Conditions are necessary in order to follow 
market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments); and 
(y) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments,  
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(d)(4), vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice; 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer shall give notice thereof and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments (and the effective date thereof) to the Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 11. No consent of the Noteholders shall 
be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread 
or the Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or the

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
81 
taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if 
required). Such notice shall be irrevocable. The Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders as of their effective date; and 
(5) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) under the provisions of this Condition 3.2(d), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. If, following the occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Agent and any other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case in accordance with this Condition 3.2(d), prior to 
the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Original Reference Rate will 
continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for the next Interest Period, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
82 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
83 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
84 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(i) 
Except where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is €STR, the 
Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(g), 
the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(ii) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is €STR, the Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.2, whether by the Agent, any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 3.2(d), an Independent Adviser or the Issuer shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent, the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
85 
3.3 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
other than EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR or €STR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are denominated in Swiss francs and 
offered to the public in Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange the provisions of 
Condition 3.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as 
if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Notes 
denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange and the party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), respectively, and provided further that such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
3.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of a Series of Notes 
(a) 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series 
of Notes and the Issuer has both (i) received approval from the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of Norway to extend the maturity of the Notes by 12 months (a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval) and (ii) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Note shall bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 3.4 on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon which the Notes are redeemed in 
full and the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 3.5. In such 
circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after the Maturity Date, and 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of such Interest Period, 
shall be determined by the Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with (i) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that "Fixed Rate" is applicable for the period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 3.1 
mutatis mutandis or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Floating Rate" is applicable 
for the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date, Condition 3.2 mutatis mutandis, as applicable, and (in each case) the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date, for 
the purposes of this Condition 3.4, the outstanding nominal amount shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.4, whether by the Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
86 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
This Condition 3.4 shall only apply to a Series of Notes if (A) Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and (B) the Issuer has both (i) received 
a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such Notes and (ii) failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date, and in such circumstances the maturity of 
such Notes will be automatically extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 5.1. 
3.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
87 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date or, as the case may be the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons 
(if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to 
which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary as 
the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
88 
must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the Intermediary as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
89 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(c) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
4.7 
Exempt Notes 
Payments on any Notes which are denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in 
Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and regardless of any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at any time to such payment. 
In respect of Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due 
and punctual payment of the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich shall release the Issuer from its 
obligation under such Notes and Coupons for the payment of the principal and interest due on 
the respective payment dates to the extent of such payments and except to the extent that there 
is default in the subsequent payment thereof to the Noteholders or Couponholders, as the case 
may be. 
Except to the extent required by law, payments of principal and interest in respect of any Notes 
denominated in Swiss francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss francs without collection 
costs and, whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, domicile or 
residence of the holder of the Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject as provided in the next paragraph. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series 
of Notes and the Issuer has both (i) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval, then (subject as provided below) the Issuer’s obligation to pay any part of 
the Final Redemption Amount not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be automatically 
deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) 
due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, any relevant Swap Provider and the Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 Business Days in London prior to the 
Maturity Date if the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Notes will not be paid 
in full on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
90 
If, where Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is received, the Issuer shall give not less 
than 30 days’ notice of such extension to the Noteholders and the Couponholders (or, if the 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is received 30 days or fewer prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Issuer shall give notice of such extension to the Noteholders and the Couponholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable before the Maturity Date) in accordance with Condition 11 (provided, 
however, that any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not in any event affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give any Noteholder or Couponholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Notes 
other than as provided for in these Conditions). 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes provides that Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity is applicable and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval, a failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the 
Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
5.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the 
Intermediary (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Intermediary as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ notice, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and the 
Intermediary deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
91 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5 and the Put Notice must be accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or the Intermediary to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Intermediary (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Intermediary or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable 
to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 5.3 shall be irrevocable. 
5.4 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in 
Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange may be specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.5 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.6 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.5 (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.7 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
92 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
Effective Date and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the Effective Date and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the Effective Date and the denominator will be 365); 
and 
Effective Date means the date which is the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid and (ii) five days after the date on which the 
full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; and 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer). 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or 
Condition 4.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
93 
9. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out above. If 
any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 11. 
In respect of any Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland 
and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Paying Agent 
having a specified office in Switzerland and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a 
specified address outside Switzerland. In addition, all references in these Conditions to “Agent” 
and the “Paying Agents” shall, to the extent specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
so far as the context permits, be construed as references to the “Principal Swiss Paying Agent” 
and the “Swiss Paying Agents”, respectively. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
10. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
94 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition 11, so long as the Notes are listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange so require (and provided 
that the Notes are not listed on another stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority (in which case the notice will also be published in accordance with the rules 
of such stock exchange or authority)), notices in respect of such Notes will be validly given 
through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent by means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the SIX Swiss Exchange (www.six-group.com). In addition, the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent may also publish any such notices by other means in accordance with the rules 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
95 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons (and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them) are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law save as to Condition 2 which is governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Conditions 15.2(b) and 15.2(c), the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any of them) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
(b) 
This Condition 15.2(b) is for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders only. To the extent 
allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with any of them) against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
96 
(c) 
In respect of any Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland 
and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer agrees to the additional jurisdiction of the 
Courts of the Canton of Zurich, the place of jurisdiction being Zurich, with the right of appeal 
to the Swiss Federal court of Justice in Lausanne where the law permits. In connection with 
such Notes, the Issuer elects legal and special domicile at UBS AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8098, 
Zurich, Switzerland and agrees that, for the purposes of any proceedings brought in 
Switzerland, holders of all or some of the Notes shall have the option to be collectively 
represented (in accordance with all applicable laws and customary practice in Switzerland.) 
The holders of all such Notes (whether or not collectively represented) shall have equal status 
irrespective of their domicile. 
15.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 8th 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings 
in any other manner permitted by law.  
16. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either (A) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(B) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is required to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate (for which (i) above does not apply) or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
97 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as 
such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2(d)(3)(C)(x); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published or administered; or 
(B) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(1); or 
(C) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (2) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(1); or 
(E) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (2) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(1); or 
(F) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; or 
(H) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Original Reference Rate will, as of a specified date, no longer be representative 
or may no longer be used and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (H)(1); 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks 
arising from (a) covered Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets 
(other than loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies 
other than NOK;

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
98 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and 
confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency 
Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider 
under a Currency Swap Agreement; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to 
hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have 
not been hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and 
confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate 
Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap 
Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap 
provider under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Event(s), 
such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term 
"Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate); 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investors Service Limited and/or S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ltd, including in each case their successors; 
Reference Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 3.2(d), the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rates relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
99 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval has the meaning given to in Condition 3.4(a); 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement for the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 107 ---
100 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership 
of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euronext VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Eika Boligkreditt AS (the 
Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II of the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 
2015 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and 
Chapter 11, Sub-chapter I of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 nr. 1502 on Financial Undertakings 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the 
Regulations). Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to an agreement 
dated 2 September 2009 (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (the VPS Agent).  
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean 
notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading 
as Euronext Securities Oslo (VPS Notes and Euronext VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trustee agreement dated 13 October 2017 (such trustee 
agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee 
Agreement) made between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall 
include any successor as trustee). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form in accounts with Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all 
dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. The Issuer 
shall be entitled to obtain information from the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the purposes 
of performing its obligations under the VPS Notes. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Final Terms and must be read in conjunction with these Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes (the VPS Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which complete these VPS Conditions. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes for the time being (the VPS 
Noteholders and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of VPS Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered office for

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
101 
the time being of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway. Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms for VPS Notes will be published on the Issuer’s website at https://eikbol.no.  
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in these VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event 
of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be registered with a separate securities identification code in 
Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, Euronext VPS or 
otherwise, of another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate 
securities identification code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and 
vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records 
of Euronext VPS. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS 
or one issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular 
person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS 
that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the 
Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. VPS Notes will be transferable only 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
102 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to covered bonds (Obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the VPS Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the 
Act and the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as 
defined below) with respect to the VPS Notes, any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer 
and derivative contracts having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a minimum of 
(a) 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the VPS Notes and any other covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer having recourse to such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect 
of derivative contracts) or (b) such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time 
to time and notified to the VPS Trustee and each of the Rating Agencies (the Alternative 
Overcollateralisation Percentage), provided that: 
(i) 
the Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as the VPS Notes 
are outstanding, be less than 102.75 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of 
the VPS Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer having recourse to 
such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect of derivative contracts); and 
(ii) 
without prejudice to Condition 2(b)(i), the Issuer shall not at any time select an 
Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless (A) the credit rating assigned to the 
VPS Notes at such time by each of the Rating Agencies which has assigned a credit 
rating to the VPS Notes at such time is Aaa (in the case of Moody’s Investor Service 
Limited or its successors), AAA (in the case of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or 
its successors) or AAA (in the case of Fitch Ratings Ltd or its successors), and (B) each 
of the Rating Agencies which has assigned a credit rating to the VPS Notes at such 
time has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of their confirmation, the 
selection of such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself 
result in any credit rating then assigned to the VPS Notes by such Rating Agency being 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on creditwatch. 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated in any applicable 
legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level 
required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2(b). 
(c) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 2, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the 
Act, Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from 
time to time (other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and 
payable to the Issuer, and such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); 
and 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant 
to the Act and the Regulations.

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
103 
3. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the VPS Notes become payable on 
a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
104 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these VPS 
Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the VPS 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month on which 
an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(i)(B), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of subparagraph (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of subparagraph (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
105 
case of subparagraph (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
(other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
106 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(4) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(5) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Final Terms  
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in 
the ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift, Compounding with Lockout,  Averaging with Lookback, Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than VPS Notes 
referencing €STR

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
107 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not €STR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR in each case for the relevant currency 
and/or period, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or 
Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each 
case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
108 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(1) 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where:  
(I) 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined; 
(II) 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
€STR; and 
(III) 
the Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is Compounded Daily, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (a) as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (b) (if Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the euro 
short-term rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (c) (if Index Determination is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such 
screen rate or index is not available at the relevant time on the Interest 
Determination Date), as follows, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
109 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "x", a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the Website of the European 
Central Bank, in each case at the time specified by, or determined in 
accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, 
of the administrator of such rate (or, if a revised euro short-term rate 
is published in accordance with the applicable methodology, policies 
or guidelines of the administrator of such rate at or before 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), such revised rate), on the TARGET Business Day 
immediately following such TARGET Business Day "x";  
€STRi means: 
(I)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of any TARGET Business 
Day "i", the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Business Day "i";  
(II)  
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the €STR for the TARGET Business 
Day immediately preceding the relevant TARGET 
Business Day "i"; or 
(y) 
in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" that is not 
a Reference Day (being a TARGET Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period), the €STR for the TARGET 
Business Day immediately preceding the Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(III) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of any TARGET Business 
Day "i", the €STR for such TARGET Business Day "i"; 
d means the number of calendar days in:  
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
110 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of TARGET Business Days in: 
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(I)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the day immediately following the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Period to, but excluding, (I) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (II) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the VPS Notes become payable; 
ni means, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following TARGET Business Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date which is "p" TARGET Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding the date which is "p" TARGET Business 
Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(and the last Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Maturity Date) 
or (II) such earlier date, if any, on which the VPS Notes become 
payable; 
p means: 
(I)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business 
Days included in the Lag Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(II) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
111 
Days included in the Observation Shift Period in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
Reference Day means a TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, other than a TARGET Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period;  
TARGET Business Day means any day on which the TARGET2 
System (as defined in Condition 3(b)(i)) is open; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the 
European Central Bank, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of the daily euro short-term rate). 
(2) 
Weighted Average €STR 
Where:  
(I) 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined; 
(II) 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
€STR; and 
(III) 
the Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is Weighted Average, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Weighted Average €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Weighted Average €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the arithmetic mean of €STRi in effect during such Interest Period and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[
∑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
𝑑
] 
where €STRi, d, d0, i and ni have the meanings set out in Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C)(1).  
(3) 
Fallback provisions 
Subject to Condition 3(b)(iv), where €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period or the 
relevant Interest Period, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR is not available, such €STR shall be the

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
112 
€STR for the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of 
which €STR was published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank, and €STR shall be interpreted accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or  
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
VPS Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the VPS 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(iii) is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(iii) is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(a) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; and 
(b) 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when these VPS Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or component 
thereof) to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
113 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of VPS Notes: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
to determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
by no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference 
Rate (the IA Determination Cut-off Date). An Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to Condition 3(b)(iv)(1) shall act in good faith as an expert 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent or the VPS Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to Condition 3(b)(iv); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off 
Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
by no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference 
Rate (the Issuer Determination Cut-off Date). Without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative Reference 
Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(3) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(iv): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 3(b)(iv),

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
114 
(B) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(x) 
that changes to these VPS Conditions are necessary in order 
to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments); and 
(y) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments,  
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(iv)(4), vary these VPS Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice; 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of the Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and the specific terms 
of the Benchmark Amendments (and the effective date thereof) to the VPS 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 9. No consent of the VPS Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread as 
described in this Condition 3(b)(iv) or the Benchmark Amendments , including 
for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or 
any of the parties to the VPS Agency Agreement (if required). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable. The Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any)) be binding on the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
VPS Noteholders as of their effective date; and 
(5) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) under the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Reference Rate or

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
115 
Alternative Reference Rate is determined and notified to the VPS Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the VPS Noteholders, in each case in accordance with 
this Condition 3(b)(iv) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, 
then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for the next 
Interest Period, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply to such determination. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on such Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
116 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⟦360 × (𝑌2− 𝑌1 )⟧+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1 )]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
117 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(A) 
Except where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
€STR, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 9 as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. For the purposes of this

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
118 
Condition 3(b)(vii), the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. The notification of any rate or amount, if 
applicable, shall be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to 
Euronext VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(B) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is €STR, the 
Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 9 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 9. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made 
to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to Euronext VPS rules and 
regulations for the time being in effect. 
(viii) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at 
such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b), but subject always to any Minimum Rate 
of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it 
shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS 
Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 3, by the Calculation Agent or, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 3(b)(iv), an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent, the Independent Adviser, 
the Issuer or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of a Series of VPS Notes 
(a) 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a 
Series of VPS Notes and the Issuer has both (i) received approval from the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway to extend the maturity of the VPS Notes by 12 
months (a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval) and (ii) failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
119 
Terms, each VPS Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3(c) on its 
outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon which the VPS Notes are redeemed in 
full and the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 3(d). In such 
circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after the Maturity 
Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
such Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
(i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Fixed Rate" is applicable for the period 
from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date, Condition 3(a) mutatis mutandis or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that "Floating Rate" is applicable for the period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 
3(b) mutatis mutandis, as applicable, and (in each case) the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
In the case of VPS Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 3(c), the outstanding nominal amount 
shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these VPS 
Conditions. 
(c) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 3(c), whether by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all VPS Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the VPS Noteholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
This Condition 3(c) shall only apply to a Series of VPS Notes if (A) Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and (B) the 
Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such 
VPS Notes and (ii) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity 
Date, and in such circumstances the maturity of such VPS Notes will be automatically 
extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 5(a). 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of 
such VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
120 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS Notes, 
references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under these VPS Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint 
a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. Reference to Specified Currency will 
include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and 
will be effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one 
or more Calculation Agent(s) where these VPS Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in each 
case.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
121 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next 
following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 
7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
(e) 
Redenomination 
This Condition 4(e) has been intentionally deleted. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject as provided in the next paragraph. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series 
of VPS Notes and the Issuer has both (i) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
122 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval, then (subject as provided below) the Issuer’s obligation to pay any part of 
the Final Redemption Amount not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be automatically 
deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) 
due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies and the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and any 
relevant Swap Provider as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 business 
days in London prior to the Maturity Date if the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series 
of VPS Notes will not be paid in full on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify 
such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any 
rights in any such party. 
If, where Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is received, the Issuer shall give not less 
than 30 days’ notice of such extension to the VPS Noteholders (or, if the Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval is received 30 days or fewer prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice of such extension to the VPS Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable before 
the Maturity Date) in accordance with Condition 9  (provided, however, that any failure by the 
Issuer to give such notice shall not in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension nor give any VPS Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise with respect to the relevant VPS Notes other than as provided for in these 
Conditions). 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of VPS Notes provides that Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity is applicable and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval, a failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the 
Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any VPS Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to VPS Noteholders the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such VPS

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
123 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes must, 
within the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this Condition 5(c) shall be 
irrevocable. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS 
Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
any such VPS Notes shall be discharged. 
(f) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the Effective Date and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes 
to (but excluding) the Effective Date and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the Effective Date and the 
denominator will be 365); and: 
Effective Date means the date which is the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid and (ii) five days after the date on which the 
full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
124 
the VPS Agent or the VPS Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 15) therefor. 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the 
time being, of Euronext VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to 
Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration, transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or 
expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require 
the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that 
may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date two days after delivery to Euronext VPS.

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
125 
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority 
of votes (as more fully set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes 
or any of the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a 
majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS 
Trustee, Oslo Børs or by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting VPS 
Notes. (For the purpose of this Condition 10, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal 
amount of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in Euronext 
VPS, less the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the 
Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one 
half of the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing holders of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting 
VPS Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the 
Voting VPS Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(i) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the 
votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon 
maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment 
date in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the 
method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be 
made; 
(E) 
any alteration of clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out 
the matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required);

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
126 
(F) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under these VPS Conditions and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(G) 
a change of VPS Trustee; and 
(ii) 
save as set out in Condition 10(i), the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the 
VPS Trustee Agreement or these VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected 
VPS Noteholder provided that (i) such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and 
benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, or (ii) is made solely 
for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (iii) such amendment or 
waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall, as soon as possible, notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal 
to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be 
effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee 
and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted 
and will be bound by these VPS Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 
2, 10, 11 and 12 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) 
which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The VPS 
Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6 on Central Securities 
Depositories, which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to 
the extent applicable, the Norwegian Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64 on the Registration of Financial 
Instruments, each as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled 
to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these acts and 
any related regulations and legislation.

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
127 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Subject to the following paragraph the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the VPS Notes and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection 
with the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with it) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer hereby 
irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue 
of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may 
be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
This Condition 14(b) is for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Issuer agrees that the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of, or in connection with, the VPS Trustee Agreement 
and the VPS Agency Agreement (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with it) and that nothing contained in this Condition 14 shall 
limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 8th 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings 
in any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either (A) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(B) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is required to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate (for which (i) above does not apply) or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
128 
in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to VPS Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); 
Agency Agreement means an agency agreement dated 5 August 2022 between the Issuer and 
the agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as 
such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b)(iv)(3)(C)(x); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published or administered; or 
(B) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(1); or 
(C) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (2) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(1); or 
(E) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (2) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(1); or 
(F) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) or the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any VPS Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
129 
(G) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; or 
(H) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Original Reference Rate will, as of a specified date, no longer be representative 
or may no longer be used and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (H)(1); 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer and shall include any successor 
calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks 
arising from (a) covered Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets 
(other than loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies 
other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and 
confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency 
Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider 
under a Currency Swap Agreement; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo 
Børs); 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable 
in arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, 
which may or may not be the Issue Date; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to 
hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have 
not been hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and 
confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
130 
Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap 
Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap 
provider under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Note; 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other 
than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these VPS 
Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with these 
VPS Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) 
accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these VPS 
Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in 
the manner provided in these VPS Conditions and the VPS Agency Agreement (and 
where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with these VPS Conditions) and remain available for payment of the relevant VPS 
Notes and/or Coupons; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with these 
VPS Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under these VPS 
Conditions; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Event(s), 
such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term 
"Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate); 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investors Service Limited and/or S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ltd, including in either case their successors; 
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-
bank market, (iii) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of 
four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market and (iv) in the case of a determination of

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
131 
CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
Reference Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 3(b)(iv), the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case 
of a determination of CIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR); 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval has the meaning given to in Condition 3(c)(a); 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person; 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement for the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 139 ---
132 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), be applied by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), for its general business 
purposes, which include making a profit; or  
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from such issue will be applied by the Issuer to finance or re-finance, in whole or in 
part, Eligible Green Loans (as defined below) pursuant to the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework relating to investments in Eligible Green Loans and the issuance of Green 
Bonds which at such time has been published by the Issuer and made available on the 
Issuer’s website (at https://eikbol.no/Investor-relations/green-bonds) and which is in 
effect at the time of issuance of the relevant Notes. 
Eligible Green Loans are loans and other investments within the categories set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework and which are included in the Issuer’s Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined 
therein).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference in, 
and shall not form part of, this Offering Circular.

--- Page 140 ---
133 
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
(Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of 
covered bonds in Norway, at the date of this Offering Circular. The overview does not purport to be, 
and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework 
pertaining to covered bonds. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the main legislation which governs the issue of covered bonds 
in Norway is Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial 
Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 nr. 1502 on Financial 
Undertakings (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations and, together with the Act, the Legislation). 
The new EU legislation on covered bonds (being Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160) has been implemented in Norway as of 8 July 2022. 
LEGISLATION 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a 
Financial Undertaking (finansforetak) and Credit Institution (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, 
and whose articles of association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered 
bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett). The Act defines Credit Institutions as credit businesses which 
are not banks, and whose activity is the receiving of repayable funds or other assets other than deposits 
and the granting of credit and loans in its own name. Credit Institutions must hold licences issued by 
the Ministry of Finance (or by the Norwegian FSA pursuant to delegation) in order to conduct business 
as a Credit Institution. In addition, following the implementation of the new EU legislation on covered 
bonds into Norwegian law on 8 July 2022, Credit Institutions are required to obtain permission for a 
covered bond programme from the Norwegian FSA before issuing covered bonds under that programme 
for the first time. 
The Issuer is a “kredittforetak” (as defined by the Act), has received the required Credit Institution 
licence, and has adapted its articles of association to meet the mandatory requirements, and 
consequently may issue covered bonds. Furthermore, as prescribed by the Act, the Issuer has both 
applied to the Norwegian FSA for approval of a new covered bond programme under which it may 
issue covered bonds labelled “European Covered Bond (Premium)” (No.: obligasjon med fortrinnsrett 
(premium)) and notified the Norwegian FSA of its intention to issue covered bonds under that 
programme. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivative 
contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and 
prioritised right of claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves, over a pool of certain security 
assets (the Cover Pool). Under Norwegian law, an issuer of bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, 
must register the bonds in paperless book-entry form by registration in the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Norwegian FSA as being 
entitled to register the Notes pursuant to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 2019 and 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 if the bonds are issued by a Norwegian issuer, unless such bonds are 
either (i) denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only, or (ii) denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.

--- Page 141 ---
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
134 
THE REGISTER 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivative agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivative agreements. 
In accordance with the Legislation, a Credit Institution may establish a separate Register for the issue 
of covered bonds relating to a different Cover Pool. If there is more than one Cover Pool, the Credit 
Institution must identify which Cover Pool a covered bondholder will hold a preferential claim over. 
Where a Credit Institution has made two or more issues of covered bonds which have a preferential 
claim over different Cover Pools, derivative agreements and substitution assets shall be held in separate 
bank accounts for each Cover Pool. 
Each Register relating to a Cover Pool must at all times contain detailed information on the nominal 
value of the covered bonds, the assets which constitute the Cover Pool, and the derivative agreements. 
Consequently, any Register for a Cover Pool must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes 
in relevant information. 
Such registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the contents of the Cover Pool pertaining to the 
covered bonds, but shall, according to statements in the preparatory works to the Norwegian covered 
bond legislation, serve as strong evidence. 
BENEFIT OF A PRIORITISED CLAIM 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public 
administration or is liquidated, the holders of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution and the 
counterparties to relevant derivative agreements entered into by the Credit Institution will have an 
exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim over the Cover Pool. The prioritised claims will rank 
ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses of the public administration 
board. According to the provisions of Section 6-4 of the Norwegian Liens Act of 1980 and Section 11-
15 of the Act, a future public administration board of the Credit Institution will have a first priority lien 
over all of the assets included in the Cover Pool, as security for fees and expenses incurred by the public 
administration board in connection with the administration of the Credit Institution. Such statutory lien 
will rank ahead of the claims of holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant 
derivative agreements, but will, however, be limited to 700 times the standard Norwegian court fee 
(which at present equals NOK 856,100) in respect of each Cover Pool. Payment of expenses for 
operation, management recovery and realisation of the Cover Pool may also be demanded before the 
covered bondholders and counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements receive payment from the 
Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the 
counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued 
covered bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to 
the Cover Pool (save for the priority described above granted to a public administration board in respect 
of fees and expenses). 
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or 
made subject to any set-off, attachment, execution or other enforcement proceedings. However, an 
exemption regarding the prohibition against set-off has been made in relation to derivative agreements, 
as further described in the Regulations. 
COVER POOL COMPOSITION OF ASSETS 
Pursuant to the Regulations, a Cover Pool for covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered 
Bond (premium)” (such as the Notes) may only consist of assets which fulfil the requirements set forth 
in Article 129 of the CRR, which include loans secured by various types of Mortgages (as defined

--- Page 142 ---
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
135 
below), loans granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (Public Sector Loans), 
receivables in the form of certain derivative agreements and substitution assets. 
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents relating to 
residence (together with the former, Residential Mortgages), mortgages over vacation property (which 
shall be treated as Residential Mortgages for the purpose of the Legislation) and mortgages over other 
real property (Other Property Mortgages and, together with the former, Mortgages). The real 
property and the registered assets which serve as security for the loans included in the Cover Pool must 
be located in a member state of the EEA. 
Public Sector Loans must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which must meet 
certain requirements under Article 129 of the CRR. 
The main portion of the Cover Pool shall be represented by a certain type of primary cover asset 
(Primary Asset), i.e., the Cover Pool shall primarily consist of one certain category of receivables 
deemed as eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool, and furthermore, substitution assets shall consist of 
(i) the cover pool liquidity buffer and (ii) other assets eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool which are 
not Primary Assets or eligible derivatives agreements. 
The Cover Pool will not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with Article 80(1) of 
ECB/2014/60. 
LOAN TO VALUE RATIOS (AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS) 
Pursuant to the Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, when calculating the value of the Cover Pool 
assets consisting of loans secured by Mortgages, the following loan to value (LTV) requirements apply: 
(1) 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the 
property (60 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of mortgages over vacation property); 
and 
(2) 
Loans secured by Other Property Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the 
property. 
Should a loan secured by Mortgages exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within 
the permitted limit may be included in the calculation of the value of the Cover Pool. Consequently, the 
portion exceeding the relevant ratio may not count towards the 5 per cent. overcollateralisation 
requirement (as further described below in the section headed “Overcollateralisation”). 
In order to qualify for inclusion in the Cover Pool, all legislative requirements must be met. However, 
if the Cover Pool assets at a later stage cease to meet the requirements of the Act and/or the Regulations 
and/or Article 129 of the CRR in relation to ratios, risk categories or proportion limits, such assets may 
nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be excluded from the calculation (which is required 
by the Act and described below) of the value of the Cover Pool. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION  
The Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool for credit mortgage institutions (No.: 
boligkredittforetak) at all times must exceed the aggregate value of covered bonds issued by the Credit 
Institution (taking into account the effects of relevant derivative contracts) (overcollateralisation) by at 
least 5 per cent. 
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets, consisting of loans and secured mortgages, is 
required to be made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the market value of

--- Page 143 ---
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
136 
each individual asset. The estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and 
independent person (i.e. a person without involvement in the credit granting process) and be 
documented, and such documentation is required to include information on who performed the 
calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based. The value of residential real property 
may, however, be based on generally applicable price levels, when this is considered justifiable based 
on the market situation. 
Defaulted loans shall be disregarded for purposes of the valuation, and loans provided to one single 
customer, or secured by the same real estate property, shall never count in excess of 5 per cent. of the 
aggregate balance of a cover pool. 
The value of derivative agreements and substitution assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set to by 
calculating the prudent market value of such assets, as further detailed in the Legislation.  
In accordance with Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Article 129 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has set the overcollateralisation 
requirement for credit mortgage institutions to 5 per cent. 
In order to ensure compliance with the abovementioned overcollateralisation requirement, each Credit 
Institution issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control of the 
development of the value of the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant 
market situations. If developments in the market situation or in the situation pertaining to an individual 
asset so warrants, the Credit Institution is required to ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is 
performed. 
LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS 
The Act requires that the Credit Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times 
is sufficient to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of 
covered bonds and counterparties under related derivative agreements. The Credit Institution must also 
establish a cover pool liquidity buffer which shall cover the net outflows over the next 180 days of the 
covered bond programme. Calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement for covered bonds allowing 
for maturity extensions should be based on the extended maturity date. 
Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net liquidity 
outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR 
Regulation). 
The liquidity requirements set forth in the LCR Regulation and the cover pool liquidity buffer are 
coordinated so that assets included in the cover pool liquidity buffer may be counted towards the LCR 
Regulation liquidity requirement. 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
An independent auditor dedicated to monitor the cover pool (the Cover Pool Monitor) shall be 
appointed by the Credit Institution issuing covered bonds, and the Credit Institution shall notify the 
Norwegian FSA of who it has appointed. The Cover Pool Monitor is required to, amongst other things, 
monitor the Register, and shall, at least every three months, review compliance with the Act’s provisions 
relating to the Register, such as requirements related to (i) the composition of the Cover Pool, (ii) 
overcollateralisation, (iii) liquidity, (iv) registration of information in the Register and (v) investor 
information. 
The Credit Institution is required to give the Cover Pool Monitor all relevant information pertaining to 
its business. The Cover Pool Monitor must be granted access to the Register, and may also request

--- Page 144 ---
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
137 
additional information. The Cover Pool Monitor shall monitor if the requirements of Sections 11-8 to 
11-12 of the Act and the registration and investor information requirements set out in Section 11-13 of 
the Act are complied with. Furthermore, the Cover Pool Monitor shall report its observations and 
assessments to the Norwegian FSA on a regular basis.  
The Credit Institution cannot appoint its external auditor or internal auditor as Cover Pool Monitor. 
However, transitional provisions have been passed allowing Credit Institutions to appoint their external 
auditors to act as Cover Pool Monitor until 31 December 2022. 
COVER POOL ADMINISTRATION IN THE EVENT OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration if the 
conditions for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not consider that resolution 
would be in the public interest. Public administration requires that the institution’s former governing 
bodies are replaced by a public administration board (the Board) which assumes control over the 
institution. The Board will attempt to either restructure the institution and continue its business, or in 
absence of viable alternatives liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration of the Credit Institution does not in itself give the right to accelerate claims. 
If a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration pursuant to 
the Act, and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, the Board shall 
ensure that, to the extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and counterparties to relevant derivative 
agreements receive timely payment of their respective claims, such payments being made from the 
Cover Pool for the duration of the administration of the Credit Institution. 
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the counterparties to 
relevant derivative agreements, the Board must set a date for a halt to payments, and inform interested 
parties of this as soon as possible. If a halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the 
Credit Institution will be conducted in accordance with general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation. The 
covered bondholders and counterparties to relevant derivative agreements will in such event continue 
to have a prioritised claim against the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the covered bondholders and 
counterparties to related derivative agreements will remain valid claims against the Credit Institution, 
but will rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Credit Institution. 
MATURITY EXTENSIONS 
Pursuant to the Legislation, a Credit Institution is permitted to include conditions in the terms of a 
covered bond contract stating that repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances. An issuer will 
only be allowed to extend the maturity of covered bonds following the approval of the Norwegian FSA, 
if it has received approval from the Norwegian FSA to extend the maturity of the covered bonds as a 
result of (i) either (A) there being, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, both (1) reason to assume that 
the issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that any other 
action would prevent the issuer from failing or (B) the Norwegian Ministry of Finance having resolved 
to place the issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in the opinion 
of the Norwegian FSA, a reasonable prospect that the issuer’s obligations will be met within 12 months. 
Furthermore, such maturity extension is only allowed provided it does not affect the covered 
bondholders’ order of priority in respect of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 145 ---
138 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
HISTORY 
Eika Boligkreditt AS was incorporated in Oslo, Norway, as a limited company (aksjeselskap), under 
Norwegian law with registration number 885 621 252 on 24 March 2003 (with an indefinite life). The 
registered address of the Issuer is PO Box 2349, Solli NO 0201, Oslo, Norway and its telephone number 
is: +47 22 87 81 00. 
The Issuer was formerly known as Terra BoligKreditt AS but changed its name to Eika Boligkreditt AS 
on 21 March 2013. 
On 18 June 2007, the Issuer’s articles of association were approved by the Norwegian FSA to enable 
the Issuer to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act. In addition, the 
Issuer’s counterparties under certain derivative contracts are also entitled to rights of priority in relation 
to the Cover Pool. See “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer is owned by 61 small and medium sized Norwegian banks (the Eika Banks) and OBOS (the 
Eika Banks and OBOS together the Eika Boligkreditt Distributors or EBKD). 
The ownership of the Issuer by each individual Eika Boligkreditt Distributor is subject to re-allocation 
on an annual basis in accordance with that individual Eika Boligkreditt Distributor’s share of the total 
contributed lending volume of the Issuer (known as “dynamic ownership”). 
The Issuer utilises services from Eika Gruppen AS and its subsidiaries within areas including 
information technology, accounting and human resources. 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The business of the Issuer entails the funding of the mortgages generated by the EBKDs in an 
inexpensive way by issuing covered bonds in the domestic and foreign debt capital markets. The 
concept is to use the existing retail distribution capabilities of the EBKDs to distribute the mortgages to 
the EBKDs’ existing and new customers. This setup helps the EBKDs to protect their market share by 
being able to offer their customers a competitive solution for their mortgage needs and eliminates the 
need for the Issuer to have its own distribution network. At the same time the concept is to offer the 
investors covered bonds issued by the Issuer with a lower level of risk. This is ensured by issuing Notes 
under the modern and investor-friendly regulatory framework implemented in Norway and by offering

--- Page 146 ---
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
139 
investors additional comfort by limited credit enhancement from the EBKDs that distribute the 
mortgages – see paragraph below. 
The EBKDs, which distribute mortgages for the Issuer, sign standardised agreements regulating their 
rights and obligations. Important in this regard is the fact that the mortgages are legally the Issuer’s 
assets irrespective of whether the relevant EBKD is in financial distress or decides to terminate its 
relationship with the Issuer. These agreements state that the mortgages will be booked by the Issuer and 
that the Issuer will invoice the customers and collect payments. The EBKDs are compensated for their 
distribution of the mortgages by receiving a commission on the outstanding mortgages. This 
commission receivable is paid to the EBKDs on a quarterly basis subject to the mortgages being current. 
The business concept of the Issuer is based on the idea that the Issuer shall be a vehicle for obtaining 
low cost funding for the EBKDs and not be a medium for the transfer of credit risk. To try and avoid a 
situation where the EBKDs distribute the less creditworthy customers to the Issuer and retain the more 
creditworthy customers for themselves, the standardised agreement between the Issuer and the EBKDs 
includes certain measures to hold the distributors responsible for losses on mortgages they have 
distributed to the Issuer. The EBKDs accordingly have strong incentives to make thorough credit 
evaluations of their mortgage applicants before distributing it to the Issuer. 
Under the standardised agreement, 80 per cent. of any losses, including unpaid interest, on mortgages 
in the Issuer’s portfolio will have to be covered by the EBKDs. Each guarantee from an EBKD will 
have a floor of NOK 5 million or 100 per cent. of the relevant EBKD’s loan portfolio, if this is lower 
than NOK 5 million. Each guarantee is limited to 1 per cent. of the relevant EBKD’s total portfolio 
distributed to the Issuer. The remaining 20 per cent. of the losses will be covered by a counter-claim on 
all commission receivables due from the Issuer to each EBKD, limited to a period of up to 12 months 
after such losses are incurred. The counter-claim against each EBKD will be based on the relevant 
EBKD’s pro rata share of the total contributed lending volume of the Issuer. 
The guarantee agreements described above provide extra comfort for the Issuer’s investors because 
such agreements are not required for the issuance of covered bonds under Norwegian legislation but act 
as an extra safety net provided by the EBKDs. However, for the avoidance of doubt, the agreements are 
between the Issuer and the EBKDs, and the holders of covered bonds have no direct rights against the 
EBKDs in respect of these agreements. 
In accordance with the Act, the Issuer will ensure that the funds related to the Cover Pool will, at all 
times, be capable of separate identification from the Issuer’s other funds within the bank to which the 
funds related to the Cover Pool are paid (the Accounts Bank). In addition, in the event that the 
unsecured, unsubordinated short-term credit rating of the Accounts Bank falls below Prime -1 by 
Moody’s, the Issuer will also open an account with a bank meeting such requirement and transfer 
regularly to such suitably rated bank all funds related to the Cover Pool standing to the credit of the 
Issuer’s account with the Accounts Bank. 
The mortgage process 
The distribution of mortgages is undertaken by the EBKDs that decide whether the mortgage is taken 
up with the Issuer. This is done by requesting data from the customer and inputting this data into Eika’s 
credit portal. The customer will have to provide verifiable data on income, net worth and tax as well as 
estimates on the value of the property serving as collateral. As for valuation of properties, the Issuer 
will currently accept transaction value, assessed value by a licensed real estate broker as well as an 
assessed value by a certified real estate surveyor and automatic valuation mechanism. The mortgage 
system checks that the LTV ratio is within the LTV ratio accepted by the Issuer. Furthermore, the 
mortgage system is linked to an external credit scoring system which checks if the customer in question 
has an unsatisfactory payment record. If the predefined credit scoring test in the web-based system gives 
a satisfactory result, the customer is recommended for extension of credit. If the test gives a less

--- Page 147 ---
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
140 
convincing result, the mortgage application will be approved only if recommended by senior credit 
personnel in the relevant EBKD. 
By sending the mortgage applications to the Issuer, the EBKDs assume responsibility for the accuracy 
of all the information given. If the said information proves incorrect, the EBKDs will be liable for any 
losses the Issuer might suffer from this, as regulated in the agreements between the parties. Furthermore, 
the EBKDs shall establish separate designated deposits at their premises for the custodianship of loan 
documentation relating to the mortgages with the Issuer. 
The EBKDs need to ensure that their credit processes are in conformity with the regulations set out in 
the credit handbook maintained by the Issuer which gives extensive guidelines for the lending process 
and acceptable lending criteria. If the mortgage application is in accordance with the guidelines in the 
credit handbook, the application will be automatically approved for disbursement. After the proceeds 
for the mortgage are transferred, the Issuer’s personnel will check the application for any inconsistencies 
with the lending criteria as defined in the credit handbook. The EBKDs will handle the relationships 
with the customers, and the mortgage will not be included in the Cover Pool before the lien on the 
property is established. The customer will subsequently be invoiced on a monthly basis by the Issuer. 
Procedures for late payments 
By functioning as a local representative, the relevant EBKD is responsible for communicating with 
customers that default on their mortgage payments. When a mortgage is 14 days overdue, the Issuer 
will send the customer a payment reminder. A copy of this reminder is sent to the EBKD and obliges 
the EBKD to address the fact that the mortgage is overdue with the relevant customer. A second warning 
is sent after a period of 28 days. When a mortgage payment is 49 days overdue, the Issuer sends a 
warning of legal recovery proceedings to the relevant customer. However, if a mortgage remains in 
arrear 35 days after an instalment due date, the Issuer shall be entitled to invoke its rights (to the extent 
applicable) under the agreements with the EBKDs. The EBKD is in such situations requested to pay the 
total outstanding amount and overdue instalment, including accrued interest and charges, to the Issuer, 
and assume the right and obligations of the Issuer under the loan agreement (assignment at a purchase 
price corresponding to outstanding mortgage amount including accrued interest). If the EBKD decides 
not to purchase the mortgage from the Issuer, normal foreclosure procedures will commence and the 
EBKD is liable for the guarantee amounts pursuant to the standardised agreements discussed above. 
Risk management 
The credit risks inherent in the mortgage portfolio are mitigated by strict application of the lending 
criteria and credit process rules described above. In addition, the Issuer evaluates the portfolio regularly 
in terms of having an appropriate geographical diversification. 
Liquidity risk is limited due to the Issuer’s status as a covered bond issuer, limiting the refinancing risk. 
Ample liquidity reserves will be held by investing in marketable securities and bank deposits within the 
conservative Norwegian legal framework for investing in substitution assets. In the unlikely event of 
financial distress and default of the Issuer, the liquidity risk will still be limited as post default 
refinancing by issuing new covered bonds is eligible under the Norwegian covered bond legislation. 
Interest rate risk is limited by the fact that most mortgages are floating rate and matched by floating rate 
funding. Bond issues at fixed rate are swapped into floating rate to match a primarily floating rate 
mortgage portfolio. Mortgages at fixed rates are routinely matched by entering into fixed rate interest 
rate swaps. Counterparty risk is limited as the same conservative Norwegian legal credit framework for 
investing in substitution assets applies to counterparties. Additionally, counterparties must post 
collateral if downgraded to an unacceptable rating level and cannot terminate performing derivative 
contracts even under issuer default.

--- Page 148 ---
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
141 
The Issuer will have virtually no currency risk in accordance with Norwegian covered bond legislation. 
All bond issues and investments in substitution assets denominated in foreign currencies will be fully 
swapped into NOK unless hedged by other positions. 
Risk from other activities is limited as the Issuer is a specialist lender whose by-laws and the Norwegian 
covered bond legislation limit the activity to mortgage lending to the retail market, funding the activities 
primarily by issuing covered bonds. 
There are risks for Noteholders related to the competitive position of the Issuer. If competitors undercut 
prices offered to retail customers significantly over a longer period, the Issuer might lose market share 
and over time have too low average yield on assets to effectively service the Notes issued. 
The EBKDs have entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (NPA) with the Issuer and a Shareholders 
Agreement (SA) with the Issuer and Eika Gruppen AS to ensure that the Issuer is liquid and sufficiently 
capitalised at all times. 
Under the NPA, if the Issuer determines that there would be (or is reasonably likely to be) insufficient 
funds available to pay the Final Redemption Amount of any Notes issued under the Programme when 
due (including any amounts payable under any related swap agreements), the Issuer may sell to the 
relevant EBKD and the relevant EBKD shall purchase covered bonds issued by the Issuer in order to 
provide sufficient liquidity to cover any such shortfall. The commitment of each Eika Boligkreditt 
Distributor in respect of any such issue of covered bonds under the NPA will be based on the relevant 
Eika Boligkreditt Distributor’s pro rata share of the total contributed lending volume of the Issuer (such 
amount to be adjusted quarterly for the purposes of the NPA). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of covered bonds that the Issuer may require the relevant EBKD to purchase pursuant to the NPA is 
limited to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme that will mature in any 
rolling 12 month period. 
The SA regulates the relationship between the EBKDs and the Issuer, and between the EBKDs as the 
Issuer’s shareholders, and is structured to ensure that the Issuer will maintain its capital adequacy ratio 
at all times. Under the SA, the EBKDs are obligated to each pay a pro rata share of any capital increase 
adopted at the Issuer’s general meeting and to subscribe for a pro rata share of any instruments to be 
issued by the Issuer for the purpose of maintaining its capital adequacy ratio. 
MANAGEMENT 
The senior management of the Issuer, their functions in relation to the Issuer and background are as 
follows: 
Odd Arne Pedersen 
Interim CEO 
MBA General, BI Norwegian School of Management 
MBA Finance NHH Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration. CEFA, EFFAS 
European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies 
Authorised Stock Broker, The Banking, Insurance and Securities Commission of Norway 
Previous Experience: Terra Fondsforvaltning AS, CEO, Terra Markets AS, CEO, Terra Securities ASA, 
CEO, Fearnley Fonds AS, Bond broker, DNH AS, Financial Consultant 
Employed since March 2008 
Anders Mathisen 
Interim CFO 
MBE, BI Norwegian Business School, CFA, AFR 
Previous Experience: Eika Kapitalforvaltning/Fondsforvaltning, CEO, SEB, Client Executive 
Institutions, Norges Bank, Portfolio Manager

--- Page 149 ---
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
142 
Employed since September 2012 
The business address of each of the senior managers of the Issuer is Eika Boligkreditt AS, PO Box 
2349, Solli NO 0201 Oslo, Norway. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the senior managers to the Issuer and their 
private interests or duties. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Issuer has a Board of Directors which is responsible for the administration and operations of the 
Issuer. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Issuer, the Board of Directors has a 
minimum of five and a maximum of six members. 
The Board of Directors consists of: 
Dag-Olav Løseth 
Chairman of the Board 
Siviløkonom, NHH (Norwegian School of Economics) and authorised Financial analyst, NHH  
Current position: CEO Orkla Sparebank 
Previous experience: Arthur Andersen & Co – senior consultant (corporate finance), CI-Partners AS – 
corporate analyst, Meldal Sparebank – adviser, Salvesen & Thams – head of investments 
Member of the Board since 2018 
Rune Iversen 
Deputy Chairman of the Board 
BSc BI, Master of Management BI 
Current position: CEO, Marker Sparebank 
Previous experience: Marker Sparebank – head of sales and products, Trøgstad Sparebank – CEO 
Member of the Board since 2018 
Terje Svendsen 
Member of the Board 
Siviløkonom, NHH (Norwegian School of Economics)  
Current position: Consultant, Tercon AS   
Previous experience: President, Norges Fotballforbund, Deputy CEO, Fokus Bank, CFO, Fokus Bank 
Member of the Board since September 2011 
Olav Sem Austmo 
Member of the Board 
CEFA, EFFAS European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies 
MBA Finance, NHH (Norwegian School of Economics) MBE, BI Norwegian Business School  
Current position: CFO, TrønderEnergi AS 
Previous experience: Vice President Retail Banking, Glitnir Bank ASA, Executive Vice President 
Finance and Capital Markets, Sparebank 1 Midt-Norge, Vice President Strategic Alliances, Sparebank 
1 Gruppen AS  
Member of the Board since April 2015 
 
Gro F. Skårsmoen 
Member of the Board 
Siviløkonom, NHH (Norwegian School of Economics) 
Current position: CEO Opdals Sparebank (Oppdalsbanken) 
Previous experience: Price Waterhouse – senior auditor, Elkem – Group Chief Accounting Qfficer, 
Norsk Hydro – HR and Group Accounting, Coop Oppdal – CFO, Oppdal Booking – CFO, 
Oppdalsbanken – CFO

--- Page 150 ---
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
143 
Member of the Board since 2020 
Torleif Lilløy 
Member of the Board 
Cand.jur – University of Oslo, BSC economics and administration – Høgskolen i Vestfold  
Current position: CEO, Odal Sparebank 
Previous experience: The Norwegian Defence – legal adviser, Finnmark County Tax office – adviser, 
Tinn Sparebank – head of lending, Totens Sparebank – head of lending 
Member of the Board since 2018 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is Eika Boligkreditt AS, P.O. 
Box 2349, Solli, NO 0201 Oslo, Norway. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Board of Directors to the 
Issuer and their private interest or duties. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
There have been no events since 31 December 2021 which are particular to the Issuer and which are to 
a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 151 ---
144 
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
CURRENCY SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer will enter into currency swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers by executing 
ISDA Master Agreements (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex) 
(each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a 
Currency Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in 
currencies other than NOK and (b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK, 
subject always to the requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds” above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap 
Provider, the relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional 
collateral for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the 
relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating 
agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of 
the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating 
agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of 
the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may agree with the 
relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable 
grace period has expired; 
 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the Currency Swap 
Agreement, or if the relevant Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter 
derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Currency Swap 
Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency 
Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and

--- Page 152 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
145 
 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails 
to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement and described under “Interest Rate Swap Agreements – Ratings 
downgrade” above. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent 
of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap 
Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Currency Swap. However, if, due to a change in law, either the 
Issuer or the Currency Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Currency Swap or to 
receive a payment under a Currency Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either 
the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap Provider, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant 
Currency Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their 
claims against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap 
Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules, confirmations and, in each 
case, a credit support annex) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each of the 
transactions thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks in 
NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Currency 
Swap, subject always to the requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds”. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest 
Rate Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such 
Interest Rate Swap Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the

--- Page 153 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
146 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may 
include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with 
rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements 
of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a 
co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including 
the following: 
 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by 
the other party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any 
applicable grace period has expired; 
 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or 
if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults under an 
over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such 
Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace 
period; 
 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Provider under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and 
 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade” 
above. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent 
of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider.

--- Page 154 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
147 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under an Interest Rate Swap. However, if, due to a change in law, either 
the Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under an Interest Rate 
Swap or to receive a payment under an Interest Rate Swap from which an amount has been deducted or 
withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, as the case may be, may 
terminate the relevant Interest Rate Swaps. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their 
claims against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Where the Issuer enters into interest rate swap transactions and/or currency swap transactions with the 
same counterparty these may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SWAP PROVIDERS 
The Issuer will only enter into swaps with entities which are “qualified counterparties” for the purposes 
of the Act.

--- Page 155 ---
148 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the clearing systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning 
the clearing systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believe to be reliable, but neither 
of the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use 
the facilities of any of the clearing systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the 
rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant clearing system. Neither the Issuer, nor any other 
party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through 
the facilities of any clearing system or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
EURONEXT VPS 
Euronext VPS (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is a Norwegian public 
limited liability company authorised by the Norwegian FSA as a central securities depository under the 
CSD Act, which implements CSDR into Norwegian law, and is licensed to register financial instruments 
in Norway in accordance with the CSD Act. 
The CSD Act requires that, among other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered 
in Euronext VPS or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised 
by the Norwegian FSA as being entitled to register such notes and bonds pursuant to CSDR and the 
CSD Act (the VPS Securities), except notes and bonds (i) issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway 
and (A) denominated in Norwegian Kroner with subscription limited to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only or (B) denominated in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner, or (ii) issued by foreign issuers in 
a currency other than Norwegian Kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless central securities depository and therefore, registration of ownership, 
transfer and other rights to financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any 
issuer of VPS Securities will be required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS 
Securities are registered in the name of the holder and each holder is required to have her/his own 
account (investor’s account) showing such person’s holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the 
issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of registration in Euronext VPS, have to appoint 
an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian investment firm. 
VPS Noteholders may hold VPS Notes either (i) directly in an investor’s account or (ii) in a nominee 
account with a nominee meeting the requirements in Section 4-3, paragraph 1 of the CSD Act or having 
been approved by the Norwegian FSA pursuant to Section 4-3, paragraph 3 of the CSD Act.

--- Page 156 ---
149 
Taxation 
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of 
this Offering Circular and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding 
tax. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. Such tax liability may be 
modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Norway levies withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from Norway. However, the 
withholding obligation applies only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are 
resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the Issuer’s constitution as a credit institution wholly owned by 
Norwegian savings banks and the fact that the Issuer does not have any ownership in non-Norwegian 
subsidiaries, the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on the 
Notes. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of 
Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. Such tax 
liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. Such tax liability 
may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (FTT) in the participating Member States (the 
participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions described in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are exempt.

--- Page 157 ---
Taxation 
150 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes — Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes — 
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 158 ---
151 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 5 August 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules or TEFRA D (Swiss practice) rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 159 ---
Subscription and Sale 
152 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each 
Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this selling restriction entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 160 ---
Subscription and Sale 
153 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this selling restriction entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and the expression UK 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not

--- Page 161 ---
Subscription and Sale 
154 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interests (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 162 ---
Subscription and Sale 
155 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms  in 
respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
BELGIUM 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
NORWAY 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that 
this Offering Circular has been filed with the Norwegian FSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway 
except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes 
for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose 
denomination per unit amounts to at least €100,000; 
(b) 
to “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-6 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 
of 29 June 2007 no.75;

--- Page 163 ---
Subscription and Sale 
156 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in 
Section 10-6 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no.75), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a 
requirement for the registration or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or another central securities depository which is properly 
authorised or recognised by the Norwegian FSA as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act 2019 and Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 unless (i) the 
Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway. See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 164 ---
157 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 22 June 2022.  
LISTING OF NOTES 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, 
subject only to the issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of 
Notes is expected to be granted on or around 5 August 2022. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from www.eikbol.no: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an accurate and direct English translation thereof) of the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Offering Circular and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records) or, in the case of Notes denominated in Swiss francs, 
offered to the public in Switzerland, through the Intermediary. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
(including the Intermediary or Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Intermediary 
and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855

--- Page 165 ---
General Information 
158 
Luxembourg. The address of SIS (in its capacity as the Intermediary) is Brandschenkestrasse 47, P.O. 
Box, CH-8022 Zurich and the address of Euronext VPS is Fred Olsens Gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 31 
March 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021.  
LITIGATION 
There are no, and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer.  
AUDITORS 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte AS (the Auditors), a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public 
Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Norway for each of the two 
financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, respectively. The Auditors have 
no material interest in the Issuer.  
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Note. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
INDICATIVE YIELD FOR FIXED RATE NOTES 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 166 ---
ISSUER 
Eika Boligkreditt AS 
PO Box 2349 Solli 
NO 0201, Oslo 
Norway 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
VPS AGENT 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
One Bishops Square 
NO-0252 Oslo 
London E1 6AD 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte AS 
Karenslyst allé 
Postboks 347 Skøyen 
0213 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 167 ---
DEALERS 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Natixis  
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
47, quai d’Austerlitz  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
75013 Paris  
Federal Republic of Germany 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
UBS AG 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
8098 Zurich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Switzerland 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 
Ireland