--- Page 1 ---
1
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus), El Corte Inglés, S.A. (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the 
Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CBI has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended (MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid as a base prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from its date (i.e. 14 June 2025) in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA).

--- Page 2 ---
2
 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
delivered to the CBI and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin 
will 
also 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading 
on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject 
to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer; 
see "Subscription and Sale".  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. If rated, the Notes will be rated by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). S&P and Fitch are established in 
the EEA and are registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
As such, S&P and Fitch are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (ESMA) (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Neither S&P nor Fitch is established in the United Kingdom, however each is part of a group in respect of 
which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK CRA Regulation). The Issuer rating issued by S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, and by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, each in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and has not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which is administered by the European Money Markets Institutes (EMMI). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
Arranger 
J.P. MORGAN

--- Page 3 ---
3
 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
J.P. MORGAN 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 June 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
3038842690 
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all documents 
incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any Notes, must be 
read in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme nor any responsibility for the acts 
or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes.  No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY 
THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE SEC), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR 
HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF 
ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.

--- Page 5 ---
3038842690 
5 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, MiFID II); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and/or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
3038842690 
6 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be "prescribed capital markets" products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Product and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
3038842690 
7 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including Spain), the United Kingdom, Japan, Republic of Italy, Singapore and Switzerland; see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
3038842690 
8 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting/named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's intentions, beliefs or current 
expectations and projections about its future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the market in which it operates. The 
Issuer has tried to identify these and other forward-looking statements by using the words "may", "could", 
"will", "would", "should", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "guidance", "project", "future", 
"potential", "believe", "seek", "plan", "aim", "expect", "objective", "goal", "project", "strategy", "target", 
"continue" and similar expressions or their negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous 
assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business and the environment in which it expects to 
operate in the future. Forward-looking statements may be found in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer" and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The forward-looking events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Issuer 
may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to the Issuer could also cause the forward-
looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus not to occur or to occur in a different manner. These forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as otherwise required by 
applicable securities law and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Issuer 
undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, the Issuer cautions prospective 
investors not to place undue reliance on these statements.

--- Page 9 ---
3038842690 
9 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 16 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 44 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 47 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 67 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 97 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 98 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 129 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 134

--- Page 10 ---
3038842690 
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a new Base 
Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
95980020140005374753 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.elcorteingles.es  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme.  These include certain risks relating 
to the structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market 
risks. Each of these risks are set out under "Risk Factors" above. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to

--- Page 11 ---
3038842690 
11 
 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
No money market instruments having a maturity of less than 
twelve months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Issue and Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG London Branch 
Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time.  The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be 
distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any

--- Page 12 ---
3038842690 
12 
 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the Reference Rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Redemption: 
Notes will be redeemable at their stated maturity at their Final 
Redemption Amount.  Unless Issuer Call, Investor Put, Change 
of Control Put, Residual Maturity Call and/or Substantial 
Purchase Event applies as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default). 
Issuer Call: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant

--- Page 13 ---
3038842690 
13 
 
Dealer as further described in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
Investor Put: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer as further described in Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)). 
Change of Control Put: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Noteholders if a 
Change of Control Event occurs as further described in 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Change of Control Put)).  
Residual Maturity Call: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer no earlier 
than three months before the Maturity Date of the Notes as 
further described in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer (Residual Maturity Call)). 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer if a 
Substantial Purchase Event occurs as further described in 
Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Substantial Purchase Event)).  
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), pay such

--- Page 14 ---
3038842690 
14 
 
additional amounts as will result in the holders of the Notes 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect 
of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
The Issuer considers that, according to the simplified 
information procedures set out in Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 
July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (Royal 
Decree 1065/2007), the Issuer is not obliged to identify 
Noteholders 
as 
described 
in 
"Simplified 
information 
procedures". For further information regarding the interpretation 
of Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to "Risks relating to the 
Spanish withholding tax regime". 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis.  The Notes will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, as described in Condition 3 (Status of 
the Notes). 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. If 
rated, Notes will be rated by S&P and by Fitch.  Where a Series 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. See "Credit ratings assigned to the 
Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes" in "Risk Factors" below.  
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin.   
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued.

--- Page 15 ---
3038842690 
15 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent and the 
relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except the provisions 
relating to the capacity of the Issuer and the relevant corporate 
resolutions which are governed by Spanish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Spain), the United Kingdom, Japan, Republic of Italy, Singapore 
and Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes; see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
3038842690 
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks 
highlighted below, many of which are out of control of the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, operations, financial condition or prospects of the Issuer, which, in turn, could have a material 
adverse effect on the amount of principal and interest which investors will receive in respect of the Notes. In 
addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights 
of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any documents incorporated by reference herein (as further described in "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" below), and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. The Issuer has 
described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional 
risks that it currently considers not to be material or of which is not currently aware, and any of these risks 
could have the effects set forth above. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In each category below the Issuer sets out 
first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact and the probability of their occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one 
category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
(I) FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GROUP’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
1. Risks relating to the Group’s business and operations 
1.1. General 
The Group is impacted by the general macroeconomic and political environment and a continuing 
weak global economic growth may negatively impact the Group 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries (the Group) is impacted by the general macroeconomic and political 
environment, including by levels of sovereign debt and fiscal deficit, liquidity and credit availability, 
unemployment, actual disposable income, wages, including any cost increases as a result of inflation in 
payroll costs or actions by the public administrations to increase the minimum wage or pension plan 
contributions, as well as currency stability, interest rate fluctuations, employment growth, consumer 
confidence, consumers' perception of economic conditions and private sector investment. 
The Group's activities are mainly concentrated in Spain and, to a lesser extent, in Portugal and therefore, 
it is particularly affected by the macroeconomic environment in such markets. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the global growth outlook, including that of Spain and Portugal, remains marked by 
uncertainty. Current risk factors mainly result from national or international political tensions, such as the 
heightened geopolitical tensions following the conflict between Russia and Ukraine or the ongoing 
military conflict in Israel and Gaza, which have exacerbated inflationary pressures, with high energy 
costs, fuel, and certain raw materials, slowed overall economic growth, created supply chain bottlenecks 
and increased volatility in commodity and financial markets. As a result of the foregoing, a price increase 
has materialised in the recent years, reaching one of the highest increases in the Consumer Price Index in 
the last 30 years in Spain, with a corresponding impact on consumers’ purchasing power. 
Inflationary pressures led central banks to adopt interest rate hike policies. In July 2022, the ECB 
announced the first rate increase in the last eleven years, and subsequent increases have followed since 
then. The ECB announced on 14 September 2023 that the interest rates on the main refinancing operations,

--- Page 17 ---
3038842690 
17 
 
the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and the interest rates on the deposit facility would be 
increased to 4.50%, 4.75% and 4.00%, respectively, with effect from 20 September 2023. Subsequently, 
on 7 March 2024 and 11 April 2024, the ECB announced that interest rates would remain unchanged at 
those levels. Even if this tightening of the monetary policy has resulted in a decrease in inflationary levels, 
inflation rates in Spain are still expected to remain around the current levels, with inflation expected to 
reach a level of 2.7% at the end of the year 2024 and 1.9% and 1.7% at the end of the years 2025 and 
2026, respectively (Sources: Informe trimestral y proyecciones macroeconómicas de la economía 
española. Marzo de 2024). 
This current economic environment of instability has generated some uncertainty regarding the prospects 
of the global economy in general, including of the Spanish economy. In this regard, the Bank of Spain 
estimates that the Spanish GDP will only grow by 1.9% in 2024, 1.9% in 2025 and 1.7% in 2026 (Source: 
Informe trimestral y proyecciones macroeconómicas de la economía española. Marzo de 2024). 
In addition, such economic uncertainty, inflationary scenario and growth prospectus in the markets in 
which the Group operates (mainly Spain and Portugal) could affect consumer confidence, purchasing 
power and spending, including discretionary spending. In particular, economic conditions that affect 
consumers' disposable income, such as business conditions, changes in the housing market, availability 
of consumer credit, income tax levels, indirect taxes (including VAT), and fuel and energy costs, could 
also reduce overall consumer spending and negatively impact the Group's activity. 
Accordingly, given that the profitability and growth of the Group are closely linked to the Spanish (and 
to a lesser extent Portuguese) economic situation, if the Spanish (or Portuguese) economy does not 
continue to improve or decreases in line with past crisis, the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations or prospects could be adversely affected. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive market and which is undergoing a process of consolidation 
All of the Group’s divisions operate in highly competitive markets both in Spain and Portugal, which are 
the Group’s main markets, and the rest of international markets, and it competes with a wide variety of 
companies of varying sizes and covering different price points, product categories, distribution channels 
and geographic markets. Such competition places pressure on the Group’s turnover, pricing strategy, 
margins and profitability.  
Due to the variety of the Group businesses, it competes with a wide range of retailers, including single-
brand retailers, food retailers operating supermarkets, hypermarkets or convenience stores, sportswear 
retailers, footwear stores, home improvement stores, consumer electronic dealers, travel agencies, 
insurance brokers, personal insurance companies and many other specialist retailers. Furthermore, the 
Group also competes with internet retailers managing a similar product offering. In this highly 
competitive landscape, success is based on various factors such as product assortment and quality, 
service offered to customers, price, shopping experience and convenience. The Group’s success 
therefore relies on its capacity to differentiate from its competitors on these factors. Certain competitors 
have greater financial resources, greater purchasing economies of scale and/or lower cost bases than 
the Group. Consequently, they may be able to spend more on marketing and advertising campaigns, 
which could increase their market share.  
Furthermore, in recent years, this competition has been heightened by the significant increase in internet 
sales of the products the Group offers, such as fashion, beauty and household products, electronics, sports 
goods and food, reducing the significance of the traditional distribution channels the Group has 
traditionally operated such as retail stores, supermarkets and department stores.  
The Group’s online channel strategy competes with large and highly specialised global, regional and local 
players. Doing so requires an adequate and skilled workforce as well as the technical and financial 
resources necessary to consistently invest in new technologies and develop an attractive product and 
service portfolio. The Group’s online channel also operates in areas where there are lower barriers to entry 
for new competitors.

--- Page 18 ---
3038842690 
18 
 
Finally, over the past few years, the retail sector in Spain has undergone a consolidation process, by which 
large retail chains have increased their market share at the expense of smaller shops, and supermarkets, 
and local and international hypermarkets have consolidated their positions. The Group believes that 
further consolidation in these markets is likely, as competition intensifies, and economies of scale become 
increasingly significant. The Group cannot assure that such market consolidation will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Variations in brand recognition and loyalty and public perceptions may adversely affect the Group's 
reputation and business 
Maintaining and enhancing the Group's brand is critical to its success, given its consumer and market 
focus. If the Group's market recognition, loyalty to its brand or its reputation were to be harmed, it could 
lose customers or fail to increase its customer base. The Group plans to continue investing substantial 
resources to promote its brand, but there is no guarantee that its branding development strategies will 
enhance its recognition. If the Group’s efforts to promote and maintain its brand are not successful, its 
operating results and its ability to attract and retain customers may be adversely affected. 
Additionally, negative reviews, or reviews in which the Group’s competitors’ brands are rated higher than 
it, could negatively affect its brand and reputation. If the Group does not handle customer complaints 
effectively, its brand and reputation may suffer, it may lose its customers’ confidence. Complaints or 
negative publicity about the Group’s brand and services could adversely impact its ability to attract and 
retain customers and its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition any 
deterioration in the variety or quality of its private and own label products could also adversely affect its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Sales of the Group’s products and provision of services are subject to changing consumer preferences 
The Group's sales are subject to evolving and changing consumer preferences and industry trends, such 
as the expansion of digital channels, direct-to-consumer channels and advances in technology as artificial 
intelligence and its operating results therefore depend in part on its ability to predict or respond to changes 
in consumer preferences in a timely manner and to translate market trends into appropriate, profitable 
merchandise offerings.  
There can be no assurance that the Group's brands and merchandise selection, or the product mix 
selection, will accurately reflect customer preferences at any given time or that the Group will be able to 
identify and respond quickly to changes in customer trends. The Group also risks driving away customers 
who cannot locate their desired brands or products in its stores, which could encourage customers to seek 
and alternative shopping experiences. In addition, customer preference is currently very focused in 
sustainable consumption, and the Group may not be able to offer products and travel services which match 
consumer preferences from a sustainability perspective. If the Group is unable to successfully predict or 
fulfil sales demand or respond to changing styles, tastes or trends, it may be forced to rely on additional 
markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or slow-moving inventory or it may experience 
inventory shortfalls on popular merchandise. Any sustained failure to identify and fulfil emerging trends 
in lifestyle and consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with its real estate portfolio 
The Group’s real estate assets represent a significant percentage of the value of the Group (as of 29 
February 2024, the real estate portfolio had a Gross Asset Value of €15,500 million. The Group’s real 
estate portfolio is subject to certain risks, many of which are not within the Group’s control. The value of 
the Group’s properties may be adversely affected by the following factors: 
 
downturns in national, regional and local economic climate;

--- Page 19 ---
3038842690 
19 
 
 
civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters, or terrorist acts or acts of war which may 
result in uninsured or underinsured losses; 
 
latent defects and unknown liabilities in relation to, among others, current structural status, 
environmental liability, lack of mandatory licenses and permits, compliance with technical code 
and applicable regulations;   
 
maintaining required licences and permits, both from the asset owner and the operator perspective, 
to be granted by national, local or regional authorities.  
 
law reforms and governmental regulations (such as those governing usage, zoning and real property 
taxes); 
 
an increase in operating costs due to inflation and other factors such as insurance expense, utilities, 
real estate taxes, state and local taxes and heightened security and cleaning costs; and 
 
specific capital allocation in relation to the properties that need to be periodically renovated, 
repaired and adapted to emerging laws and regulations, and the implicit costs thereof. 
The occurrence of any or a combination of the factors listed above could result in shutdown of Group’ 
operations and significantly impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, as part of the management of its real estate portfolio, the Group also carries out certain real 
estate assets’ disposals , thus reducing its available real estate assets. Such potential disposal of assets 
could entail certain risks to the Group such as increased lease costs or less control over store location (in 
case additional real estate assets are needed to develop the business) and a potential reduction of the 
balance sheet. 
The Issuer is exposed to political and other risks in its sourcing markets 
The Group primarily sources its raw materials from, and its products are primarily manufactured in, 
Europe and Asia. The Group sources a significant proportion of its products from Europe and other 
developing markets. As a result, the Group is subject to the general risks associated with conducting 
business in its sourcing markets, including: instability in political, economic or financial systems, less 
developed and rapidly evolving legal, regulatory and judicial systems that are characterised by gaps, 
conflicts and ambiguities, rapid changes to foreign government regulation, bribery and corruption, labour 
disputes or risk of child labour, social conflict, civil strife or labour unrest, embargoes, strikes, work 
stoppages or slowdowns and shipment disruptions or delays, health concerns and outbreaks of infectious 
diseases, difficulties and delays in obtaining new permits or licenses or in renewing existing ones, 
inability to repatriate profits and/or dividends or material fluctuations in currency exchange rates and high 
inflation. 
These factors could require the Group to modify its current business practices or to incur increased 
production costs. In addition, the Group’s sourcing of products could be delayed or interrupted due to 
port strikes, infrastructure congestion, embargoes, trade or import/export restrictions or other factors. If 
any of these risks were to materialise, the Group’s operations in the relevant country could be adversely 
affected. Risks related to the Group’s sourcing markets, if materialised, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sales of the Group’s products are subject to weather impact and seasonal fluctuations 
The retail and travel industries in which the Group’s Retail and Travel business operate, respectively, are 
seasonal by nature, and the Group’s results and profits are therefore subject to seasonal fluctuations. The 
Group’s results are affected by periods of abnormal, severe or unseasonal weather conditions. Adverse 
weather can deter consumers from shopping and render a portion of the Group’s inventory incompatible 
with prevailing conditions.

--- Page 20 ---
3038842690 
20 
 
Like other retailers, the Group’s most important trading period is the November to January period over 
the Christmas season. The Group also experience a sales increase in June and July during the pre-summer 
period. In addition, in line with the travel industry, the Group Travel business typically experiences higher 
activity in certain periods of the year, such as during summer months and holiday seasons. The seasonal 
influences have a direct impact on the Group’s earnings in the corresponding quarter. Any factors that 
harm the operating results in peak sales periods, including adverse weather or unfavourable economic 
conditions, would have a disproportionate effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial 
condition for the entire fiscal year. Because of the seasonal influences, the Group’s results of individual 
quarters can fluctuate significantly.  
The Group relies on the effectiveness of its marketing and promotional campaigns to drive sales volumes 
during peak selling and promotional periods. If sales during peak selling and promotional periods are 
significantly lower than expected for any reason, the Group may be unable to adjust its expenses in time 
to react to reduced levels of sales. As a result, the Group may be left with a substantial amount of unsold 
inventory, especially in seasonal merchandise that is difficult to liquidate, or with excess staffing costs 
relative to the level of sales. In such circumstances, the Group may be forced to rely on markdowns or 
promotional sales to dispose of excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has high dependence on marketing campaigns and promotions 
The Group’s sales depend to a large extent on the success of the Group’s marketing approach and 
promotion of new products. The Group uses various marketing platforms as part of its marketing 
approach, including brochures, marketing events, TV and radio campaigns, internet advertising, direct 
mailing, visual merchandizing and celebrity endorsements. In addition, the Group is present on social 
networks with active accounts on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, LinkedIn and 
TikTok with strong engagement. The Group will need to continue refreshing or reinventing its marketing 
campaigns and need to keep promoting its products, which will require additional expense.  
If the Group’s marketing campaigns fail or promotional strategies are not innovative, the investments 
made will turn out to be ineffective and it could face a decrease in customer demand and a resulting 
decline in sales which, especially if marketing campaigns repeatedly prove ineffective, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Labour disruptions and the rising of labour costs could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
As of 29 February 2024, the Group had 81,714 direct employees distributed among all the companies of 
the Group. All of the Group’s employees (not including those employed directly by third-party brands 
that operate in the Group’s stores) are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Although the Group 
believes it presently has good relations with its employees, there is no assurance that a work slowdown, 
a work stoppage or a strike will not occur prior to or upon the expiration of current collective bargaining 
agreement, which was signed in 2023, or due to other circumstances, and the Group cannot estimate the 
effect of any such work slowdown, work stoppage or strike on the Group’s sales or the effect of an adverse 
material change in the conditions of the bargaining agreements in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus upon their renewal. Additionally, changes to the employment regulations (such as a reduction 
of the working hours) could have a material change in the conditions of the workforce and such potential 
change cannot be estimated by the Group. 
For the years ended 29 February 2024 and 28 February 2023, the Group’s personnel expenses were €2,521 
million and €2,353 million, respectively. Any significant increase in labour costs, collective bargaining 
agreement negotiations, decrease in maximum working hours, extensive work slowdowns, work 
stoppages or strikes could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
3038842690 
21 
 
Interruption or failure of the Issuer’s information technology systems could disrupt its business 
The Group relies heavily on its information technology systems to operate its apps, websites, record and 
process transactions, respond to customer inquiries, monitor sales trends, manage inventory, purchase, 
sell and ship merchandise on a timely basis and maintain cost-efficient operations. Given the significant 
number of transactions that are completed annually, it is necessary to maintain constant operation of the 
Group’s computer hardware and software systems and maintain cyber security. The Group’s information 
technology systems may be subject to damage or interruption from power loss, telecommunications 
failures, data corruption, network failure, computer viruses, security breaches, natural disasters, third-
party intrusions or other technical malfunctions despite, where possible, efforts to prevent such damage 
or interruption. 
In addition, as the Group’s reliance on information technology systems has increased with the expansion 
of its online channel business (for instance, in the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, there were 17.3 
million online retail orders and reservations, with more than 960 million visits between website and apps), 
the risks associated with operating an internet-based platform have increased as well, particularly the risk 
of cyber-attacks, which are attempts to gain unauthorised access to, or disrupt the operation of, the 
Group’s information technology systems. The number of cyber-attacks has generally increased in recent 
years, with perpetrators targeting retailers, financial institutions and other companies that process online 
payments and/or otherwise are in possession of customer financial data (such as credit or debit card 
information). A cyber-attack on the Group’s information technology systems, if successful and 
significant, could result in damage to its reputation and materially adversely affect the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group faces the risk of theft, misappropriation or inappropriate utilization of its customer data 
The regulatory environment governing the use of individually identifiable data of customers, employees 
and others is complex. Privacy and information security laws and requirements change frequently, and 
compliance with them may require the Group to incur costs to make necessary system changes and 
implement new administrative processes. If a data security breach occurs, the Group’s reputation could 
be damaged and it could experience lost sales, fines or lawsuits. 
The Group collects customer data conditional upon the customers’ consent. The customer data could be 
either stolen or misappropriated at any stage of data processing such as receipt, transmission, use or 
storage of the data. In this case, customers may be unwilling to provide the Group with their data and 
direct marketing could be negatively affected as a result. Therefore, the theft or misappropriation of 
customer data could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The Group faces certain risks in relation to the online channel, online sales and its omnichannel 
offering 
Online sales through the Group’s online channel are becoming increasingly important in the Group’s 
omnichannel strategy. In this respect, the Group faces certain risks in relation to its online channel and 
faces strong competition from other e-commerce providers.  
The Group’s online offering is subject to numerous risks, including: 
 
reliance on third parties for computer hardware/software (including website development, 
maintenance, hosting and payment processing), the need to keep up with rapid technological change 
and the implementation of new systems and platforms; 
 
the risk that the Group’s websites may become unstable or unavailable due to necessary upgrades or 
the partial or complete failure of the Group’s computer systems or the related IT support systems as 
a result of computer viruses, hacking attempts, telecommunication failures, security breaches and

--- Page 22 ---
3038842690 
22 
 
break-ins and similar disruptions, or disruption of internet service, whether for technical reasons or 
as a result of state-sponsored censorship or other causes; 
 
customers finding the website or the mobile application difficult to use, being less willing to use the 
site than expected or not being confident that it is secure; 
 
reliability on and cost of search engine marketing; 
 
difficulty integrating the Group’s online offering and its store network, which may result in 
complications for customers and technical difficulties to adjust the systems and networks to be 
compatible with the omni-channel platform; 
 
liability for online content; 
 
adverse publicity or negative reviews from dissatisfied customers spreading online or through social 
media platforms, which may deter other potential customers from using the online or mobile 
channels; and 
 
liability for online credit card fraud and problems adequately securing its payment systems. 
The Group’s failure to respond appropriately to these risks and uncertainties could reduce its online and 
instore sales results, as well as damage its reputation, especially since the online channel and omnichannel 
offering are an important part of its growth strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be required to adjust the current value of its properties 
Due to the illiquid nature of property, the reports on the value of the Group’s real estate portfolio (such 
as those prepared by Jones Lang Lassalle and by Savills Aguirre Newman) are based on standard 
valuation principles and represent the opinion of appraiser and thus are subject to uncertainty. The 
portfolio valuation is based on the valuer’s opinion, which is subject to the relevant valuation method and 
various assumptions that could subsequently turn out to be incorrect or that may vary from time to time. 
In addition, the valuation of real estate may be based on a multitude of factors such as expected rental 
income, performance of the Group’s business, the property’s condition, historical vacancy level, real 
estate tax rates, operating expenses, potential claims for environmental liabilities and risks associated 
with certain construction material and is therefore subject to numerous uncertainties. Accordingly, the 
valuations may fluctuate from time to time and also may not accurately reflect the value of the property 
to which they relate. The valuations do not necessarily represent current or future sales prices that the 
Group would be able to realize on the sale of its properties or participations. In particular, during times 
of limited transaction in the real estate markets in general or in particular market segments thereof, market 
prices for properties may be especially difficult to assess. 
Due to the risks described above, erroneous valuations of the Group’s portfolio or a change in the factors 
underlying the valuation and/or the assumptions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to keep pace with technological developments 
To achieve the Group’s strategic objectives and remain competitive, the Group must continue to develop 
and enhance its information technology systems. In this respect, continuous investment in technology is 
necessary and web services and apps require periodical upgrades. This requires the acquisition of 
equipment and software and the development of new proprietary software. The Group’s implementation 
of its omnichannel strategy depends on the Group’s ability to ensure that its websites and store network 
interact seamlessly with each other so that customers are able to have uninterrupted access to these 
different channels (by, for example, returning products bought online to a store). No assurance can be 
given that the Group will be able to continue to design, develop, implement or utilise, in a cost-effective

--- Page 23 ---
3038842690 
23 
 
manner, information systems that provide the capabilities necessary for the Group to operate or compete 
effectively.  
Continued enhancement and development of the Group’s systems will require considerable expense, and 
while the Group plans to invest significantly in its information technology systems and capability in the 
medium term, it may not be able to make the necessary investments to maintain and upgrade its systems 
in a manner that will avoid interruptions or disruptions of such systems. Any such interruptions or 
disruptions may adversely affect the stability and proper-functioning of the Issuer’s apps and websites 
and may affect the Group’s results of operations as a result.  
In addition, if the Group does not keep pace with developments on its competitors’ apps and websites, 
the Group’s customers may find the Issuer’s apps and websites less appealing and so may be less willing 
to use the apps and websites than the Group expects. The Group intends to continue to upgrade its apps 
and websites to include new features, but such upgrades may not be successful and may not appeal to 
customers. The Group is reliant on its apps and websites being fit-for-purpose and providing customers 
with an experience that matches and, where possible, surpasses that of the Group competitors’ apps and 
websites. Any failure to adapt to technological developments or any inability to maintain and upgrade the 
Group’s information technology systems may have a negative impact on the Group’s appeal to customers 
and may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group is subject to several risks arising from its existing joint ventures 
The Group is engaged in various joint ventures (such as Financiera El Corte Inglés, S.A., in which it has 
partnered with Santander Consumer Finance, Seguros El Corte Inglés, Vida Pensiones y Reaseguros, 
S.A., Centro de Seguros y Servicios, El Corte Ingles, Agencia de Seguros Vinculada, S.A., and Ahorro 
& Inversión El Corte Ingles, Agencia de Valores, S.A., in which it has partnered with Mutua Madrileña, 
or VECI Travel Group, S.L., in which it has partnered with Tool Factory, S.L., among others), 
collaborating with third-party partners to manage and operate specific business lines. These joint ventures 
offer potential benefits such as access to additional resources, expertise, and markets. However, they also 
expose the Group to several risks that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In particular, joint ventures require cooperative decision-making with partners, which limits the Group’s 
ability to exert unilateral control. This shared control can lead to conflicts or delays in decision-making. 
The success of the Group’s joint ventures often hinges on the consistent contributions of its partners, who 
may encounter their own financial, operational, or strategic challenges, affecting their commitments to 
the joint venture. In addition, exiting from a joint venture can be complex and costly, especially if the 
termination terms are not clearly defined or if disputes arise between the partners. Such difficulties could 
disrupt ongoing operations and negatively impact the Group’s business performance. 
Fraud and other crimes could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
There is a risk of fraudulent behaviour by the Group’s employees, customers or members of the public. 
In particular, there is the risk of theft of stock or cash from the Group’s stores or during delivery or 
collection, as well as of online fraud. While the Group has not experienced significant levels of inventory 
shrinkage in the past, there can be no assurance that incidences of inventory loss or theft will not increase 
in the future or that the measures the Group is taking will effectively decrease inventory shrinkage. The 
Group is also subject to the risk of inventory loss and theft. If the Group were to experience higher rates 
of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security costs to combat inventory theft, its business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected.  
The Group is subject to risks related to its mergers and acquisitions activity 
In connection with the mergers and acquisitions activity of the Group involving, among others, 
companies, shares, securities, interests or real estate assets that the Group may acquire, unknown

--- Page 24 ---
3038842690 
24 
 
liabilities or hidden material defects may arise that were not apparent at the time of acquisition for which 
the Group would have no recourse, or only limited recourse, to the former owners of such assets. To the 
extent that the Group and other third parties performing due diligence on the relevant acquired assets 
underestimate or fail to identify risks and liabilities associated with such assets, the Group may be subject 
to one or more of the following risks: 
 
defects in title; 
 
environmental liabilities or structural or operational defects or liabilities requiring remediation 
and/or not covered by indemnities or insurance;  
 
lack or insufficiency of permits and licences (e.g., occupancy and activity licences from municipal 
authorities) or regulatory authorisations; 
 
an inability to obtain permits enabling the acquired company to perform its corporate purpose or 
the property to be used as intended; 
 
law reforms and governmental regulations (such as tax regimes or those governing usage, 
zoning); and 
 
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
As a result, if a liability were asserted against the Group based upon ownership of an acquired asset, the 
Group may be impacted by it, and this could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group depends in part on key personnel that is important to its business and the departure of such 
personnel, or the failure to recruit and retain additional personnel or to attract and retain suitable 
employees generally, could adversely affect the business 
The Group is dependent upon key senior management personnel who have extensive experience and 
knowledge of the industry in which the Group operates. Retention of senior management is important in 
the Group’s business due to the limited availability of experienced and talented retail executives. If the 
Group were to lose the services of members of its senior management team and is unable to employ 
suitable replacements in a timely manner, its business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects could be materially adversely affected. The Group’s ability to anticipate and effectively respond 
to changing customer preferences and tastes depends, in part, on it attracting and retaining key personnel 
in the different business areas of the Group. Competition for such personnel is intense, and the Group 
may not be able to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel in the future. The Group 
is also dependent on attracting and retaining qualified personnel to manage its stores and employees to 
staff such stores and on the external personnel from the external brands trade in the Group. 
The inability to attract, integrate and/or retain highly skilled personnel, in particular those in key positions, 
may weaken the Group’s succession plans, may materially adversely affect the implementation of its 
strategy and its ability to meet its strategic objectives and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
There may be a decrease in demand for the Group’s products in the event of health concerns and 
pandemics 
In recent years there have been outbreaks of a number of diseases that have had the potential to spread 
rapidly over very large geographic areas and/or other health-related concerns which have been, or have 
been perceived to be, associated with food products. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
started in 2020, and the measures put in place to fight it, had a significant impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition. Any outbreak of disease and/or other widespread health-related 
food concerns could increase the Group costs in sourcing alternative suppliers and/or have an adverse

--- Page 25 ---
3038842690 
25 
 
impact on consumer preferences and spending. Additionally, due to the recent increase of the commercial 
tourism and the presence of Group’s stores in the most relevant cities of Spain and Portugal, any potential 
reduction of commercial tourists in Spain and Portugal or travel restrictions may have an adverse impact 
on demand for the Group’s products. A widespread outbreak of any disease or concerns in Spain or 
elsewhere could have an adverse effect on the Group’s suppliers and customers, and on the economy in 
general, with a consequential adverse effect on the demand for products sold by the Group, its financial 
condition and future prospects.  
1.2. Risks relating to the Retail division 
The Group’s traditional retail stores, supermarkets and hypermarkets face increasing competition from 
internet sales which may negatively affect sales through traditional channels 
In recent years, retail sales of clothing, food, home improvement and other products over the internet have 
increased significantly where the Group operates. Certain internet retailers have significantly lower 
operating costs than traditional retailers due to the lack of expensive network of retail points-of-sale or a 
large sales force. As a result, such internet retailers may be able to offer their products at lower costs than 
the Group and in certain cases are able to bypass traditional retailers. The Group believes that, despite the 
affluence to the physical points-of-sale is solid, consumers are increasingly using the internet to purchase 
retail goods. If internet sales continue to grow and the Group omnichannel strategy is not satisfactorily 
deployed, Group’s consumers reliance on the Group’s traditional distribution channels such as the 
Group’s department stores, home improvement stores, hypermarkets, supermarkets and other retail stores 
could be diminished, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s relationships with certain external brands are important to its business and the loss of a 
significant partner could have an adverse impact on its business 
A wide variety of external brands currently sell products to the Group or operate concessions in the 
Group’s stores in Spain and trade through its website. As relationship with external brands constitute an 
important part of the Group’s business, the loss of a number of important partners, an increasing direct-
to-costumer strategy of relevant partners involving disintermediation, an inability to attract new and 
desirable partners or any other disruption to the trading arrangements may have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s results of operations. The same applies for possible difficulties the Group may encounter when 
renegotiating or extending trading contracts with partners or if existing trading contracts are terminated, 
resulting in new contracts with less favourable terms.  
Additionally, detriment in reputation, market recognition and loyalty of external brands trade by the 
Group, which are outside the Group’s control, could have a negative impact in terms of customers’ 
confidence and be translated into a reduction of turnover in stores and Group’ results. 
The Group depends on a number of facilities for distribution of its products to its points of sale 
The Group operates its logistic network though distribution centres, relying on three large distribution 
centres in Madrid, Barcelona and the Canary Islands for the vast majority of its supply chain interactions, 
be it receiving products from suppliers, or processing and packaging products while the stock is present 
in the distribution centre, or distributing products to its points of sale. The Group is also dependent on 
logistics suppliers, which provide logistics and transport services to the Issuer on a regular basis. Should 
any of the main distribution centres located in Madrid, Barcelona and the Canary Islands experience an 
interruption in operations, the Group may not be able to effectively distribute the products it sells, which 
may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to inventory risks 
The Group must, at the same time, maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate its business successfully 
and also guard against accumulating excess inventory as it seeks to minimise out-of-stock levels across

--- Page 26 ---
3038842690 
26 
 
all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. As part of its business, the Group obtains a portion 
of its inventory from vendors that often require lengthy advance notice of its requirements in order to be 
able to supply products in the quantities it requests. This usually requires the Group to order merchandise, 
and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in 
advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. 
Any unpredictable reduction in demand, inaccurate forecast or any other unforeseen circumstances during 
these peak seasons might have a significant impact on the Group’s inventory management. Constraints 
on inventory management systems or processes may cause excess inventory in one location and 
insufficient inventory in another. In response, the Group may be forced to markdown or discount stock, 
or incur additional logistics costs to move inventory from one store to another. Maintaining adequate 
inventory requires significant attention and monitoring of market trends, local markets, developments 
with suppliers and the distribution network. If the Group does not accurately anticipate the future demand 
for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, its inventory levels will not be 
appropriate and its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The location of the Group’s stores or the stores themselves may become less attractive over time 
The Group’s stores are situated in high footfall locations in some of the largest shopping areas in Spain 
and Portugal. The Group considers these locations to be well-positioned for reasons including their 
accessibility to a large customer base or their iconic status. There is no guarantee that the Group’s store 
locations will retain their attractiveness over time. Changing consumer habits, such as a move away from 
city or town centre shopping and towards online shopping, may mean that the Group’s store locations 
become less attractive over time as a result of lower numbers of visiting customers. This may have a 
negative impact on the turnover experienced in stores and have an adverse impact on the Group’s results 
of operations and financial performance as a result. 
In addition, there is no guarantee that the Groups’ stores themselves will retain their attractiveness over 
time. In this respect, continuous investment to keep the stores up to date and aligned with the latest trends 
and consumer habits is required. Continued enhancement and improvement of the Group’s stores will 
require considerable expense, and while the Group plans to invest significantly in its stores, it may not be 
able to make the necessary investments to keep the stores attractive and appealing to consumers. If the 
Group is not able to maintain stores attractive to consumers, including following significant expenditures, 
this could have an adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations and financial performance as a 
result.  
The Group has, and depends on, a significant amount of leases 
Although most of the Group’s operating assets are owned by a member of the Group, it currently has, and 
depends on, a number of leases through which it develops part of its network (Supercor stores, travel 
agencies, offices, etc). If the Group is unable to renew its leases, its ability to lease a suitable replacement 
location on favourable terms is subject to many factors that are not within the Group’s control, such as 
conditions in the local real estate market, competition for desirable properties and the Group’s 
relationships with current and prospective landlords. If the Group’s lease payments increase or the Group 
is unable to renew existing leases or lease suitable alternative locations, this could have material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on the reliability and availability of its supply chain, including, in particular, 
its top suppliers, and any disruptions or other problems with its supply chain may materially adversely 
affect its business 
The Group’s supply chain is integral to the private brand operating model of its Retail business. The 
business model depends on speed of product design and development, manufacture and delivery. The 
Group does not manufacture its own products directly, but instead sources them from various third-party 
overseas agents and manufacturers (collectively, suppliers), which source or produce the merchandise 
according to the Group’s specifications. Customers expect the Group to offer products reflecting the latest

--- Page 27 ---
3038842690 
27 
 
fashion and sustainability trends, which means that any disruption to the supply chain caused by failure 
of suppliers is likely to have a negative impact on the Group’s competitive position and could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Due to the variety of products and services offered to customers, the Group has a wide range of suppliers, 
primarily in Spain. The Group may suffer disruption to its supply chain if its suppliers were to fail to meet 
their supply obligations for whatever reason, including unexpected closure or damage to a supplier’s or 
their subcontractors’ factories due to fire, employee strikes, work stoppages, financial difficulties, 
bankruptcy, political unrest or natural disaster, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to certain risks related to raw materials, food ingredients and other input costs 
across several jurisdictions incurred in manufacturing and distributing product 
In making, distributing and marketing the products it sells in the Retail business, the Group consumes 
certain key raw materials. In addition, the Group and its suppliers use significant quantities of food 
ingredients and packaging materials. All of these products are subject to availability constraints and price 
volatility caused by factors such as the high demand for fabrics, fuel prices, weather, supply conditions, 
government regulations, crop yields, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, war, terrorism, labour unrest, 
global health concerns, the economic climate and other unpredictable factors. The price and availability 
of such products has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. An increase in the price of 
certain raw materials, such as cotton, paper and plastic, may significantly impact costs and thereby reduce 
margins. If raw materials required for production are not immediately available in stock at suppliers, this 
may cause delays and longer lead times between ordering and taking delivery of the products. This in turn 
may lead to lower sales than could have been realised with products potentially arriving in store once the 
fashion trend has passed or the season has changed. Consequently, the Group may also experience lower 
margins if required to mark down prices to clear inventory of slow selling products. In addition, in the 
future, the Group may be affected by the imposition of national or international quotas regulating, for 
example, volumes of raw materials, especially on fish and seafood products. If a regulatory regime 
establishes such measures, the price of raw materials could increase, and the Group’s results could be 
affected. 
Product defects or failure to meet the Group’s quality standards may cause supply shortages, expose 
the Group to claims for damages and/or administrative sanctions and damage the public perception of 
the Group’s brand 
As the Group does not directly manufacture its own products, it depends on third-party manufacturers to 
ensure that products comply with its specifications and quality standards. If a defect or quality issue is 
identified during quality controls conducted by the Group, it will not accept delivery of the relevant 
product. In such case, the Group may be unable to replace the rejected merchandise in a timely manner, 
which may result in supply shortages and foregone net turnover. In addition, there is a risk that quality 
control procedures may not detect defects or quality issues in the merchandise that the Group receives. If 
the Group sells defective or low-quality merchandise, it could lose customer loyalty, harm its brands or 
be exposed to increased product returns and claims for damages by customers. In addition, by offering 
products that are defective, for example due to the use of harmful substances, raw materials or chemicals, 
the Group could violate applicable health, safety or environmental regulations, and become subject to 
administrative sanctions, such as fines. In all such cases, the images of the Group’s brands and the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
The food distribution business sources fresh products from local producers and climate changes may 
affect their ability to produce, consequently affecting the Group’s capacity to offer such products 
Changes in weather conditions may negatively affect the capacity of certain regions to produce fresh 
products such as fresh fruits and vegetables and dairy products. The Group's hypermarket and supermarket 
businesses have a significant focus on perishable products. As the Group sources part of its fresh products

--- Page 28 ---
3038842690 
28 
 
from local producers, such changes in climate could impair or limit the Group's ability to source such 
products, thus affecting its capacity to offer the full assortment of products that it normally carries. 
The Group depends on public sector customers and projects  
The Group, and the business to consumer related to public sector area, both in sale of goods and provision 
of services, depends on the continued availability of attractive levels of government incentives to attract 
private companies. Intensive competition between private companies and business conditions with the 
public sector could reduce the Group’s presence in public sector-related transactions and adversely affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
1.3. Risks relating to the Travel division 
The Group’s Travel business division could be adversely affected by the occurrence of events affecting 
travel safety, such as natural disasters and political and social instability 
The travel industry is sensitive to safety concerns. The Group's Travel business division could be 
adversely affected by the occurrence of travel-related accidents, such as airplane crashes, incidents of 
actual or threatened terrorism, political instability or conflict or other events whereby travellers become 
concerned about safety issues, including as a result of unusual weather patterns or natural disasters (such 
as hurricanes, tsunamis or earthquakes), potential outbreaks of epidemics or pandemics or other human 
or natural disasters. The occurrence of such events could result in a decrease in customers' appetite to 
travel. Any such decrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any other issues 
affecting travel safety, could adversely impact on the Group's financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group’s Travel business division could be adversely affected by a decline in demand due to 
changes in consumer behaviour  
In recent years, consumer behaviour has changed in a number of ways as a result of various factors. For 
example, the growth of the internet has increased price transparency and choice, leading both to a 
significant increase in the availability of travel products and services, and to a proliferation of online 
information and reviews about travel experiences and destinations. Availability and choice of airline 
routes has also expanded, as the rise of low-cost carriers has led to a significant increase in the online 
distribution of seats to a wide range of destinations at competitive prices. 
These changes have made it easier for customers, both individuals and companies, to research and build 
their own travel experiences, leading to growth in the independent travel sector, the increase of online 
distribution as compared with traditional high street travel agents and increased sales of travel products 
directly to customers rather than via tour operators. In recent years, customers in some markets have 
tended to book holidays nearer the time of travel than has traditionally been the case, making it more 
difficult for the Group to engage in effective seasonal planning (such as capacity adjustments), and 
making it more vulnerable to short-term changes in customer demand and potential adverse impacts on 
product pricing. Also, new technologies have enabled alternative strategies consisting of virtual meetings, 
which could lead multinational companies to a decrease in physical meetings and, as a consequence, in 
traditional business travel industry. 
In addition, consumers are increasingly being influenced by concerns over climate change and 
sustainability. Travelers are becoming more environmentally conscious, favouring destinations and travel 
options that demonstrate a commitment to sustainability. The growing awareness of climate change has 
led many consumers to reconsider the environmental impact of their travel choices. This includes a 
preference for lower-carbon transport options, accommodations with sustainable practices, and 
destinations that are perceived to be more environmentally responsible.

--- Page 29 ---
3038842690 
29 
 
If the Group does not successfully adapt and develop in response to these and other market developments 
and changes in consumer preferences for leisure travel products, this may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s Travel business division segment, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
1.4. Risks relating to the Other Business division 
1.4.1.Risks related to the Financial Services division 
The Group’s consumer finance operations may expose it to increased credit and financial risk, which 
may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer, together with Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. (Santander CF) as a business partner, owns 
Financiera El Corte Inglés, S.A. (FECI). For more information on FECI’s operations, please see 
Information on the Group – Financial Services.  
For the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, approximately 40 per cent. of the Group’s sales to retail 
customers were financed by FECI. As a result, the Group is exposed to credit and financial risk, which 
may adversely affect its financial position and operating results. 
In assessing the creditworthiness of its customers, FECI relies heavily on credit information available 
from its own internal databases and other sources. Due to limitations in the availability of information, 
FECI’s assessment of the credit risks associated with a particular customer may not be based on complete, 
accurate or reliable information. Furthermore, FECI cannot guarantee that its credit rating systems collect 
complete or accurate information that reflects the actual behaviour of customers or that their credit risk 
can be correctly assessed.  
If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans, this could 
adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations since the assets do not generate 
income but drain resources related to the recovery process in addition to the explicit costs that might be 
materialised through the constitution of provisions and other impairments. In addition, a high non-
performing loans ratio could entail significant credit risks and can lead to increased provisions for loan 
losses, which could diminish the Group’s profitability and deplete its capital resources. Several factors, 
including economic downturns, high unemployment rates, and unfavourable changes in market 
conditions, could lead to a deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and, consequently, 
an increase in our non-performing loan ratio. 
In addition, its credit card income is affected by general economic conditions beyond the Group’s control, 
including employment levels, consumer confidence, inflation and interest rates. A downturn in the 
economy may lead to a decrease in credit card income or an increase in payment delinquencies. 
Changes in credit and debit card provider requirements or applicable regulations could adversely affect 
the Group’s business 
Since a substantial portion of the Group’s sales is made to customers that pay for their purchases with 
credit or debit cards, rather than with cash, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks associated with 
credit and debit cards and merchant acquiring business. For credit and debit card payments, the Group 
pays interchange and other fees. These fees may increase over time and thus increase the Group’s 
operating expenses and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. The Group is also subject to payment card association operating rules certification 
requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to 
make it difficult or impossible for it to comply. 
Any failure to comply with applicable requirements or regulations may subject the Group to fines and 
higher transaction fees, the loss of its ability to accept credit and debit card payments from customers or 
the cessation of payments from credit and debit card providers for purchases already made. Any of these

--- Page 30 ---
3038842690 
30 
 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Risk relating to the Group’s insurance business 
The Group’s insurance business is subject to numerous risks. The insurance industry’s profitability can 
be affected significantly by, among others, competition, capital capacity, rising levels of actual costs that 
are not foreseen by companies at the time they price their products, volatile and unpredictable 
developments, including man-made, weather-related and other natural catastrophes or terrorist attacks, 
changes in loss reserves resulting from the general claims and legal environments as different types of 
claims arise and judicial interpretations relating to the scope of insurers’ liability develop, and fluctuations 
in interest rates, inflationary pressures and other changes in the investment environment, which affect 
returns on invested assets and may affect the ultimate payout of losses. 
The demand for insurance can also vary significantly, rising as the overall level of economic activity 
increases and falling as that activity decreases. The insurance industry historically is cyclical in nature. 
These fluctuations in demand and competition could produce underwriting results that would have a 
negative impact on the Group’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
Some products offered by the Group’s insurance business cover losses arising from natural or man-made 
catastrophic events, such as accidents, pandemics, hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, terrorism, riots, 
fires and explosions, which are very unpredictable by nature and outside the Group’s control. The Group 
pays particular attention to losses due to such disasters by using selective underwriting practices, entering 
into reinsurance contracts and following up accumulation risks. 
2. 
Finance Risks 
Risks related to the Group’s indebtedness 
As of 29 February 2024, the Group’s Reported Net Financial Debt was €2,059 million. The Group’s debt 
service obligations under such indebtedness require the Group to devote a portion of its cash flows from 
operations (including dividends and other payments received from subsidiaries) to the payment of 
principal and interest on such indebtedness, which affects its financial results and overall financial 
position. 
In addition, the Group’s indebtedness is subject to additional risks, such as: (a) the Group’s long-term 
ability to obtain additional or refinance financing could be limited due to the level of its indebtedness; (b) 
the Group’s indebtedness places financial and other restrictions on the Group, which limit its ability to, 
among other things, incur additional indebtedness and encumber or dispose of assets; and furthermore a 
breach of such restrictions could result in an event of early maturity, which, if not cured or waived, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group; and (c) the Group’s indebtedness could place it at a 
competitive disadvantage compared to its less indebted competitors and reduce the Group’s ability to 
adjust quickly to changing market conditions and thus be more vulnerable in the event of a subsequent 
downturn in the economy. 
A breach under the Group’s current material financial indebtedness could adversely affect the Group 
On 18 March 2022, the Group entered into an amendment and restatement agreement relating to the 
Group’s term and revolving facilities agreement originally dated 26 February 2020, as previously 
amended on 25 February 2021 and 1 June 2021 with a syndicate of banks in an aggregate maximum 
principal amount of €2.600 million to restructure all of the Group's corporate debt (the Syndicated 
Financing Agreement). The Syndicated Financing Agreement contains acceleration clauses and 
provides that a breach of the obligations contemplated thereunder may result in the acceleration of the 
maturity date and enforcement thereunder. Therefore, a default in the Group's obligations under the 
Syndicated Financing Agreement could cause payment to become immediately due, which, in turn, could 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer's to pay any amounts due under the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
3038842690 
31 
 
Risks related to the contractual relationships with PrimeFin.  
On 13 July 2015, PrimeFin, S.A. (PrimeFin) and the Issuer entered into a convertible loan agreement 
(the Convertible Loan), convertible into a 10 per cent. stake in the Issuer’s share capital at the option of 
PrimeFin. The Convertible Loan was converted by PrimeFin into such 10 per cent. stake on 13 July 2018. 
On 21 June 2022, the Issuer announced that it had reached an agreement with PrimeFin, pursuant to which 
the Issuer repurchased from PrimeFin approximately half of its shareholding stake. Following such 
agreement, PrimeFin remains a shareholder of the Issuer with a 5.53 per cent. stake of the share capital. 
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement between PrimeFin and the Issuer, PrimeFin was granted a put 
option pursuant to which, if by July 2025 a liquidity event in relation to PrimeFin’s shareholding stake in 
the Issuer has not taken place (the First Window), PrimeFin would have the option to request the Issuer 
to acquire its full remaining stake in the Issuer’s share capital (the Put Option) at an arms length market 
valuation. In accordance with the terms of the Put Option, if the Put Option is not exercised in the First 
Window, PrimeFin is granted the right to exercise it in three additional windows (July 2028, July 2031 
and July 2034).  
If the Put Option is exercised at any time, it will require a material cash outflow, which could in turn have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity position and as a result on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As of the date of its most recent audited financial statements and based on prevailing accounting policies 
the Group has not reflected any provision in its financial statements with regards to the Put Option. 
Potential future changes in the accounting policies in relation to the Put Option could eventually have a 
material impact on the Group´s financial statements. 
Changes in applicable accounting standards, accounting treatment or accounting policies followed by 
the Group could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial position 
The Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the IFRS as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and endorsed by the European Union. Changes in these 
accounting standards and accompanying accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, 
interpretations as well as in the accounting policies followed by the Group could significantly impact the 
Group’s reported results and financial position and may even retroactively affect previously reported 
financial statements. 
The Group may be subject to increased finance expenses if it does not effectively manage its exposure 
to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks 
The Group is exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the 
impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Some of the Group’s 
indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, generally linked to market benchmarks such as EURIBOR. 
Any increase in interest rates would increase the Group’s finance expenses relating to its variable rate 
indebtedness and increase the costs of refinancing the Group’s existing indebtedness and issuing new 
debt. 
Additionally, although most of the Group’s contracts are denominated in or indexed to euro, part of its 
revenue and cost of sales will be denominated in currencies other than the euro. As a result, the Group 
could become subject to increasing currency exchange risk, whereby changes in exchange rates between 
the euro and the other currencies in which it does business could result in foreign exchange losses.  
If the Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates were to increase 
and/or it has not adequately hedged its exposure (see "The Group’s hedging and other derivative 
arrangements may not effectively or sufficiently offset the negative impact of interest rate or currency 
fluctuations" below), its business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and 
adversely affected.

--- Page 32 ---
3038842690 
32 
 
The Group’s hedging and other derivative arrangements may not effectively or sufficiently offset the 
negative impact of interest rate or currency fluctuations 
The Group may use a combination of hedging techniques and financial derivatives to protect against 
certain interest rate risks and exchange rate fluctuations. The Group uses hedging arrangements to protect 
the Group’s business against interest rate fluctuations on its current indebtedness, and it may continue to 
make use of hedging and other derivative arrangements going forward. Although the Group may enter 
into and maintain certain hedging arrangements designed to fix a portion of the Group’s floating interest 
rates or hedge against exchange rate fluctuations, there can be no assurance that hedging will continue to 
be available on commercially reasonable terms. Hedging itself carries certain risks, including that the 
Group may need to pay a significant amount (including costs) to terminate any hedging arrangements. 
Such hedging activities may be ineffective or may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial 
impact resulting from interest rate volatility or foreign currency variations. Gains or losses associated 
with hedging activities also may negatively impact operating results.  
The Group is subject to liquidity risk that may affect its access to existing and new funding and may 
impact its cash flow 
The Group is exposed to potential liquidity risks derived from the nature of its business which may 
involve, among others, seasonal cash flows peaks, commercial debts and customer advances, that may 
result in it being unable to meet payment obligations because it has insufficient cash at its disposal, which 
may also arise from matters outside its control such as the retail environment in general, the state of the 
economy, the level of drawn debt, a credit crisis or severe economic conditions. Moreover, there can be 
no assurance that the Group will be able to borrow from banks or in the capital markets to meet its 
payment obligations and/or to refinance its exposure and/or to maintain its relationship with existing and 
potential financial and trade creditors, including lenders and suppliers. Although the Group believes that 
its capital structure and credit facilities will provide sufficient liquidity going forward, the materialisation 
of any of the abovementioned events and the consequent inability to ensure sufficient liquidity, may have 
a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
The Group’s existing risk management system may not adequately protect it against credit, market, 
liquidity, operational and other risks 
The Group’s risk management capability is limited by the information, tools or technologies available to 
it. The Group may not be able to effectively monitor, assess and control credit risk due to limited 
information or tools. The Group may not be able to design and implement risk management measures or 
policies to effectively manage risks associated with new products or information or in a timely manner 
or at all. If the Group is unable to effectively improve its risk management and internal control policies, 
procedures and systems, or if it is unable to achieve the intended results of such policies, procedures or 
systems in a timely manner, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be 
materially and adversely affected. 
The Group’s insurance coverage may not cover all losses 
The Group has taken out various types of insurance policies to cover the risks associated with its activities, 
including operating liability, business interruption, property damage, insurance against criminal acts 
(including theft or other damage as a result of a crime), employee indemnity, product liability, life and 
personal accident insurance, which the Group believes are customary and appropriate for its business and 
operations. However, there may be circumstances where certain types of losses, damages and liabilities 
are not covered by the Group’s insurance policies or where the amount of coverage is not sufficient to 
cover all losses.

--- Page 33 ---
3038842690 
33 
 
3. Regulatory and compliance risks 
The Group is subject to numerous statutes, laws and regulations that could affect its operations 
The Group is subject to numerous statutes, laws and regulations, including health and safety, food 
handling and processing, environmental, land planning and real estate regulations, competition, 
corporate, labour, data protection, taxation or retail business regulations. Failure to comply with any such 
laws or regulations could have an adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
In particular, the Group stores must be licensed by the relevant competent authorities to operate. Group 
operations could be affected by changes in applicable regulation that could require modifications to 
regulations governing areas such as store operating hours, the construction and establishment of new 
stores, price fixing and tax. 
Also, the Group is subject to laws and regulations which apply to retailers generally and govern the 
import, promotion and sale of products and the operation of retail stores and warehouse facilities. If any 
of the Group’s management, employees, partners, suppliers, buying agents or trading companies were to 
fail to comply with them, the Group could experience delays in shipments of the Group’s goods, be 
subject to fines or penalties, or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand for its products and 
damage the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Furthermore, changes in consumer legislation or the interpretation of the legislation by the relevant 
authorities could materially affect the operating costs or sales of the business. The Group’s failure to 
comply with the provisions of such laws, rules or regulations may give rise to civil or, in extreme cases, 
criminal liability (with consequences including public censure or financial penalties), result in the 
imposition of disciplinary sanctions by such governmental authorities, impair the enforceability of certain 
consumer agreements or give rise to the loss of a license, and more generally may impair the Group’s 
reputation. 
In addition, changes in employment-related laws and regulations could result in additional compliance 
and other costs for the Group’s business. Further increases in statutory minimum wage will result in 
increases in the Group’s personnel costs. Other changes in labour, healthcare and other employment-
related laws could cause the Group to incur additional employment costs. 
In addition, increasing governmental and social attention to environmental, social and governance 
matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such 
as climate change, waste production, water usage, biodiversity, emerging technologies, human capital, 
supply chain, and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that the Group 
is required to control, assess and report. 
Even though the Group believes that it is in material compliance with each applicable regulation related 
to its operations, it can neither guarantee full compliance, the appropriate adaptation to changing 
regulations, nor the successful implementation of such regulations into its corporate policies. Failure to 
comply with any applicable regulations could lead to the imposition of fines, penalties, administrative 
sanctions or, in extreme cases, criminal liability. Legal requirements are also subject to frequent changes 
and differing interpretations, and the Group is unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these 
requirements or their effect on the Group’s operations. The Group may be required to make significant 
expenditures or modify the Group’s business practices in order to comply with amendments to existing 
laws and regulations and with future laws and regulations, which may increase the Group’s costs and 
limit the Group’s ability to operate the Group’s business. As a result, the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 34 ---
3038842690 
34 
 
Unanticipated changes to the regulatory environment of the Group’s consumer financial and 
insurance divisions, as well as increased interest in this sector by regulators, could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations 
Laws and regulations issued by banking, financial and insurance authorities regulate the Group’s 
consumer finance and insurance operations. Material or unexpected changes to the regulations of the 
Group’s consumer finance and insurance business may lead to changes in the manner it manages the 
business or in the manner its consumers behave, or may otherwise adversely affect its operations. 
Additionally, there may be legal, regulatory or other enforcement trends which seek to provide greater 
protections to consumers, or increased scrutiny of the business practices of companies providing financial 
and insurance services to consumers. 
The Group can give no assurance that any current or future changes in regulations or their 
implementation, or enforcement trends, will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations and on the Issuer’s ability to pay any amounts due under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to taxation in Spain, Portugal and other jurisdictions 
The Group is subject to many different forms of national, regional and local taxation, both direct and 
indirect, including, but not limited to, income tax, withholding tax, property tax, value added tax, sales 
tax and other payroll taxes in Spain, Portugal and other jurisdictions. In this respect, as a result of any 
future audit, additional taxes could be identified, which could lead to a substantial increase in the Group’s 
tax obligations (including any accrued interest and penalties). In the event of an increase of the Group’s 
tax burden, the Group’s profit may be reduced or the Group may need to increase prices to the Group’s 
customers which could reduce demand for the Group’s products. 
The Group may be unable to protect its trademarks and other intellectual property and may have its 
brand names harmed 
The Group’s ability to protect and preserve its intellectual property is important to its continued success 
and its competitive position due to their recognition by retailers and consumers. The Group relies on laws 
in Spain, Portugal and in the other markets where it operates, to protect its proprietary rights. However, 
the Group may not be able to sufficiently prevent third parties from using its intellectual property without 
its authorisation. The use of the Group’s intellectual property or similar intellectual property by others 
could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage it has developed, causing it to lose sales or otherwise 
harm the reputation of its brands. 
In addition, the Group is subject to the risk of third-parties counterfeiting the Group’s products or 
otherwise infringing the Group’s intellectual property rights (such as the Group’s trademarks and design 
rights). The Group may need to resort to litigation in the future to enforce the Group’s intellectual property 
rights. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of resources. The Group may not be 
successful, particularly in developing countries or in new markets which the Group choose to enter, in 
securing protection for the Group’s intellectual property rights, combating the production and sale of 
counterfeit products and preventing and halting other infringements of the Group’s intellectual property 
rights. Any failure to protect and enforce the Group’s intellectual property rights could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects. 
The Group may be subject to litigation which may adversely affect its business 
The Group is, and may in the future be, a party to civil, criminal, arbitration, administrative, regulatory 
and similar proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business (see for example the case file for 
possible anti-competitive practices described in Information of the Group – Litigation and Arbitration). 
These proceedings may relate to, among other things, claims for defects in the Group’s products, labour 
claims or tax claims. Such proceedings can be costly, time-consuming and require significant 
management attention. In addition, if resolved unfavourably for the Group, they could result in significant 
liabilities and interfere with the Group’s business operations.

--- Page 35 ---
3038842690 
35 
 
(II) RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity  
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. The Notes may also 
contain features allowing the Issuer to redeem the Notes at its option, if Conditions 7.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Residual Maturity Call)) and/or 
7.7 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Substantial Purchase Event)) are specified to be "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Generally, an optional redemption feature of Notes (in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option) may in certain 
circumstances be likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Where the Issuer has the right to effect 
such a conversion, this may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes since the Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer 
which may result in a lower interest rate return for Noteholders.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-
bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any such Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to, or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Reference rates and indices such as the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rate or other 
types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the 
Benchmarks), to which interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny 
and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reforms. This has resulted in 
regulatory reforms and changes to existing Benchmarks. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst

--- Page 36 ---
3038842690 
36 
 
others are still to be implemented. Such reform of Benchmarks includes the EU Benchmarks Regulation and 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2021/168) as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and together with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks Regulations). These reforms have resulted in the cessation and loss 
of representativeness of certain Benchmarks, including all London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) currencies 
and tenors, and may cause in the future Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulations apply, among other things, to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and the UK as applicable. Among other 
things, they (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses 
by EU or UK supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU or non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations or are eliminated. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant Benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks (i) discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
Benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and/or return on, any Notes linked to or referencing 
a Benchmark, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a Benchmark. 
The working group on euro risk free-rates for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including commercial paper) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the working group on euro risk-free rates published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the working 
group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
In addition, EMMI as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as 
alternative to and as a new fallback rate for EURIBOR. It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether 
EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
The EMMI, as administrator of the EURIBOR, has developed a hybrid methodology for the determination of 
EURIBOR that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data based 
on expert opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the EU Benchmarks Regulation for the 
EURIBOR so calculated. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are 
widely regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based

--- Page 37 ---
3038842690 
37 
 
approach and because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets tend to prefer 
the use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there 
is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to 
or referencing a Benchmark. 
Fallback arrangements in respect of Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of and return on affected Notes. 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Notes provide for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, including EURIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs.  These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined 
by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), without any 
separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, and 
that if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be determined by the relevant Independent 
Adviser, together with the making of certain Benchmark Amendments to the Conditions of such Notes.  An 
Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero. Investors should note that the relevant Independent 
Adviser will have discretion to determine the applicable Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described in 
the conditions of the Notes, and in any event an Adjustment Spread may not be effective in of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments 
that are lower than, or otherwise do not correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on 
the Notes if the relevant Benchmark continued to be available in its current form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period or being 
used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
such Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Under Law 10/2014, income payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear from withholding 
tax in Spain. 
In particular, article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference 
shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014, which are described under "Taxation – Disclosure of

--- Page 38 ---
3038842690 
38 
 
Information in connection with the Notes". The procedures apply to interest deriving from preferred securities 
(participaciones preferentes) and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including debt instruments 
issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve (12) months.  
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from the 
abovementioned securities originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside 
Spain, and are recognised by Spanish law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg)), will be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the Issue and Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement to the 
Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement. 
In accordance with such Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant Issue and Paying Agent should 
provide the Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The 
statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the 
entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Issue and Paying Agent on its behalf 
will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the 
relevant Notes otherwise payable to such entity. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, any payments under the Notes will be made 
by the Issuer free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the information procedures described above (which 
do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Issuer and the Issue and Paying 
Agent.  
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as 
depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such depositary 
or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct 
tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Issue and Paying Agent or any clearing system 
(including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only and neither of the Issuer or the Dealers, assumes any responsibility therefor.  
The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing 
system rules or procedures or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. None of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Issue and Paying Agent or any clearing system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer will 
be bound by that opinion and will make the appropriate withholding and the Issuer will not, as a result, pay 
additional amounts. 
Risks relating to the Insolvency Law and other restructuring regimes 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal) (Insolvency Law) (which has been amended by Law 16/2022, of 5 September 
(Ley 16/2022, de 5 de septiembre, de reforma del texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) to implement the 
restructuring framework required by Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and other important changes to the insolvency proceedings in Spain) regulates pre-insolvency and court 
insolvency proceedings, as opposed to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has 
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities.

--- Page 39 ---
3038842690 
39 
 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when it 
is not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the 
moment that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. The debtor 
is also entitled to apply for such insolvency proceedings when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so 
(insolvencia inminente). This obligation to file for insolvency is suspended in case that the debtor files with the 
Commercial Courts the communication foreseen under Article 585 of the Insolvency Law stating that it has 
initiated (or has the intention to immediately initiate) negotiations with its creditors to reach a restructuring 
plan (the Opening of Negotiations Communication). The suspension of the relevant duty shall apply while 
the Opening of Negotiations Communication is in place (i.e. 3 + (3 optional) + 1 months). 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated (among other 
reasons) if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month 
from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette, (ii) 
provisions in a contract granting one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the 
other's insolvency declaration, the filing of the Opening of Negotiations Communication, or opening of the 
liquidation phase will not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default 
interest) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued 
up to such date shall become subordinated. In the case of secured ordinary interests, (a) these shall be deemed 
as specially privileged up to the value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (b) interests shall keep 
accruing after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower of (i) the secured amount; and (ii) the value 
effectively covered by the relevant security, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that 
may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency 
administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of secured default 
interests, (a) those accrued prior to the insolvency declaration shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the 
value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (b) they shall not accrue after the declaration of 
insolvency, in accordance with Article 152.2 of the Insolvency Law. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even if 
the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured dissenting 
creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed (for up to 10 years in case of composition proposals), 
converted into (among others) a different financial instrument, equity or convertible obligations of the 
refinanced or insolvent debtor as well as any other company, converted into participating loans (préstamos 
participativos), exchanged for assets or rights of the insolvent or refinanced debtor, deprived from security 
interests or corporate guarantees guaranteeing them (the latter pursuant to a restructuring plan) and even the 
applicable law to the relevant claims may be changed not only once the insolvency has been declared by the 
judge as a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a 
restructuring plan that has been judicially sanctioned (homologado) without insolvency proceedings having 
been previously opened (e.g., restructuring plans which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the 
judge), in both scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some 
exceptions in relation to the kind of claims or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). Any 
payments of unsecured interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination provisions of 
Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law.  
The Insolvency Law contains great flexibility in terms of measures that can be imposed as a consequence of 
the judicial sanction of a restructuring plan. It allows, among others, (i) for the cross-class cram-down of 
creditors (i.e. a restructuring plan that has not been approved by all classes of creditors can eventually bind 
dissenting creditors provided that certain conditions are met); (ii) a cram-down for dissenting equity holders if 
certain conditions are met; or (iii) a discharge or amendment of security interests or corporate guarantees 
granted by third parties belonging to the same corporate group as the debtor (provided that certain particular 
conditions are met). Once a restructuring plan is judicially sanctioned, it may also allow, among others, to 
terminate certain contracts with reciprocal pending obligations in the interest of the restructuring with the 
possibility of the termination claim being also subject to the effects of the restructuring. 
The majorities regime envisaged for the purposes of approving a composition agreement with creditors or a 
restructuring plan also depends on (i) under composition agreements, the type of any intensity of the specific 
measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.), and 
(ii) both under composition agreements and restructuring plans on the part of claims to be affected (i.e. secured

--- Page 40 ---
3038842690 
40 
 
or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as calculated pursuant to the rules established in the 
Insolvency Law). On top of that, it must be noted that when voting the approval of a restructuring plan, affected 
creditors are grouped in classes of creditors (i.e. creditors with the same ranking which are deemed to share a 
common interest in the context of an eventual restructuring). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, they shall be always subject to the measures contained therein, if passed by the 
relevant majorities. For these purposes, ordinary and privileged claims acquired by those creditors considered 
specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) with the insolvent debtor after the declaration 
of insolvency would not be taken into account when calculating the majorities required for the approval of a 
composition agreement. 
On the other hand, all creditors (including subordinated creditors) that could be affected by a restructuring plan 
would be entitled to vote it, grouped in classes of creditors sharing a common interest towards the Restructuring 
and subject to the fact that cross-class cram-down is now available under the Insolvency Law provided that 
certain conditions are met in the context of the restructuring. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Notes will be ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined by the Insolvency Law, unless they qualify as subordinated credits 
(créditos subordinados) in the limited circumstances set out in Article 281 of the Insolvency Law. Ordinary 
credits rank below credits against the insolvency state (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos 
privilegiados).  
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to 
the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have to rely on the procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes and receive payments in respect of Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in 
certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While 
the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary or a common safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and its participants to 
receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under 
the Deed of Covenant (as defined below).

--- Page 41 ---
3038842690 
41 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a further significant impact on the 
secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount.

--- Page 42 ---
3038842690 
42 
 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus to be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's regulated market, there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop or, if developed, it will continue. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, reduced, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. Any issue of Notes under the Programme 
that exceeds a certain size could result in a downgrade to existing Notes under the Programme and the ratings 
assigned to any new Notes issued under the Programme could be lower than the ratings assigned to the 
Programme. Any such downgrade could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to raise further 
financing and may have an adverse effect on the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has

--- Page 43 ---
3038842690 
43 
 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
3038842690 
44 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of the auditors' report, the audited consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the financial year ended 29 February 2024 of the Issuer and the Appendix 1 of the management 
report as set out on the following pages: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 12 and 13 
Consolidated Income Statement
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 14 
Consolidated Statement of comprehensive income
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 15 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 16 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 17 
Notes
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 19 to 133 
Independent Auditor’s Report
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 3 to 12 
Appendix 1 of Management Report 
Pages 151 to 156 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
The above-mentioned auditors' report, the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the 
financial year ended 29 February 2024 of the Issuer and the Appendix 1 of the management report are 
available for viewing at: 
https://www.elcorteingles.es/recursos/informacioncorporativa/doc/portal/2023/07/28/23-24-annual-
accounts.pdf 
(b) 
the English translation of the auditors' report and the audited consolidated financial statements as of 
and for the year ended 28 February 2023 of the Issuer as set out on the following pages:

--- Page 45 ---
3038842690 
45 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 12 to 13 
Consolidated Income Statement
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 14 
Consolidated Statement of comprehensive income
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 15 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 16 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 ............................................................................................ 
Page 17 
Notes
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 18 to 125 
Independent Auditor's Report
 ............................................................................................ 
Pages 4 to 11 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
The above-mentioned auditors' report and the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the financial year ended 28 February 2023 of the Issuer are available for viewing at: 
https://www.elcorteingles.es/recursos/informacioncorporativa/doc/portal/2023/07/24/cuentas-
consolidadas-2023-en.pdf  
Each of the above-mentioned auditors' reports and the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the financial years ended 29 February 2024 and 28 February 2023 of the Issuer have been translated from the 
original versions in Spanish, and such translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish 
language text.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and from the website of the Issuer (www.elcorteingles.es). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
3038842690 
46 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
3038842690 
47 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, with interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption 
from registration provided by Regulation S (Regulation S).  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
While any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issue and Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive 
Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will 
not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 48 ---
3038842690 
48 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issue and 
Paying Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (c) at any time at 
the request of the Issuer.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Issue and Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also 
give notice to the Issue and Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Issue and Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and Definitive Bearer Notes which 
have an original maturity of more than one year and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a Common Depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will 
be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of Registered Notes in definitive form (Definitive Registered Notes). 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 49 ---
3038842690 
49 
 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4 
(Payments in respect of Registered Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form.  The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Issue and 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 50 ---
3038842690 
50 
 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 14 June 2024 
and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
3038842690 
51 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1  
The form of the Final Terms will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non- 
applicable provisions, as set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance/ Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
 
1 Where listing is not on an EU regulated market or Notes are unlisted, references to the Prospectus Regulation in the Final Terms should 
be removed.  
2  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".  
3  Legend to be included if the product governance requirements under MiFID II apply to the relevant Tranche in accordance with Directive 
(EU) 2021/338 (as implemented in the relevant Member States). 
4  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 52 ---
3038842690 
52 
 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (UK) by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes [are] [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are 
[Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [] 
EL CORTE INGLÉS, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 95980020140005374753 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplement[s]] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
 
5  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under 
the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 53 ---
3038842690 
53 
 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and any applicable state or federal securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States to persons other than U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S) (see "Subscription and Sale"). The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[            ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/Maturity 
Date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[            ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[            ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[            ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[            ] 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000.  No

--- Page 54 ---
3038842690 
54 
 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000.") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[            ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor.  Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[            ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[   ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [   ]% Floating Rate] 
(see paragraphs [14]/[15] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraph 14 
below and identify there)][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Residual Maturity Call]

--- Page 55 ---
3038842690 
55 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[(see paragraphs [17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
13. 
[Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:] 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[            ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short 
or long Interest Period (Broken 
Amount(s)):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[            ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon)

--- Page 56 ---
3038842690 
56 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[      ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(b) below not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in paragraph (b) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[            ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issue and 
Paying Agent): 
[            ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] month [EURIBOR] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[            ] 
(The second day on which the T2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[            ] 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[            ] 
(v) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[            ]

--- Page 57 ---
3038842690 
57 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[            ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[            ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for taxation reasons): 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[            ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
(c) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
3038842690 
58 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[            ]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[            ] 
(iii) 
Financial Adviser: 
 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
 
(v) 
Discount Rate: 
[            ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Make-whole Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]/the Maturity Date] 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent) 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 59 ---
3038842690 
59 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[            ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: The Optional Redemption Amount must be a 
specified amount per Calculation Amount) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent) 
19. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change of Control Put 
Redemption Amount: 
[            ] per Calculation Amount  
 
 
(b) 
Change of Control Put 
Redemption Date: 
[            ] days after the last day on which 
Noteholders are able to exercise the Change of 
Control Put, being [            ] days after the end of 
the Change of Control Period. 
 
(Ensure that this date falls sufficiently after the date 
referred to in paragraph (c) below) 
(c) 
Period for exercising Change of 
Control Put: 
Not later than the date falling [            ] days after 
the end of the Change of Control Period. 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and

--- Page 60 ---
3038842690 
60 
 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent) 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Date fixed for redemption: 
No earlier than [     ]/[three] months before the 
Maturity Date 
21. 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation

--- Page 61 ---
3038842690 
61 
 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005]6 
 
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 above includes language substantially 
to the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]." Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered initially in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
paragraph 15(c) above relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
6  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 62 ---
3038842690 
62 
 
Signed on behalf of El Corte Inglés, S.A.: 
By:  .................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 63 ---
3038842690 
63 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin/[      ].] [Application is expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin/[      ].] 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin/[      ] with 
effect from [      ].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[      ] with effect from [      ].] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[      ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P)]: [●] 
[Moody's Investor Services Limited (Moody's)]: [●] 
[Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch)]: [●] 
[●]:[●] 
 
[Each of] [S&P,] [Moody's] [and] [Fitch] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation).] [[Each of] [●] is established 
in the United Kingdom and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of

--- Page 64 ---
3038842690 
64 
 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE  
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries] / [if there is any 
particular identified use of proceeds, this can be 
stated here] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[      ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)  
Indication of yield: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(d) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 65 ---
3038842690 
65 
 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to be 
held under the NSS].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[      ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 66 ---
3038842690 
66 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable to Notes with a maturity of 
one year or less 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)  
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)  
(i) 
[Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 67 ---
3038842690 
67 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to the applicable Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by El Corte Inglés, S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer form; 
and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global 
Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement 
as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 14 June 2024 and 
made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issue and paying agent and agent bank (the Issue 
and Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Issue and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as transfer agent and the other transfer 
agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents). The Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents are together referred 
to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References to the applicable 
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders 
of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered, and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are

--- Page 68 ---
3038842690 
68 
 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 14 June 2024 and 
made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its 
capacity as common depositary and common safekeeper for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a 
form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer 
of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal

--- Page 69 ---
3038842690 
69 
 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered 
holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants 
in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms 
and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified 
in the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the 
holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the 
form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly 
authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the 
relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the 
initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, 
the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to 
the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may 
request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent 
to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall 
not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration

--- Page 70 ---
3038842690 
70 
 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except 
that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) in accordance with the Spanish 
Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, 
de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (as amended from time to time, 
including, without limitation, by virtue of Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the Spanish Insolvency Law) or 
any equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future) and, subject to any legal and statutory 
exceptions, will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other outstanding, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future and will be 
ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law.  
Accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer at the commencement of an 
insolvency proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) 
ranking in accordance with provisions 281.1.3º of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the Issuer 
shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist 
any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, 
or any guarantee of or, indemnity in respect of, any Relevant Indebtedness, without: 
(i) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the 
Coupons equally and rateably therewith; or 
(ii) 
providing such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement for the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
In these Conditions: 
Holding Company means, in relation to a company or a corporation, any other company or corporation in 
respect of which it is a Subsidiary. 
Material Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Issuer, the total assets or revenues of which (consolidated 
where that subsidiary itself has subsidiaries) accounts for more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total 
assets or consolidated total revenues of the Group.  
Permitted Security Interest means any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of a 
company or a corporation which has merged with the Issuer or one of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries or which has 
been acquired by the Issuer or one of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest was 
already in existence at the time of the merger or acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing 
the merger or acquisition and secures Relevant Indebtedness which is not increased in amount or extended 
in maturity following the merger or acquisition. 
Relevant Indebtedness means Financial Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 10.2 (Definitions)) in the 
form of notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are, or (with the 
consent of the issuer thereof) are for the time being capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market.

--- Page 71 ---
3038842690 
71 
 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Holding Company, a company, corporation or other legal entity: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Holding Company; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Holding 
Company; or 
(iii) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the Holding Company, 
and, for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other 
company or corporation is able to determine the composition of the majority of its board of directors or 
equivalent body. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
Except in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes 
in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they are partly 
paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 72 ---
3038842690 
72 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
(c) 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 73 ---
3038842690 
73 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if 
the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) – (a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of paragraph (x) above, shall be the last day that is 
a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of paragraph (ii) above shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of paragraph (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
I. 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any additional business centre (Additional Business Centre) (other than T2) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
II. 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
III. 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 74 ---
3038842690 
74 
 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issue and Paying Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the 
Relevant Screen Rate is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in 
the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as the time specified in 
the preceding paragraph.  
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions  
above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will at 
or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are partly 
paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided

--- Page 75 ---
3038842690 
75 
 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.2: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 76 ---
3038842690 
76 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Issue and Paying Agent or, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 77 ---
3038842690 
77 
 
The Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2  by the Issue and Paying 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (acting reasonably) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determining, no later than five Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with paragraph (a) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
paragraph (b) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with paragraph (c) below). 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
paragraph (b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.3); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (b) below) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.3). 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, 
in accordance with this paragraph (a), the fallback provisions set out in Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, shall continue to apply. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this paragraph (a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
paragraph (a)

--- Page 78 ---
3038842690 
78 
 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above, the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine an 
Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 5.3 and the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
paragraph (d) below, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph (c), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Events (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.3; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread; 
and 
(iii) 
certifying that (A) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect to each 
of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (B) explaining, in reasonable detail, why the Issuer 
has not done so. 
The Issue and Paying Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders, 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error, bad faith or gross negligence in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Issue and Paying Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents'

--- Page 79 ---
3038842690 
79 
 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.3, if following the determination of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5.3, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (a) to (d) above, the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until the Issue and Paying 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 5.3. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread or quantum (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the counter 
derivative transactions or is in customary market usage in the debt capital market for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that neither paragraph (a) nor (b) above applies, the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders or Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in paragraph (c) above. 
Benchmark Event means:

--- Page 80 ---
3038842690 
80 
 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in subparagraph (i) above; or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in subparagraph (i) above; or 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
subparagraph (i) above; or 
(f) 
where it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5.3, 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof.

--- Page 81 ---
3038842690 
81 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld 
or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee; and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 82 ---
3038842690 
82 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to 
which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer 
to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar 
(the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before 
the relevant due date.    For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of 
payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or 
not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the 
interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of 
principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
3038842690 
83 
 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable:

--- Page 84 ---
3038842690 
84 
 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
if: 
(a) 
(i) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) such obligations as described under subparagraph (i) 
above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(b) 
the Spanish tax authorities determine on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
that interest payments by the Issuer are subject to Spanish withholding tax, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall (i) deliver to 
the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed by one director of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) use its best efforts to deliver to the Issue and Paying 
Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing addressed to the Issuer to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.

--- Page 85 ---
3038842690 
85 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final 
Terms to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date.  In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Bond Rate plus the 
Redemption Margin or (ii) the Discount Rate, calculated by the Financial Adviser and in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable 
and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional 
Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (A) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (B) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Discount Rate will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
Financial Adviser means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or such 
entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser appointed by the Issuer that agrees to perform such 
role. 
Make-whole Exemption Period will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Margin will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Bond shall the bond so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or if no 
longer available, the FA Selected Bond.

--- Page 86 ---
3038842690 
86 
 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial Adviser obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the annual 
or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day 
count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption. 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than the date 
falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or its affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Issue and Paying 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Issue and Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
Remaining Term Interest means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) 
of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the rate of interest 
applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in 
accordance with this Condition 7.3 to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (or, if Residual Maturity Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the first date on which the Issuer would be entitled to redeem the 
Notes under Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Residual Maturity Call))). 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry 
of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
7.4 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the 
full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form).  If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control.   
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note

--- Page 87 ---
3038842690 
87 
 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issue and Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Issue and Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition 7.4 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 
(Events of Default). 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if a Change of 
Control Event occurs, then, unless the Issuer shall have previously given notice under Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or, in 
respect of the occurrence of a previous Change of Control Event, in accordance with this Condition 7.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)), upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not later than the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms after the end of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Note on the Change of Control Put Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and at the Change of Control Put Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period, a duly completed and signed Put Notice and in which the holder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issue and Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include 
notice being given on such Noteholder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Issue and Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Change of Control Event Notice) to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
specifying the procedure and other pertinent information for exercising the Change of Control Put. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
acting in concert means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer 
by any of them, either directly or indirectly obtain or constitute control of the Issuer. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person 
or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any Relevant Person(s) acquire(s)  control, 
directly or indirectly, of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
3038842690 
88 
 
A Change of Control Event shall be deemed to occur if (a) a Change of Control occurs and (b) either (i) 
where, at the beginning of the Change of Control Period, a rating is assigned to the Issuer by at least one 
Rating Agency solicited by or with the consent of the Issuer, a Rating Downgrade occurs, or (ii) where 
subparagraph(b)(i) does not apply, a Negative Rating Event occurs. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date of occurrence of the relevant Change of Control; and  
(b) 
the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), 
and ending on the date which is 90 days after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control 
(or if, in the case of paragraph (b) above, a subsequent public announcement or public statement is made 
confirming that the potential Change of Control referred to in the Potential Change of Control 
Announcement will not occur, the date of such subsequent public announcement or public statement is 
made). 
control means:  
(a) 
the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights of the issued share capital 
of the Issuer; or  
(b) 
the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s board of 
directors or other governing body, in each case whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether 
obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise.  
Fitch Ratings means Fitch Ratings Limited. Investment Grade Rating means (a) with respect to S&P, 
any of the categories from and including AA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
(b) with respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); and (c) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from and 
including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories). 
Moody’s means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
A Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (a) the 
Issuer does not on or before the date which is 90 days after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, 
and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating of its long-term senior unsecured debt 
by one or more Rating Agencies or (b) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has, at the expiry of 
the Change of Control Period, either not been assigned such a rating or been assigned such a rating and that 
rating is not an Investment Grade Rating.  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or public statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any potential Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means any of (a) Fitch Ratings, (b) Moody's, (c) S&P, and (d) any other rating agency of 
similar international standing and (in each case) their respective affiliates and successors and Rating 
Agencies shall be construed accordingly. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (a) within the 
Change of Control Period the rating so assigned by any Rating Agency is: (i) withdrawn; (ii) ceases to be 
an Investment Grade Rating; or (iii) if the rating so assigned by any Rating Agency is, at the time the Change 
of Control Period begins, below an Investment Grade Rating, lowered one full rating notch by such Rating 
Agency (for example BB+ to BB by S&P) and (b) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) or upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) either to an 
Investment Grade Rating (in the case of (a)(i) and (ii)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of 
(a)(iii)) by such Rating Agency, and, in the case of  either paragraph (a) or (b) (above), each Rating Agency 
withdrawing a rating or making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so

--- Page 89 ---
3038842690 
89 
 
requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the withdrawal or lowering of the rating or the 
failure to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of the applicable Change of Control. If at the 
time that the relevant Change of Control Period begins any rating assigned to the Issuer by a Rating Agency 
is an Investment Grade Rating, sub-paragraph (a)(iii) above will not apply.  
Relevant Person means any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting 
on behalf of such person or group of persons other than, in each case, any of (a) Fundación Ramón Areces, 
(b) Cartera de Valores IASA, S.A., (c) any of the shareholders of Cartera de Valores IASA, S.A. as at 14 
June 2024, and (d) any persons directly or indirectly controlled by any of them, whether acting individually 
or as a group. 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Residual Maturity Call) 
If Residual Maturity Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three months before 
the Maturity Date of the Notes, or such other time period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition 7.6. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Substantial Purchase Event) 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each case at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition 7.7. 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall include 
any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Purchases) (and in each case is cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7.10 (Cancellation)). 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) above, Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)), Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Residual Maturity Call)), Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Substantial Purchase 
Event)) and Condition 10.1 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche 
of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or

--- Page 90 ---
3038842690 
90 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the 
Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. All Notes so purchased 
will be surrendered to a Paying Agent or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issue and Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes (and their respective Coupons) by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts in respect of interest and, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, principal (and premium, if any), as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, or their respective Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable 
in respect of the Notes or their Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Notes or their Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Notes or Coupon to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporation 
Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with applicable 
exemption requirements including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of 
the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who does not provide such information concerning its 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be 
implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the 
Spanish Tax Authorities.

--- Page 91 ---
3038842690 
91 
 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect 
of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 (Presentation of 
definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven 
days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under the Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for 
the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer or Material Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid 
when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared to 
be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of non-
payment or an event of default (however described); and/or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under a guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Financial Indebtedness, 
provided that no Event of Default shall occur under this provision if the aggregate amount of 
Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (iii) above is less than €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent, is adjudicated 
bankrupt (or applies for an order of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any of the whole

--- Page 92 ---
3038842690 
92 
 
or part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is 
appointed (or application for any such appointment is made) in connection with insolvency 
proceedings and, other than where such appointment was initiated, approved or consented by the 
Issuer and/or any Material Subsidiary, such appointment is not discharged or stayed within 30 
days, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a general readjustment 
or deferment of its obligations or makes a general assignment or arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of its creditors generally or declares a moratorium in respect of its indebtedness 
and, other than where such action was approved or consented to by the Issuer and/or any Material 
Subsidiary, such action is not discharged or stayed within 30 days, or (iv) any other proceeding is 
commenced in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries which requires the 
application of priorities pursuant to (or equivalent to) any applicable Spanish laws and, 
other than where such proceeding was approved or consented to by the Issuer and/or any Material 
Subsidiary, such proceeding is not discharged or stayed within 30 days, 
(e) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); 
(f) 
Unsatisfied judgment: if one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or 
order from which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the 
payment of any amount is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (if any) 
for any amount in excess of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and 
continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(g) 
Unlawfulness: if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(h) 
Authorisation and Consents: if any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting 
of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer 
lawfully to enter into, exercise its respective rights and perform and comply with its respective 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable, and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in 
the courts of England and the Kingdom of Spain, is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Enforcement Proceedings: any distress, attachment, execution or other legal process which is 
material in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes is levied, enforced or sued on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s Material 
Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(j) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, over the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or, if over less than the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues, then 
provided that such undertaking, assets and revenues is material in the context of the issue and 
offering of the Notes; or 
(k) 
Cessation of business: if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business, except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) while solvent or (ii) on 
terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(l) 
Nationalisation: if all or a material part of the assets owned by the Group is nationalised or 
compulsorily acquired,

--- Page 93 ---
3038842690 
93 
 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Issue and Paying 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issue and Paying Agent, declare any Note held by it 
to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Financial Indebtedness means (without double counting) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of finance leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance 
or capital leases;  
(e) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing, 
but in each case excluding: 
(i) 
any such amounts constituting obligations owed by a member of the Group to any other 
member of the Group; and 
(ii) 
any such amounts constituting indebtedness that is, or is expressed on its terms to be 
subordinated to, and ranks in order of priority below, (x) the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes and/or (y) any other Financial Indebtedness that ranks equally and 
rateably with the Notes. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 94 ---
3038842690 
94 
 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Issue and Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by 
the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or 
(if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after 
mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
the Issuer shall ensure that such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there will, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, 
in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to

--- Page 95 ---
3038842690 
95 
 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Issue and Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  While any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Issue and Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.  The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of 
the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Issue and 
Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Issue and Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned above) of, the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or  
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES

--- Page 96 ---
3038842690 
96 
 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law (except for Condition 3 
(Status of the Notes) which shall be construed in accordance with Spanish law). 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue 
to the contrary. 
(c) 
Paragraph (a) above is for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders only. As a result, nothing 
in this Condition 18.2 prevents any Noteholder or Couponholder from taking proceedings relating 
to a Dispute (Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders and Couponholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints TMF Global Services (UK) Limited at 13th Floor, One Angel Court, EC2R 
7HJ London, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of TMF Global Services (UK) Limited being 
unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for 
service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out 
above.

--- Page 97 ---
3038842690 
97 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries, and any particular identified use of proceeds as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
3038842690 
98 
 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Incorporation and Status 
The corporate name of the Issuer is El Corte Inglés, S.A. and its commercial name is El Corte Inglés (ECI). 
The Issuer is a Spanish company which operates under the Spanish Companies Act (Ley de Sociedades de Capital) 
and which was first incorporated under the laws of Spain on 28 June 1940 as a limited liability company with the 
form of a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada, El Corte Inglés, S.L., and was later transformed into a public limited 
company with the form of a sociedad anónima, El Corte Inglés, S.A., in 1952. Its registered office is located at calle 
Hermosilla nº 112, 28009 Madrid, Spain and is registered with the Madrid Commercial Registry at volume (tomo) 
519, sheet (folio) 1, page (hoja) M-9880. The Spanish Tax Identification Number (N.I.F.) of the Issuer is A28017895.  
The Legal Entity Identification number (LEI) of the Issuer is 95980020140005374753. 
Share Capital and Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of the Issuer is €454,600,944, divided into 
75,766,824 ordinary shares, each with a par value of €6.00.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 6.8 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital is Treasury Shares and 89.5 per cent. 
is held by the following main shareholders: Fundación Ramón Areces (40.0 per cent.), Cartera de Valores IASA, S.A. 
(18.4 per cent.), Corporación Ceslar (9.6 per cent.), Cartera Mancor, S.L. (8.0 per cent.), Grupo Mutua Madrileña 
(8.0 per cent.) and PrimeFin, S.A. (PrimeFin) (5.53 per cent.).  
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled "Information on the Group – History" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled "Information on the Group 
– Overview of the Group's Business" in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors  
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Group 
 
Mrs. Marta Álvarez Guil 
 
Chairwoman 
 
Not Applicable  
 
Mrs. Cristina Álvarez Guil  
 
Director 
 
Not Applicable  
 
Mrs. Carlota Areces Galán (representing
Corporación Ceslar, S.L.) 
 
Director 
 
Not Applicable

--- Page 99 ---
3038842690 
99 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Group 
 
Mrs. Paloma García Peña  
(representing Cartera Mancor, S.L.) 
 
Director 
 
Not Applicable 
 
Mr. Ignacio Garralda Ruiz de Velasco 
(representing Grupo Mutua Madrileña)  
Director 
 
Chairman of Grupo Mutua Madrileña and 
Director of Endesa, S.A. 
 
Mr. Manuel Pizarro Moreno 
 
Director 
 
Director of Sanitas, S.A. and Director of 
Henneo Media, S.A. 
 
Mr. Fernando Becker Zuazúa 
 
Director 
 
Not Applicable 
 
Mr. José Ramón de Hoces Íñiguez 
 
Secretary & 
Executive Director 
 
Not Applicable 
 
Mr. Javier Rodriguez-Arias Ambrosini  
Executive Director 
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus is calle 
Hermosilla nº 112, 28009 Madrid, Spain. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Issuer to the Issuer and 
their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Credit Ratings 
The Issuer has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (Stable outlook) and BBB- (Stable outlook) by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively. Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are established in the European Union and are registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.

--- Page 100 ---
3038842690 
100 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
History 
The history of the Group’s activities dates back to 1935, when its founder Ramón Areces acquired a tailor shop 
named "El Corte Inglés" in Madrid, Spain. In June 1940, Ramón Areces constituted the company El Corte Inglés, 
S.L., with his uncle César Rodríguez as a partner and first Chairman of the Group.   
From its origin and throughout its history, the Group has gradually expanded its footprint and diversified its activities, 
both geographically within the Iberian Peninsula and into several divisions, thus becoming a prominent brand in the 
Spanish consumer retail industry. 
A summary of some of the key events in the Group’s history is set out below: 
(i) 
In 1966, the ECI purchasing card was launched, a new payment concept at the time to make it easier for its 
customers to make purchases. 
(ii) 
In 1969, the Issuer expanded into the travel agency business, through Viajes El Corte Inglés, S.A. (VECI), 
offering a wide range of domestic and international travel services and specialised activities. 
(iii) 
In 1979, the Issuer entered the hypermarket business through Hipercor, S.A., offering food items, perishable 
products, groceries, textiles, household articles, drugstore and other products. 
(iv) 
In 1982, the Issuer entered the insurance services business with the acquisition of the insurance company, 
Centro de Seguros y Servicios, Correduría de Seguros, S.A. 
(v) 
In 1995, the Issuer entered into the consumer finance business, launching FECI. 
(vi) 
In 1995, the Issuer acquired the assets of its former main competitor in the Spanish department stores market, 
Galerias Preciados, S.A., adding 30 large department stores to its asset portfolio. 
(vii) 
In 2000, a new chain of supermarkets was launched, Supercor, operating under Supercor, S.A.U. (Supercor) 
offering quality and a wide choice of food, cleaning and perfumery products. 
(viii) In 2013, the Issuer entered into a strategic investment agreement with Santander Consumer Finance to jointly 
manage FECI. 
(ix) 
In 2019, the Board of Directors named Marta Álvarez as its chairwoman. 
(x) 
In October 2021, the Issuer announced a strategic alliance with Grupo Mutua Madrileña through which Grupo 
Mutua Madrileña acquired 50.01 per cent. of each of the two companies that develop the Issuer’s insurance 
activities, namely Seguros El Corte Inglés, Vida, Pensiones y Reaseguros, S.A. (SECI) and Centro de Seguros 
y Servicios ECI, Agencia de Seguros Vinculada, S.A. (CESS), for €550 million. Furthermore, Grupo Mutua 
Madrileña acquired an 8 per cent. stake in the Issuer for €555 million. As a result of such alliance, Grupo 
Mutua Madrileña disbursed €1,105 million on 31 May 2022. 
(xi) 
In February 2022, ECI announced the merger of VECI with Logitravel, a leading online travel operator with 
strong technological capabilities. 
(xii) 
In March 2022, a new Management Team was hired with the appointment of a Corporate Managing Director 
and a Retail Managing Director. Further, the Group set up a new Executive Committee constituted by its 
chairwoman, two Executive Directors from the Board of Directors and with the new Managing Directors as 
permanent guests.

--- Page 101 ---
3038842690 
102 
 
Organisational Structure  
 
The following diagram is an outline of the organisational structure of the Issuer and its main subsidiaries as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
  
El Corte Inglés, S.A.
Retail
Travel
Financial Services
Other Businesses
El Corte Inglés Grandes Armazéns, S.A. 
Supercor, S.A.U. 
Moda Joven Sfera, México, S.A. de C.V. 
El Corte Inglés Cadena de Suministro, S.L.U. 
VECI Travel Group, S.L. 
Ízaro Films, S.A.U. 
Viajes El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
CDV Senior, S.L.U. 
Tourmundial Operadores, S.A.U. 
Parinver, S.A.U. and subsidiaries 
Foreign VECI Group affiliates 
Aperture Travel, S.L.U. 
Citorel, S.L.  
Parinver Servicios, S.L.U. and subsidiaries (Sicor 
group)  
Industrias del Vestido, S.A.U. 
Financiera El Corte Inglés E.F.C., S.A. 
Other
Centro de Seguros y Servicios, El Corte Inglés,  
Agencia de Seguros Vinculada, S.A. 
Ahorro & Inversión El Corte Inglés, Agencia de 
Valores, S.A. 
Seguros El Corte Inglés, Vida Pensiones y  
Reaseguros, S.A. 
Garanair, S.L.U. 
 Telecor, S.A. 
Gestión de Puntos de Venta, GESPEVESA, S.A. 
Sephora Cosméticos España, S.L. 
KIO Networks España, S.A. 
 Asón Inmobiliaria de Arriendos, S.L. 
and subsidiaries

--- Page 102 ---
3038842690 
103 
 
 
Overview of the Group’s Business 
Founded in 1940 by Ramón Areces and his uncle, ECI has evolved from a small tailor shop to become one of 
Iberia’s leading large variety retailers. The Group’s scale and position in the market is evidenced by its outsized 
economic relevance, with Total Transaction Value accounting for 1.1 per cent. of Spanish GDP during the fiscal 
year ended 29 February 2024 (Source: IHS Market). 
As the go-to one-stop-shop in the region, the Issuer has a strong presence throughout the country 
(approximately 80 per cent. of the Spanish population lives within a forty-minute drive of an ECI store), a loyal 
customer base (approximately 12 million ECI branded cards have been issued to Spanish consumers) and 
footfall of over 550 million in the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024. 
Over the years the Issuer has achieved a strong top-of-mind awareness ranked above competitors by customers 
in terms of quality, trust, service, after-sales service and a varied offering with leading positions across retail, 
travel, consumer finance and insurance (Source: Company Information). The Group aims to have a competitive 
advantage via its dominance of the national market, its omni-channel offering and its business diversification 
across categories and retail formats. The Group operates under a complementary and synergistic ecosystem 
that leverages first-party data along its strong consumer brand to optimise customer experience throughout the 
entire purchasing process. 
During the 2021-2023 fiscal period the Group has achieved significant growth, with Total Transaction Value 
growing at a 14.3 per cent CAGR, Revenue at a 9.7 per cent CAGR and EBITDA at a 15.9 per cent CAGR. 
Such growth has also been accompanied by considerable profitability enhancement, as evidenced by an 
EBITDA Margin expansion of 0.8 per cent. over the 2021-2023 fiscal period. Operational performance has 
also contributed significantly to accelerated deleveraging, with the Reported Net Financial Debt / Adjusted 
EBITDA ratio decreasing to 1.9x as at 29 February 2024 from 3.7x as at 28 February 2022 and Loan to Value 
to 13.3% as at 29 February 2024 from 19.2% as at 28 February 2022. 
 
KPI 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
FY21-23 
CAGR 
Group 
 
 
Total Transaction Value 
12,508 
15,494 
 16,333 
14.3% 
 
Revenue 
11,997 
13,754 
14,440 
9.7% 
 
Gross Profit 
3,898 
4,387 
4,738 
10.3% 
 
Gross Profit Margin 
32.5% 
31.9% 
32.8% 
 
7 
FY2021 numbers shown in this section “Information on the Issuer” are those restated in the FY2022 annual account as 
described in Notes 2.4 and 2.6 of the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 28 February 2023.     
8  
FY2022 numbers shown in this section “Information on the Issuer” are those restated in the FY2023 annual account as 
described in Notes 2.4 and 2.6 of the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 29 February 2024.

--- Page 103 ---
3038842690 
104 
 
 
 
KPI 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
FY21-23 
CAGR 
 
EBITDA  
804 
951 
1,081 
15.9% 
 
EBITDA Margin 
6.7% 
6.9% 
7.5% 
 
 
Reported Net Financial Debt  
3,0949 
2,295 
2,059 
 
 
Reported Net Financial Debt / 
Adjusted EBITDA 
3.7x 
2.4x 
1.9x 
 
 
Loan to Value 
19.2% 
14.3% 
13.3% 
 
As owner of most of its operating assets as well as other real estate investments across Spain and Portugal, the 
Group benefits from a unique real estate portfolio that provides operational and financial flexibility, with a 
Gross Asset Value (GAV) as at 29 February 2024 of €15.5 billion, making the Issuer one of Spain’s largest real 
estate owners. The portfolio is diversified across asset classes with department stores and hypermarkets 
contributing 87 per cent., offices contributing 5 per cent., industrial warehouses and logistic lands contributing 
4 per cent. and other commercial lands and premises 4 per cent. to the GAV of the portfolio.   
The Group has a deeply enrooted ESG commitment with a focus on progressing towards best practices in 
social, environmental and corporate governance matters. With the purpose of contributing to creating a more 
sustainable environment, ECI works permanently on the rationalisation and reduction of resource consumption, 
on waste management, on promoting responsible and adequate manufacturing practices, and on reinforcing the 
links it maintains with society and with the environment. In 2023, MSCI upgraded ECI’s ESG Rating to "AA" 
from "A" and Sustainalytics assigned ECI the top ESG Risk Rating among its peers, evidencing ECI’s ESG 
commitment. Likewise, ECI’s Carbon Disclosure Project score was also upgraded to "B” from "C". 
Business and Industry 
The Group is organised around three complementary and diverse business segments which improves resilience 
across economic cycles:  
1. Retail: The main business of the Group, consisting of a leading online and offline product distribution 
platform in Spain and Portugal with a strong presence in categories such as fashion, beauty, electronics, 
home, food, amongst others, acting through different brands and retail formats. 
2. Travel: Spain’s leading travel group, with significant international presence, providing a wide range of 
services (travel packages, tour operation, agency, bed bank, etc.) both to individual and corporate clients. 
3. Other Businesses: Encompasses the Group’s interest in other industries including: 
 
9  
The FY2022 and FY2023 Reported Net Financial Debt figures includes an intercompany loan between ECI and SECI, which 
is not reflected in the FY2021 numbers given the deconsolidation of the Insurance business took place in FY2022. The 
Reported Net Financial Debt for FY2021 including such intercompany loan (amounted to €91 million) would be €3,185 
million.

--- Page 104 ---
3038842690 
105 
 
 
a. 
Financial Services: The Issuer is present in the sector through a leading consumer finance 
business with approximately 12 million shopping cards (25% of the Spanish population) issued, 
an insurance unit managing a portfolio of approximately 3.3 million policies and a recently 
constituted investment agency business. These business interests are all managed through 
strategic partnerships with Banco Santander, S.A. (Banco Santander) in consumer finance and 
Mutua Madrileña in insurance and investment.  
b. Other: The Issuer also owns businesses and investments in sectors such as business to business 
security services, business to customer home services, energy commercialisation, commercial 
real estate and lodging, amongst others. 
1. Retail 
The retail division lies at the core of the Group’s business, generating 86 per cent. of total revenues for the 
fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, around which other divisions and business verticals have been established 
and developed. It offers a wide selection of products and services, which include fashion, beauty and household 
products, electronics, sports goods, food and culture, leisure and gourmet experiences as a one-stop shop 
comprising comfortable user-friendly physical and online channels. The Retail division brings together a broad 
spectrum of private and third-party Spanish and international brands across its department stores, high-street 
stores, convenience stores and digital platforms.  
Market 
The Group’s operations are mainly confined to Spain and Portugal, although some of its divisions carry out 
non-material international operations. Spain is the fourth largest European economy in GDP terms and both the 
Spanish and Portuguese economies are estimated to grow faster than the Eurozone in terms of nominal GDP 
per capital growth (2022-27E CAGR), with an estimated CAGR of 4.8 per cent. for Spain and 4.1 per cent. for 
Portugal, compared to 3.7 per cent for the Eurozone (Source: IHS Markit). Furthermore, Spain, as well as the 
Group given its exposure to foreign customers, stands to benefit from the growth and resilience of tourism, 
with a projected 2022-27E CAGR of 8.3 per cent. in foreign visitors (Source: IHS Markit), underpinned by a 
stable geopolitical situation, strong infrastructure and a well-developed hospitality sector.  
The Group also benefits a large total addressable market across its categories, with significant growth potential 
driven by favourable macro trends. The Spanish retail market is estimated to grow at a 2022-27E CAGR of 5.3 
per cent. with a total addressable market in 2022 of approximately €170 billion for the Group’s retail categories, 
which includes approximately €28 billion for fashion and apparel, approximately €36 billion for home and 
approximately €104 billion for food (Source: Insider Intelligence, Fitch Solutions). 
Diversified and flexible business model 
The Group’s diversified business approach across retail categories with a balanced presence in fashion and 
beauty, food, culture and leisure and home, among others, improves the business’ resilience, flexibility and 
customer loyalty. For the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, (i) fashion and beauty contributed 38 per cent. 
to retail revenues, driving profitability across retail, (ii) restaurants and groceries contributed 25 per cent., 
acting as a store traffic generator and adding to the business’ resilience, (iii) culture and leisure contributed 18 
per cent., (iv) home contributed 11 per cent. and (v) other retail accounted for 7 per cent.  
The Group also benefits from a balanced mix of retail business models, including wholesale, private brands 
and concessions, enriching the Group’s offering and diversifying business risks related to stock, personnel and 
logistics. The combination of a diversified category and diversified business model mix results in 
approximately 40 per cent. of revenues carrying zero to low inventory risk.

--- Page 105 ---
3038842690 
106 
 
 
Omnichannel offering 
The Group has fully integrated digital and physical assets aiming to provide a frictionless shopping journey 
and a seamless customer experience, boosting convenience and encouraging repeat usage. Omnichannel 
offerings like home delivery, click & collect, click & car and fast delivery under two hours result in high sales 
densities and conversion rates. 
Physical Offering  
The ECI department stores are a showcase for brands that find in the department store prominent and attractive 
positioning to permanently display the latest trends in fashion, home, beauty, technology, food, dining, leisure 
and culture. Department stores display a broad portfolio of prestigious brands, both national and international, 
to which, in some cases, the Group’s private labels are added. In the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, the 
Group operated 74 department stores, 72 located in Spain and 2 in Portugal. 
In addition to the department stores, as at 29 February 2024, the Group operated 35 hypermarkets, 194 
convenience stores and 54 in-store supermarkets in Spain and Portugal. Currently, the Group's restaurants and 
groceries division has different formats, all with a strategic differentiated positioning in the market: El Corte 
Inglés Supermarkets, Hipercor, Supercor, Sanchez Romero and the Club del Gourmet stores. In addition to 
these, there are 166 high-street Sfera stores, 287 international franchises, 2 high-street Unit stores (a private 
brand of the Group) and 55 high-street Sephora stores (a Group joint venture), as well as 630 service-points 
that operate at Repsol gas stations under the Supercor Stop&Go brand. 
Online Offering 
In the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, the Group ranked among the top 3 Spanish online retailers (Source: 
Statista), with 11 per cent. of its total retail revenues now constituting online sales, which have grown by 19 
per cent. CAGR from 2019 to 2023. In the same year, there were 17.3 million online retail orders and 
reservations across categories, with more than 960 million visits between websites and apps. Furthermore, in 
the same fiscal year, there were 2.9 million online users of the ECI app and the website representing a 9 per 
cent. growth compared to the previous year.  
Financials 
 
 
 KPI 
 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
CAGR 
FY2021-
2023 
 
Retail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
Transaction 
Value 
 
11,326 
 
12,380 
 12,845 
6.5% 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
11,326 
 
11,920 
 12,351 
4.4% 
 
 
 Gross Profit  
3,708 
 
3,992 
 4,230 
6.8%

--- Page 106 ---
3038842690 
107 
 
 
 
 
 KPI 
 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
CAGR 
FY2021-
2023 
 
 
 
Gross Profit 
Margin 
 
32.7% 
 
33.5% 
 34.2% 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
700 
 
756 
 840 
9.6% 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
Margin 
 
6.2% 
 
6.3% 
 6.8% 
 
 
Fashion and Beauty 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
4,151 
 
4,560 
 4,728 
6.7% 
 
Restaurants and Grocery  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
2,780 
 
2,913 
 3,101 
5.6% 
 
Culture and Leisure 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
2,199 
 
2,219 
 2,280 
1.8% 
 
Home 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
1,340 
 
1,374 
 1,390 
1.8% 
 
Other Retail 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
857 
 
854 
 853 
(0.2)% 
 
2. Travel 
The Group’s travel division is a leading player by revenue in the Spanish travel sector in both the business to 
customer and business to business sub-sectors (Source: Company Information) and generated 13 per cent. of 
the Group’s total revenues for the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024. The travel division aims to be diversified 
in businesses, markets and channels and is committed to the development of value propositions adapted to each 
traveller, covering all segments of the value chain: leisure, corporate, MICE (Meetings, Incentives, 
Conferences, and Exhibitions), bed bank, holiday experiences (tour operation), inbound and ticketing.

--- Page 107 ---
3038842690 
108 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the travel division is present in 18 countries with a strong position in 
Spain, Portugal, Italy, France and the Americas and is the only outbound travel group with significant presence 
in 11 countries of the American continent. It has an extensive agency network, with 540 agencies in Spain and 
181 international ones, as well as 1,844 associated agencies, with a total of over 5,000 professionals. It also 
owns online distribution assets both in Spain and internationally, being one of the leading online travel agencies 
in Spain.  
In addition, in the fiscal year ended 29 February 2024, the travel division served approximately 12,000 
corporate accounts, managing accounts for major companies.  
The travel operations are spread across the different commercial brands that make up the travel division of the 
Group: Viajes El Corte Inglés, Logitravel, Tourmundial, Club de Vacaciones, Smytravel, Utópica, Contigo, 
Tourenia, Traveltool Partners, Smyrooms, Passengy and VECI Group Tech.  
Financials 
 
KPI 
 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 CAGR 
FY2021-
2023 
Travel 
 
 
  
 
Total Transaction 
Value 
 
983 
2,935 
 
3,306 
 
83.4% 
 
Revenue 
 
472 
1,677 
 
1,927 
 102.0% 
 
Gross Profit 
 
111 
342 
 
444 
 100% 
 
Gross Profit Margin  
23.4% 
20.4% 
 
23.0% 
  
 
EBITDA 
 
(57) 
50 
 
93 
 n.m. 
 
EBITDA Margin 
 
n.m. 
3.0% 
 
4.8% 
  
Leisure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Revenue 
 
237 
1,219 
 
1,420 
 144.9% 
Corporate Travel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Revenue 
 
235 
458 
 
507 
 46.9%

--- Page 108 ---
3038842690 
109 
 
 
3. Other Businesses 
This segment includes a wide range of businesses and investments across different industries. 
3.1 Financial Services 
The strategic strength of the Group lies in a business model focused on customer satisfaction throughout the 
entire purchasing process. In this regard, the Issuer also facilitates the means of payment, different financing 
mechanisms and the possibility to insure the goods or services contracted within the Group. The consumer 
finance and insurance businesses are a vector of growth and diversification with high potential, as they are 
allowing the distribution of financial products not directly associated with retail sales (for example, direct loans 
and home, auto and health insurance). 
Consumer Finance 
FECI is authorised by the Bank of Spain to provide various financial services, including granting loans, issuing 
payment instruments and providing payment initiation services. In 2013, the Issuer entered into a strategic 
investment agreement with Santander Consumer Finance to acquire 51 per cent. of the business (with the Group 
holding the remaining 49 per cent. stake), thereby incorporating the expertise of Banco Santander into its 
management.  
As at 31 December 2023, FECI is a leading player in consumer finance activity in Spain (Source: ASNEF), 
with 11.8 million holders of different ECI cards and €7.2 billion of investment volume. FECI is present in much 
of the Group’s activity, managing a significant share of the sales eligible for financing in 2023.  
Moreover, in 2022 and following an agreement with MasterCard, a new ECI card was launched which now 
also operates in an open loop system, allowing greater payment coverage for customers, and thus, a new source 
of additional income not linked to retail activity within the Group. In the future, this new development would 
allow the Group to expand its consumer finance business, which has been traditionally linked primarily to sales 
within ECI.  
Insurance Services 
The Group’s insurance division comprises the insurance company SECI and the insurance brokers CESS and 
Correduría de Seguros Corporativas El Corte Inglés, S.A.U. (CSC). The business is one of the largest insurance 
operators in Spain, ending the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 with a portfolio of approximately 3.3 
million insurance policies and net income attributable to the Group of €32.5 million. 
In May 2022, the agreement between the Issuer and Grupo Mutua Madrileña announced on 28 October 2021, 
was completed, whereby Grupo Mutua Madrileña acquired 50.01 per cent. of each of SECI and CESS. The 
strategic alliance has allowed it to extend its distribution channels and offer its products to the Group’s large 
customer base and, in this way, offer the Group’s customers a better, more complete, and personalised insurance 
proposition.  
Seguros El Corte Inglés (SECI)  
SECI is duly authorised by the Dirección General de Seguros y Fondos de Pensiones as an insurance entity 
and offers life and personal accident insurance. Specifically, SECI offers accident insurance, term life 
insurance, savings life insurance, as well as temporary and lifelong annuity insurances. The SECI division has 
31 offices outside of the Group’s stores in Spain that support the network of exclusive agents.  
Centro de Seguros y Servicios (CESS) 
CESS acts as a tied insurance agent offering products from SECI, Mutua Madrileña and other insurance 
companies, both within ECI’s stores and outside the stores through a network of exclusive insurance agents. 
As of December 2023, the Issuer had a portfolio of approximately 3.3 million policies.

--- Page 109 ---
3038842690 
110 
 
 
Investment Agency 
As part of the agreement between the Issuer and Grupo Mutua Madrileña, an investment agency, Ahorro & 
Inversión El Corte Inglés, S.A.  (Ahorro & Inversión ECI) was established, as a result of which Grupo Mutua 
Madrileña acquired a 50.01 per cent. stake. Ahorro & Inversión ECI is authorised by the CNMV (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) to provide investment services as well as the marketing of a wide range of 
products (investment funds, pension plans and others).   
Financials 
 
 
KPI 
 
FY20217 
(€Mn) 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
CAGR 
FY2021-
2023 
 
 
Consumer 
Finance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross Margin 
 158 
171 
 
175 
5.3% 
  
 
 
Net Income attributable to the 
Group 
 
27.4 
28.8 
 
20.3 
(13.8)% 
 
 
Insurance Services 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Net Income attributable to the 
Group 
 
n.a. 
25.610 
 
32.5 
n.a. 
 
 
     SECI 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Net Income attributable to the 
Group 
 
n.a. 
11.310 
 
23.7 
n.a. 
 
 
     CESS 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Net Income attributable to the 
Group 
 
n.a. 
14.311 
 
8.8 
n.a. 
 
 
3.2 Other  
 
10  
This figure shows the full year 2022. Since the deconsolidation of the Insurance business took place on 31 May 2022, the Net 
Income attributable to the Group included in the FY2022 annual accounts (considering the period from June to December 
2022) amounted to €6.6m.  
11  
This figure shows the full year 2022. Since the deconsolidation of the Insurance business took place on 31 May 2022, the Net 
Income attributable to the Group included in the FY2022 annual accounts (considering the period from June to December 
2022) amounted to €6.0m.

--- Page 110 ---
3038842690 
111 
 
 
The Issuer operates or invests in a wide variety of other businesses in different sectors through different entities:  
-    Parinver, S.A.I. is an investment vehicle with stakes, among others, in Multiva (9 per cent.), a listed Mexican 
financial services company, and Camino Real (11 per cent.), a Mexican hotel company. 
-  Parinver Servicios, S.L.U., through its subsidiary Sicor Seguridad El Corte Inglés, S.L. (100 per cent.), 
provides security services to retail and corporate customers.  
- Granair, S.L.U. (100 per cent.-owned by the Issuer) holds 50% of the political rights and some non-material 
economic rights in Iberia, a Spanish airline. 
- Telecor, S.A. (100 per cent.-owned by the Issuer) is the energy business of the Group managing the Group’s 
energy consumption and operating in the retail energy commercialisation industry under the trademark Energía 
El Corte Ingles.  
- Asón Inmobiliaria de Arriendos, S.L. (100 per cent.-owned by the Issuer) is the owner of the Group’s largest 
real estate asset not related to ECI’s core businesses, collecting rents from third-party tenants.  
- KIO Networks España, S.A. (50 per cent.-owned by the Issuer), is a digital infrastructure company that 
provides infrastructure-related services. 
- Sephora Cosméticos España, S.L. (50 per cent.-owned by the Issuer), is a leading beauty retailer in partnership 
with the LVMH Group. 
Financials* 
 
 
 KPI 
 
FY20217
(€Mn) 
 
FY20228 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
CAGR 
FY2021-
2023 
 
Other Businesses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Revenue 
 
305 
 
274 
 267 
(6.3)% 
 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
152 
 
154 
 161 
3.0% 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
41 
 
30 
 25 
(21.7)% 
 
* Figures exclude non-consolidated subsidiaries. 
Board Committees 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee’s mission is to assist the Board of Directors with its duty to supervise the Issuer’s 
executive and management bodies, making sure the latter report to the Board of Directors as required.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is made up of three executive directors: Marta 
Álvarez Guil (chairwoman), Javier Rodriguez-Arias Ambrosini and José Ramón de Hoces Íñiguez (secretary).

--- Page 111 ---
3038842690 
112 
 
 
The Issuer’s two managing directors also sit on the committee as permanent attending members: José María 
Folache Gonzalez-Parrado and Santiago Bau Arrechea. The former runs the retail business and the latter acts 
as Chief Financial Officer and heads up the non-retail businesses and both report directly to the Executive 
Committee and are supported by the Management Committee. 
Audit and Control Committee 
The Audit and Control Committee must be made up of between three and six directors, all of whom are non-
executive and the majority of whom are independent. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it comprises three directors: Fernando Becker Zuazua, who has been 
chairing this committee since June 2020, Cristina Álvarez Guil and Cartera Mancor, S.L. (represented by 
Paloma García Peña). José Ramón de Hoces Íñiguez, a Board director, serves as its secretary. 
The Audit and Control Committee’s General Meeting, through its chairperson or secretary, deals with matters 
including the outcome of the external audit. 
Appointments and Remuneration Committee 
The Appointments and Remuneration Committee comprises between three and six directors. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it is made up of three directors: Marta Álvarez Guil, Cristina Álvares Guil and Cartera 
Mancor, S.L. (represented by Paloma García Peña). José Ramón de Hoces Íñiguez, a Board director, serves as 
its secretary. 
Sustainability Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Committee is made up of four directors: Manuel 
Pizarro Moreno, who has been chairing it since 2020, Cristina Álvarez Guil, Cartera Mancor, S.L. (represented 
by Paloma García Peña) and Corporation Ceslar, S.L. (represented by Carlota Areces Galán). José Ramón de 
Hoces Íñiguez, a Board director, serves as its secretary. 
Financial policy 
The Group’s management team is strongly committed to the Group’s deleveraging and has put in place a strict 
financial policy as part of its strategic plan with the target to keep Reported Net Financial Debt to Adjusted 
EBITDA below a ratio of 2.0. 
Material Contracts 
PrimeFin Compensation Agreement and Put Option 
In 2015, in the context of the Convertible Loan, the Issuer entered into a put option agreement with PrimeFin, 
by virtue of which, if a liquidity event in relation to PrimeFin’s shareholding stake in the Issuer has not taken 
place by July 2025 (the First Window), PrimeFin would have the option to sell its full remaining stake in the 
Issuer’s share capital to the Issuer (the Put Option) at an arms’ length market valuation. If the Put Option is 
not exercised in the First Window, PrimeFin is granted the right to exercise it in three additional windows (July 
2028, July 2031 and July 2034). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, PrimeFin holds 5.53 per cent. of the 
Issuer’s share capital.  
Issuer’s alliance with SCF in connection with FECI 
On 7 October 2013, the Issuer entered into a strategic investment agreement with Santander Consumer Finance, 
S.A. (SCF) by which SCF agreed to acquire 51 per cent. of FECI (with the Group holding the remaining 49 
per cent. stake) (the FECI Alliance). In the context of the FECI Alliance, the Issuer and SCF entered into, on 
the same date, a shareholders’ agreement, amended on 26 September 2023, in which, among others, a call

--- Page 112 ---
3038842690 
113 
 
 
option was granted to the Issuer in respect of all of SCF’s shares in FECI, and a put option was granted to SCF 
in respect of all of its shares in SCF (the Call and Put Options).   
Litigation and Arbitration 
Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia (CNMC) case file 
On 28 November 2023, the Directorate of Competition of the CNMC notified the Issuer of the initiation of a 
case file for possible anti-competitive practices prohibited under Article 1 of the LDC (Ley 15/2007, de 3 de 
julio, de Defensa de la Competencia) and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 
(TFEU), consisting of agreements and/or concerted practices for the allocation of customers and/or the 
awarding of bids for the provision of travel agency services, as well as the exchange of commercially sensitive 
information for the provision of said service. The initiation of the case file is a preliminary step in the 
investigation process of the alleged anti-competitive conduct and does not prejudge the outcome of the 
investigation, the guilt of the inspected companies, or the existence of any damage caused. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, no infringements have been declared by the Issuer nor has it received any penalties in 
this regard. 
Employees 
As at 29 February 2024, the Issuer had 81,714 employees across all the companies of the Group.  
The Issuer supports the labour integration and inclusion of disabled people in its workforce. It also cooperates 
with specialised employment centres by subcontracting services and purchasing products made in these centres. 
The Issuer has training initiatives and programs tailored to each job position and level of experience aimed at 
enhancing the specialisation and knowledge of its employees. Furthermore, the Issuer schedules flexible 
training actions with the goal of informing and keeping its employees up-to-date on new developments to 
ensure they can maintain the quality of service. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (APMs), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer's overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to 
review by the Issuer's auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS-EU). Accordingly, these APMs 
should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer's internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations 
of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used 
by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information 
calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Issuer's 
profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review 
these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base Prospectus 
follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative Performance 
Measures. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs in respect of the financial 
years ended 28 February 2023 and 29 February 2024 are set out in Appendix 1 of the Issuer's consolidated

--- Page 113 ---
3038842690 
114 
 
 
management report for the year ended 29 February 2024, which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of the APMs in respect of the 
financial year ended 28 February 2022 are set out below.7  
Total Transaction Value 
- 
Definition: the Total Transaction Value is defined as the total amount invoiced to the customer. 
- 
Rationale for usage: it is used to measure the total volume of transactions carried out by the Group 
with third parties, taking into account the gross amount of the operations in which the Group acts as 
"Agent". 
- 
Comparability: the criteria have not changed from last year. 
- 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation is shown below: 
 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(=) Revenue
11,997
(+) Invoiced amount recorded by "Net"
511
(=) Total Transaction Value 
12,508 
 
EBITDA 
– 
Definition: EBITDA is defined as operating profit before depreciation and amortisation charges, the 
expenses and income recognised within "Other gains/losses" and the expenses recognised under 
"Employee benefit obligations".    
Note that the Group recognises asset impairment losses, the gains and losses arising from transactions 
involving fixed assets and non-current assets held for sale and non-recurring gains and losses under 
"Other gains/losses". 
– 
Rationale for usage: EBITDA is an earnings indicator widely used in the financial markets as it 
provides a proxy for operating cash generation and facilitates comparisons across different businesses 
in the same or different sectors. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define EBITDA have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation between EBITDA and the amounts presented in the statement of 
profit or loss is shown below: 
 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(=) Operating profit 
195 
(+) Depreciation and amortisation 
507 
(+) Other gains/(losses) 
55 
(+) Employee benefit obligations 
47 
(=) EBITDA 
804 
Set out below is the reconciliation of EBITDA by business segment:  
FY2021 (€Mn) 
Retail
Travel 
Other Business
Consolidation 
Adjustments
Total
Revenue 
11,326
472
305
(106)
11,997
Cost of goods sold 
(7,617)
(361)
(153)
33
(8,099)

--- Page 114 ---
3038842690 
115 
 
 
Gross profit 
3,708
111
152
(73)
3,898
Other operating 
income and expense
(3,009)
(167)
(111)
194
(3,093)
Depreciation and 
other results
(496)
(36)
(4)
(74)
(609)
Operating Profit 
204
(92)
37
47
195
Depreciation and 
other results
496
36
4
74
609
EBITDA 
700
(57)
41
121
804
 
EBITDA Margin 
– 
Definition: the ratio between EBITDA and Revenue. 
– 
Rationale for usage: The EBITDA margin is used to track the business's performance for analytical 
purposes. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define the EBITDA margin have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation between EBITDA and the amounts presented in the statement of 
profit or loss is shown below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(=) EBITDA 
804 
(=) Revenue 
11,997 
(=) EBITDA Margin (%) 
6.7% 
Adjusted EBITDA 
– 
Definition: Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA, as defined above, less lease payments under 
IFRS 16, plus dividends received from associates plus extraordinary charges. 
– 
Rationale for usage: adjusted EBITDA is used to calculate the Group's debt ratio for the purposes of 
its syndicated loan agreement. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define adjusted EBITDA have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation between adjusted EBITDA and the amounts presented in the 
statement of profit or loss is shown below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(=) EBITDA 
804 
(-) Lease payments (IFRS 16) 
(117) 
(+) EBIT Insurance Services 
94 
(-) Depreciation and other results Insurance Services 
5 
(+) Dividends from equity method investments 
21 
(+) Extraordinary charges 
21 
(=) Adjusted EBITDA 
828

--- Page 115 ---
3038842690 
116 
 
 
Reported Gross Financial Debt 
– 
Definition: the Group uses this APM Reported Gross Financial Debt as defined in its syndicated loan 
agreement. As per that agreement, includes the following headings: 
– 
Bank borrowings, excluding interest accrued and unpaid. 
– 
Notes and other marketable securities, including the commercial paper listed on Spain's 
alternative fixed-income market (MARF), excluding interest accrued and unpaid. 
– 
The capitalised amount of finance leases other than those falling under the scope of IFRS 16. 
– 
Rationale for usage: it is used to gauge the Group's gross borrowings, as well as for the calculation 
of the reported net financial debt. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define this APM have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation is provided below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(+) Current and non-current bank borrowings 
1,739 
(+) Non-current and current notes and other marketable securities 
1,575 
(=) Reported Gross Financial Debt 
3,314 
Cash and Other Liquid Assets 
– 
Definition: the Group uses this to identify those financial assets considered to have a high degree of 
liquidity, as well as to calculate their Reported Net Financial Debt. Reported Net Financial Debt 
includes the following headings: 
– 
the total amount in the heading "Cash and cash equivalents". 
– 
the amount of those deposits with a high degree of liquidity, included in the heading of "Current 
financial assets". 
– 
Rationale for usage: it is used to measure the Group's liquidity and solvency capacity. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define this APM have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation between this APM and the related headings of the statement of 
financial position is provided below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(+) Current financial assets 
63 
(+) Cash and cash equivalents 
159 
(-) Adjustment for derivatives, security deposits and others 
(3) 
(=) Cash and Other Liquid Assets 
219 
Reported Net Financial Debt 
– 
Definition: the Group uses Reported Net Financial Debt (or ND) as defined in its syndicated loan 
agreement. As per that agreement, ND includes the APM’s defined above: 
– 
Reported gross financial debt.

--- Page 116 ---
3038842690 
117 
 
 
– 
Cash and other liquid assets. 
– 
Rationale for usage: ND is used to gauge the Group's net borrowings and its liquidity and solvency 
position. 
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define this APM have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation between net financial debt and the related headings of the statement 
of financial position is provided below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
(+) Reported Gross Financial Debt 
3,314 
(-) Cash and other liquid assets 
(219) 
(=) Reported Net Financial Debt 
3,094 
Reported Net Financial Debt over Adjusted EBITDA 
– 
Definition: The Group defines leverage as the ratio of Reported Net Financial Debt to Adjusted 
EBITDA.  
– 
Rationale for usage: The Group used this ratio to monitor compliance with the Group's capital and 
financial management objectives.  
– 
Comparability: the criteria used to define this APM have not changed from last year. 
– 
Reconciliation: the reconciliation of this APM is provided below: 
Item 
FY2021 (€Mn) 
Reported Net Financial Debt
3,094 
Adjusted EBITDA 
828 
(=) Reported Net financial Debt / Adjusted EBITDA 
3.7x

--- Page 117 ---
3038842690 
118 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. The 
information provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of all tax considerations currently 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment 
under Spanish legislation without prejudice of regional tax regimes that may be applicable. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposal of Notes, issued by the Issuer, held by a Noteholder, after the date hereof. It does not consider 
every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or 
who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque 
Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to 
refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the Spanish equivalent 
meaning attributed to those concepts under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with 
respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This analysis is based on Spanish law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, including changes having retroactive effect. 
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised advice 
based on their particular circumstances. In addition, investors should consider the legislative changes which 
could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force 
at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the 
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions (the Law 10/2014), as well as 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the general regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income 
Tax (PIT), Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the 
Corporate Income Tax Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax 
Law (the PIT Law) and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March promulgating the PIT 
Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, of 10 July (PIT Regulations), along 
with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net Wealth Tax, as amended, Law 29/1987, of 18 
December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended, and Law 38/2022, of 27 December, on 
the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and 
introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income 
Tax (CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, as amended (the CIT Law), and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the CIT Regulations); 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject 
to the Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, 
promulgating the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended (the NRIT Law), and 
Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended (the 
NRIT Regulations) along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net Wealth Tax, as amended, 
Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, of 27

--- Page 118 ---
3038842690 
119 
 
 
December, on the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit 
institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended.  
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will 
be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance 
with the Consolidated Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
regulating such tax and not subject to Spanish Financial Transaction Tax, in accordance with Law 
5/2020, of 15 October regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered 
resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantees 
payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity to be considered tax resident in Spain. 
Both, interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties, 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in 
each investor’s PIT savings taxable base and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, 
currently at a flat rate of 19% for taxable income up to €6,000, 21% for taxable income between 
€6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; 27% for taxable 
income between €200,000.01 and €300,000; and 28% for any amount in excess of €300,000. 
Income from the transfer of the Notes shall generally be computed as the difference between their 
transfer value and their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal 
charges are taken into account, insofar as adequately evidenced in calculating the income. When 
calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per 
cent. However, Royal Decree 1065/2007 introduced certain procedures for the provision of 
information regarding the Notes which are explained under section "Disclosure of Information in 
connection with the Notes" below and that, in particular, in the case of debt listed securities issued 
under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised 
under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are 
individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable 
to such individuals; and  
(b) 
interest paid to Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the 
information procedures detailed under section "Disclosure of Information in connection with 
the Notes" are complied with. In addition, income obtained upon the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes may also be paid without withholding. 
Therefore, the Issuer understands that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, it has no obligation to 
withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to Noteholders who are 
individuals with tax residency in Spain provided that the referred information procedures (which do 
not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with.

--- Page 119 ---
3038842690 
120 
 
 
Conversely, if the Issue and Paying Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information 
described under "Disclosure of Information in connection with the Notes", the Issuer may be required 
to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in 
respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. 
In the case of such Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest or income obtained upon the transfer 
redemption or repayment may be subject to withholding tax at the current applicable rate of 19%. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their PIT liability for the relevant 
fiscal year. 
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. 
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that 
their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under the relevant legislation of 
an Autonomous Region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they should take into account the value 
of the Notes which they hold as of 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the Autonomous Regions are entitled to apply their own 
regulation on such tax, this rate will just apply to the regions that have not approved their own net 
wealth tax schedules. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
2.3 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
In addition, the solidarity wealth tax for high-net-worth individuals (the so-called "Solidarity Tax") 
was approved in December 2022 by Law 38/2022, of 27 December, for the establishment of temporary 
taxes on energy and on credit institutions and financial credit establishments (the Solidarity Tax 
Law). The Solidarity Tax is a direct and personal tax that complements the Wealth Tax in which the 
taxable event is a natural person’s ownership of at least €3 million in net assets on 31 December of 
each year. Nonetheless, the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00, which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when their net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater 
than €3.7 million. Note that, although it was initially introduced as a two-year direct wealth tax, in 
December 2023 it was extended indefinitely. 
The taxpayers of the Solidarity Tax and the Net Wealth Tax are individuals. In practice, as the 
Solidarity Tax Law allows the Net Wealth Tax amount payable to be deducted, the Solidarity Tax will 
have a greater impact on taxpayers residing in autonomous regions in which the Wealth Tax is partially 
or fully exempt.  
The rates of the Solidarity Tax are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between €3,000,000 and €5,347,998.03, 
(ii) 2.1% on a net worth between €5,347,998.04 and €10,695,996.06 and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of 
more than €10,695,996.06.  
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules, being the taxpayer the transferee. The applicable tax rates range 
between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent., depending on relevant factors (such as previous net wealth or 
family relationship between the transferor and transferee), although the final tax rate may vary 
depending on any applicable regional tax laws. The final effective tax cost may range from 0 per cent. 
to 87.6 per cent.

--- Page 120 ---
3038842690 
121 
 
 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Region, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particularities of their situation. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes, which constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third 
parties of own capital, are subject to CIT and would have to be included in the profit and taxable base 
of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for CIT purposes, in accordance with the rules for CIT 
and subject to the general rate of 25 per cent. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT from financial assets traded on organised markets in 
OECD countries. 
However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made 
by the depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified 
in the ruling issued by the DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside of Spain 
in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an OECD 
country other than Spain). 
The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of listed debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state 
(such as the Notes), interest paid to investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. The 
foregoing is subject to certain information procedures having to be fulfilled and submitted by the 
relevant Paying Agent. These procedures are described in section "Disclosure of Information in 
connection with the Notes" below. Conversely, if the Issue and Paying Agent fails to provide the Issuer 
with the required information described under " Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 
currently, 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required 
information has not been provided. 
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Solidarity Tax. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but the 
market value of the Notes shall be included in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain

--- Page 121 ---
3038842690 
122 
 
 
4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not 
in itself determine the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. See section "—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)" above. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both, interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, 
redemption or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no 
tax residency in Spain, being Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent 
establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms 
laid down for income from public debt, provided that certain requirements are met. 
The Issuer has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes to 
holders who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain 
provided that the information procedures are complied with in the manner detailed under " 
Disclosure of Information in connection with the Notes" as set out in section 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 (as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011). Conversely, if these 
information procedures are not complied with within the manner indicated thereof, the Issuer 
may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per 
cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information 
has not been provided. 
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to 
Net Wealth Tax). However, individuals’ resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a 
double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, 
non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer) exceed €700,000 would 
be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., 
although certain reductions may apply. 
Noteholders who are not tax residents in Spain may be entitled to apply the specific regulation of the 
Autonomous Region where their most valuable assets are located and which trigger this Spanish Net 
Wealth Tax, since they are located or are to be exercised or must be fulfilled within the Spanish 
territory. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
4.3 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Solidarity Tax. In 
such event, noteholders should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 
December each year. 
The Solidarity Tax is qualified as a direct tax, of a personal nature and supplementary to Net Wealth 
Tax, which is levied on the net wealth of individuals exceeding €3 million. Nonetheless, the regulation 
lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00, which means that its effective impact, in 
general, will occur when their net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than €3.7 million. In particular,

--- Page 122 ---
3038842690 
123 
 
 
Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of 27 December 2023, extended this €700,000.00 exemption to non-
resident individuals. Note that, although it was initially introduced as a two-year direct wealth tax, in 
December 2023 it was extended indefinitely. 
The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for Wealth Tax. 
The rates of the Solidarity Tax” are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3,000,000 million and 
€5,347,998.03 million, (ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between €5,347,998.04 million and 
€10,695,996.06 million and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth of more than €10,695,996.06 million. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax nor to the Solidarity Tax. 
4.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Unless otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift 
Tax, the latter may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that 
are located or that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
Pursuant to the IGT Law, the applicable tax rate ranges between 7.65%% and 34.00%. However, final 
effective taxation may vary depending on various factors, such as the specific regulations imposed by 
each Spanish region, the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or beneficiary of 
the gift, the kinship with the deceased or the donor and the qualification for tax benefits.  
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to the 
rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. If the deceased, the heir 
or the done, as the case may be, is resident outside Spain, the applicable rules will be those 
corresponding to the relevant autonomous regions as per the rules set out in the law. As such, 
prospective holders of the Notes should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident corporations are not taxpayers of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax and 
income inherited or obtained by gift (a título lucrativo) will generally be subject to NRIT, as capital 
gains, unless otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
From 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, of 15 
November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e., individuals, 
legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign 
assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, 
Noteholders that are resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, 
to declare before the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the 
ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare 
between 1 January 2025 and 31 March 2025 the Notes held on 31 December 2024). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would 
only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets 
increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or 
extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such 
ownership was reported in previous declarations.

--- Page 123 ---
3038842690 
124 
 
 
6. 
Disclosure of Information in connection with the Notes 
According to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Issuer is subject 
to certain reporting obligations in relation to the Notes. 
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Notes 
issued by the Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear, the Issue and 
Paying Agent would be obliged to provide the Issuer with a declaration (the form of which is set out 
in the Agency Agreement) which should include the following information: 
(a) 
description of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payments is made; 
(b) 
the date on which the relevant payment under the Notes is made; 
(c) 
total amount of the relevant payment; and  
(d) 
total amount of the relevant payment allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement 
entity involved. 
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to 
be provided to the Issuer on the business day immediately preceding each date on which any payment 
of interest, principal or any amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes is made. 
In the event that the Issue and Paying Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, 
according to section 7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer, or the Issue and Paying 
Agent acting on its behalf, could be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments as to 
which the required information has not been provided, at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 
19 per cent.). 
In particular, the information which needs to be disclosed in reference to the Notes, must be certified 
by means of a certificate in the form of which is attached as "Annex I" of this Base Prospectus. 
Sections in English in "Annex I" have been translated from the original Spanish and such translations 
constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any discrepancy 
between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in "Annex I" and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the 
relevant certificate only. 
7. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax (the Spanish FTT) 
On 16 January 2021, Law 15/2020, of 15 October, on the Spanish financial transactions tax (the FTT 
Law) entered into force. 
Spanish FTT charges a 0.2 per cent. on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish 
companies, regardless of the residence of the agents that intervene in the transactions, provided the 
market value of the capitalisation thereof is greater than €1 billion on December 1 of the year prior to 
the acquisition. The taxpayer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase order 
and must submit an annual tax return. The list of Spanish companies with a market capitalisation 
exceeding €1 billion on 1 December of each year will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' 
website before 31 December each year. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Notes will not be subject to this new tax in accordance with the FTT 
Law. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
Spanish FTT.

--- Page 124 ---
3038842690 
125 
 
 
8. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Spain) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the 
issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
3038842690 
126 
 
 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, 
aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 / Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the 
General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules 
of the procedures to apply taxes 
 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos. 
 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes. 
 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (…) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (…), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (…) and address in (…) as (function – mark as applicable): 
 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
Fiscal Agent appointed by the Issuer. 
 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores................................................................................................ 
Identification of the securities.............................................................................................. 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos 
al descuento o segregados)....................................................................... 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated)......................................................................................

--- Page 126 ---
3038842690 
127 
 
 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora ............................................................... 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated 
principals 
for 
which 
reimbursement 
an 
intermediary 
entity 
is 
involved................................................................................................................................ 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount 
to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ............................................................................................... 
Identification of the securitites ........................................................................................... 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
.................................................................................................................... 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
............................................................................................................................................... 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados ................................................................................................... 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).................................................................................................... 
2.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora ............................................................... 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated 
principals 
for 
which 
reimbursement 
an 
intermediary 
entity 
is 
involved................................................................................................................................ 
2.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount 
to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
 
3. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
3.1 
Identificación de los valores ............................................................................................... 
Identification of the securitites ........................................................................................... 
3.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
.................................................................................................................... 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
............................................................................................................................................... 
3.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados ................................................................................................... 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).................................................................................................... 
3.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero A. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A.

--- Page 127 ---
3038842690 
128 
 
 
3.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero B. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
3.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero C. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
3.7 
Lo que declaro en ..................…. a …. de ...................…de …. 
I declare the above in .............. on the.... of ................... ... of .... 
 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el 
número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 128 ---
3038842690 
129 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement), dated 14 June 2024, agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".  In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time, or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or

--- Page 129 ---
3038842690 
130 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or

--- Page 130 ---
3038842690 
131 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 131 ---
3038842690 
132 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
A) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); and 
B) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold in the Kingdom of Spain other than 
by institutions authorised under Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and Investment Services 
(Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the Securities 
Market Law) and related legislation, to provide investment services in the Kingdom of Spain. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in the Kingdom of 
Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in the Kingdom of Spain 
or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. Neither the

--- Page 132 ---
3038842690 
133 
 
 
Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the CNMV) and therefore this Base Prospectus is not intended for any 
offer of the Notes in the Kingdom of Spain that would require the registration of a prospectus with the CNMV. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, 
directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 
June 2018, as amended (FinSA), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning 
of the FinSA; (ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to either 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent 
document) as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved 
by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to either Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes may be distributed or 
otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within 
the meaning of the FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief), comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sell 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchase, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibilities therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that the Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Under certain circumstances, the Dealers have the right to be released and discharged from their obligations 
under the relevant subscription agreement before the issuance of the Notes. This includes situations where 
certain conditions precedent have not been delivered or met to their satisfaction by the Issue Date. In such 
cases, the issuance of the Notes may not be completed. Investors will not have any rights against the Issuer or 
Dealers concerning any expenses incurred or losses suffered in these circumstances.

--- Page 133 ---
3038842690 
134 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 29 May 2024. The issue of the Notes has been or, on or before the Issue Date of such Notes, will 
be duly authorised by the Issuer. 
Issues of Notes under the Programme by the Issuer may be required to comply with certain formalities 
contained in the Spanish Corporations Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the execution of a public deed (escritura pública) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the 
Notes issued under the Programme, if so required by Spanish law. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of the 
Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on 14 June 2024. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and at the website of the 
Issuer at www.elcorteingles.es/informacioncorporativa: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 28 
February 2023 and 29 February 2024 (with an English translation thereof), in each case together with 
the audit reports prepared in connection therewith;  
(c) 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated by reference. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this base prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms will be available, in 
electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 134 ---
3038842690 
135 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 28 
February 2024.  There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 28 February 
2024. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young, S.L., located at Calle Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, 28003, 
Madrid, Spain and registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de 
Cuentas). The Spanish language original consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries for each of the years ended 28 February 2023 and 29 February 2024, prepared in accordance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, has been audited and the 
reports has been issued, without qualification, by Ernst & Young, S.L. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third-party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates. These 
transactions occur in the ordinary course of business, and the Dealers have received, or may receive, customary 
fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, and indemnifications for such services. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a wide range of 
investments and actively trade in debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for both their own accounts and those of their clients. These activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued

--- Page 135 ---
3038842690 
136 
 
 
under the Programme. Such Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also provide investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 136 ---
3038842690 
137 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
Hermosilla 112 
28009 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA – Edificio Asia 
Calle Sauceda, 28  
28050, Madrid  
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London 
EC2Y 9DB

--- Page 137 ---
3038842690 
138 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling 
Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Issuer as to English and Spanish law 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young, S.L. 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde 65 
28003 Madrid 
Spain