--- Page 1 ---
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on March 11, 2024. This Base 
Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months after the date of its approval provided that the Base Prospectus is 
supplemented in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
Electrolux Professional AB (publ) 
Base prospectus for 
Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2(51) 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
In this base prospectus, the “Company” or “Electrolux Professional” means Electrolux Professional AB (publ). 
The “Group” means the Company with all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group Company”). “Euroclear 
Sweden” refers to Euroclear Sweden AB. “Nasdaq Stockholm” refers to Nasdaq Stockholm AB. “SEK” refers to 
Swedish kronor. “M” refers to million(s) and “K” refers to thousand(s). 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “Terms and 
Conditions”) beginning on page 21, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 37 
(the “Final Terms”) have the same meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context 
requires otherwise. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Company and contains information about its programme for medium 
term notes (the “Programme”). The Programme has been established by the Company to constitute a framework under 
which the Company from time to time may issue medium term notes (“Notes”) in SEK or EUR in a minimum Nominal 
Amount corresponding to an amount of EUR 100,000, and with a minimum term of one year. The Company has 
undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not 
exceed an amount corresponding to an amount of SEK 5,000,000,000 at any time. The Company and the Dealers may 
agree to increase or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a 
solicitation to buy or sell Notes.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is 
valid for a period of twelve months from the day of approval.  
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional 
prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with 
regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform 
themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a 
violation of applicable securities regulations. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
No person has been authorized to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as 
having been authorized or approved by the Company and the Company assumes no responsibility for such information 
or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that 
the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus 
or that there have not been any changes in the Company’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made 
public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and appropriate 
channels for distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer 
participating in the issue of the Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current views or 
expectations with respect to future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, 
“expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments 
or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the 
Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Company cannot 
give any assurances that such statements will materialize. Because these forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking 
statement.

--- Page 3 ---
3(51) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 7 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................ 21 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................... 37 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION .................................................................................................................................. 41 
THE COMPANY ................................................................................................................................................... 43 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ......................................................................................... 48 
ADDRESSES ......................................................................................................................................................... 50

--- Page 4 ---
4(51) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions included in 
the section “General Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Electrolux Professional AB (publ) for the issuance of medium term notes 
in SEK or EUR. A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in 
SEK) and with a minimum term of one year. The Company has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total 
outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 5,000,000,000 at any time. 
The Company and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
The Company has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as Arranger and Danske Bank A/S 
Danmark, Sverige Filial and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. 
Further Dealers may be appointed. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the applicable Final 
Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under the Programme. For each 
Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. Applicable 
Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms will be 
submitted to the SFSA and published on the webpage of the Company. Any amendments (other than adjustments 
to clear and obvious errors and amendments made in accordance with Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) in 
the Terms and Conditions) to the Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such 
amendment, unless a Noteholders’ Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of the Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account (maintained with 
Euroclear Sweden) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Notes will be 
registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
Status of the Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations of the 
Company and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by 
law) of the Company. 
Pricing and interest 
The Pricing of the MTN cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue on the 
bases of the prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the relevant Nominal 
Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of which is the interest applicable 
to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may be set at a floating interest rate based on 
EURIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
Admission to trading 
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. Although the Company has undertaken to apply for registration on a Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted under 
applicable laws and regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as 
the relevant Loan is outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop.

--- Page 5 ---
5(51) 
 
Time-bar 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be time-barred and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon time-bar, the Company will be entitled to keep any funds that may have 
been reserved for such payments. 
If the time-bar period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new time-bar period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three years 
for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down 
in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations issues which arise in connection therewith, shall be governed 
by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court (Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate or have Zero Coupon. The interest 
structure applicable to a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the available 
interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest 
according to the Interest Rate: 
(a) 
in respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Loans issued in EUR, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate: 
(a) 
in respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the 
Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate); 
and 
(b) 
in respect of Loans issued in EUR, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and shall be notified to the Paying Agent 
and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360. 
Zero Coupon  
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may be issued at a discount, 
par or premium.

--- Page 6 ---
6(51) 
 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmark, being 
EURIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. The benchmarks are provided by the European 
Money Market Institute (“EMMI”) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (“SFBF”). EMMI and 
SFBF is registered in the register of administrators provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
Each Loan shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount (or such other 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued but unpaid interest. If the Maturity Date is 
not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on this first following Business Day. 
Repurchase of Notes by the Company 
The Company may repurchase MTN at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise provided that 
repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company may, in the discretion of the 
Company, be retained, resold or cancelled. 
Repurchase upon change of control 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder, if: 
(a) the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market; or 
 
(b) an event or a series of events occurs, resulting in a natural or legal person, individually or together with such 
related parties as referred to in the Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (lag (2006:451) om offentliga 
uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden), directly or indirectly, at some point acquiring or controlling more 
than fifty (50) percent of the shares or voting rights in the Company. 
As soon as the Company becomes aware of such an event, it is the Company’s responsibility to notify the 
Noteholders of such event through a press release published on the Company’s website and in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions. The notification must include instructions regarding how a Noteholder that wishes to have 
MTN repurchased should act, as well as specifying the repurchase date. 
The repurchase date shall occur no earlier than twenty (20) and no later than forty (40) Business Days after the 
notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall be deemed to be the 
Business Day immediately following. 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase the relevant 
MTN on the repurchase date at the price per MTN that would have been repaid on the Maturity Date, together 
with accrued interest (if any). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions shall be paid instead. 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be drafted in accordance with the 
instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The 
Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) Business Days before repurchase 
date.

--- Page 7 ---
7(51) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including both risks pertaining to Electrolux 
Professional and the Group’s business and risks related to the Notes. The Company’s assessment of the materiality 
of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorized in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Risks related to Electrolux Professional 
Risks relating to Electrolux Professional’s operations and industry 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to macroeconomic factors and geopolitical conditions. 
Electrolux Professional is a global provider of professional equipment within the segments Food & Beverage and 
Laundry to a wide range of professional customers, including restaurants, hotels, schools, businesses, hospitals 
and supermarkets. Demand for Electrolux Professional’s products depends on the general economic climate within 
the professional equipment industry, which in turn is affected by macroeconomic factors in the countries and 
regions where Electrolux Professional conducts operations, including the rate of growth in the global and local 
economy, employment levels and disposable household income, population growth and urbanization, currency 
rate fluctuations, tariffs and other measures restricting trade, commodity prices and inflation. 
A significant negative economic development or political uncertainties in the markets in which Electrolux 
Professional operates would trigger a significant industry-wide decline in sales. In February 2022, Russia launched 
an invasion of Ukraine. Electrolux Professional has since then ceased its operations and divested its previous 
subsidiary in Russia. The decision to leave Russia did not have any material effect on the Group’s profit or 
profitability. The Middle East is another region that recently has been subject to geopolitical uncertainty. 
Following Hamas assault on October 7, 2023, Israel, as a response, declared war against Hamas. From an economic 
perspective, the impact on the Group, of the war between Russia and Ukraine and the war between Israel and 
Hamas, respectively, has so far been limited. However, it is uncertain what long-term effects the conflicts will 
have on the global economy and on the Group’s business, and it is possible that the Group’s reputation, business, 
financial position and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
Furthermore, the trade dispute between the United States and China continues to impact the global economy 
resulting in increased costs for the professional equipment industry as a consequence of trade barriers and imposed 
tariffs. A deterioration of, or the rise of new trade disputes, could adversely impact the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
The Group may also be exposed to risks related to compliance with additional or changed trade sanctions regimes, 
such as any trade restrictions imposed as a consequence of the above mentioned conflicts, even though the Group 
has policies and procedures in place to assist with compliance. For example, Electrolux Professional may, due to 
comprehensive and complex trade sanctions regimes, be required to cease or limit its involvement in affected 
markets, and it is possible that the Group’s reputation, business, financial position and results of operations will 
be adversely affected as a result (see further “Electrolux Professional is exposed to compliance-related risks” 
below). 
The outbreak of pandemics may affect the general economic development, both globally and regionally, and 
negatively impact demand from the Group’s end markets. Consequently, the Group’s cash flow, net sales, and 
profitability could be adversely affected.  
The global economy has experienced a downturn with slow growth, high inflation, increased interest rates and 
energy prices. As demand for the Group’s products depends on the general economic climate within the 
professional equipment industry, a longer period of economic downturn or further deterioration could have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s net sales and results of operations. 
In 2023, 61 percent, 12 percent and 27 percent of Electrolux Professional’s net sales were derived from Europe, 
APAC & MEA and Americas, respectively (which are the Group’s geographical regions). Hence, a significant 
negative economic development or political uncertainties in any of those markets would thus materially adversely 
affect the Group’s net sales and results of operations.

--- Page 8 ---
8(51) 
 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks relating to its manufacturing units. 
Electrolux Professional has 13 manufacturing units in eight countries and the manufacturing comprises a chain of 
processes in which extensive outages and disruptions would adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s possibilities 
to perform its obligations to customers. Electrolux Professional’s manufacturing units are located in Europe 
(Sweden, Italy, France and Switzerland), the United States (Weidman, MI and Vicksburg, MS) and Asia (China, 
Thailand and Japan), of which the units in Vallenoncello, Italy, Ljungby, Sweden and Rayong, Thailand, account 
for the largest share of the Group’s production. This exposes Electrolux Professional to a number of risks that are 
more or less specific to the country or region in question. These risks include geopolitical unfavorable 
developments, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, fire, theft, systems failures, mechanical failures 
or equipment breakdown. For example, Electrolux Professional has manufacturing units located in Vallenoncello, 
Italy and Izunokuni, Japan, which are both located in earthquake zones. Epidemics or pandemics may also affect 
the Group’s manufacturing capacity. Any extensive outages or disruptions as a consequence of such events would 
affect Electrolux Professional’s ability to manufacture products, which would have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial position. 
Furthermore, from time to time, Electrolux Professional may relocate or transfer part of its manufacturing capacity 
to new plants or between existing plants. Transfer of production from one facility to another as well as construction 
of new plants are costly and complex processes, and presents a risk of additional disruptions and delays during the 
transition or construction period. In addition, during relocation, Electrolux Professional will be dependent on cost-
efficient deliveries of components and half-finished goods from suppliers. Any prolonged disruption in the 
operations of any of the Group’s manufacturing facilities or any unforeseen extensive delay in shifting 
manufacturing operations to new facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties or delays in regulatory 
approvals or any start-up problems, would result in delays in delivery of products to customers, increased costs 
and reduced revenues. There is also a risk that, in the future, Electrolux Professional is unable to build new plants 
or make investments in existing plants on favorable terms, or is unable to rationalize production, if required. The 
degree to which such events may affect Electrolux Professional is uncertain, and presents a highly significant risk 
to the Group’s manufacturing capabilities. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to raw materials, components and commodities. 
On a global as well as a regional basis, the sources and prices of raw materials and components are susceptible to 
significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, 
changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, inflation and the economic climate and other unforeseen 
circumstances. Fluctuations in commodity prices impact the input costs and, as a consequence, the Group’s 
margins. Increased energy prices also negatively affect the Group’s costs. Furthermore, tariffs and other measures 
restricting trade that encompass raw materials that Electrolux Professional uses in its production, or components 
included in Electrolux Professional’s products, increase Electrolux Professional’s production costs and thereby 
negatively affect its results of operations. Shortages in the supply of raw materials or electricity would adversely 
affect Electrolux Professional’s ability to manufacture its products. 
In 2023, Electrolux Professional purchased raw materials and components for approximately SEK 3.1bn. The price 
on raw materials, in turn, affects the price on components. Accordingly, significant increases in input prices of 
steel and other important raw materials as well as components thus adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s 
production costs and thereby its results of operations. There is a risk that, in the future, the possibilities to 
compensate in full or in part for cost increases by price increases to customers are limited, which would exacerbate 
the negative outcome of such cost increases. For example, in 2022 lead times were often longer due to the shortage 
of components as a result of the global uncertainties after the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. The shortage of 
components and shipping availability created increased stock and increased cost. Furthermore, there is a risk that 
contractual hedging activities carried out by the Group in relation to raw materials and commodity prices are not 
sufficient or effective in reducing costs associated with increased prices.  
Electrolux Professional is subject to risks related to market competition. 
Electrolux Professional operates in a competitive industry characterized by evolving industry standards and 
continuous improvements in performance characteristics and product features. Competitive factors include selling 
price, product features and characteristics, performance and quality, reputation, energy efficiency and aftermarket 
services. Electrolux Professional faces competition from a number of competitors, including, among others, Ali 
Group, Alliance Laundry Systems, Marmon Group, Middleby and Rational, many of which have strong brand 
recognition and great financial capacity. Several of these competitors operate globally and are large, well-
established companies. In response to a competitive environment, the Group may be forced to increase efficiency 
by further reducing costs along the value chain, including at the level of suppliers. Increased competition that

--- Page 9 ---
9(51) 
 
requires Electrolux Professional to lower its prices in order to keep customers and markets shares would adversely 
affect its margins and results of operations. Furthermore, if Electrolux Professional experiences a significant 
reduction in orders by volume or revenues, or loses important or major customers due to increased competition, it 
would have a material adverse effect on its net sales and results of operations. The degree to which market 
competition may affect Electrolux Professional is uncertain, and presents a highly significant risk to the Group’s 
net sales and margins. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to sales agreements and warranty undertakings. 
Electrolux Professional sells its products both directly to customers and indirectly through a global network of 
dealers and distributors. The Group also offers full solution product offerings (including elements of design, 
integration, adaptation and service) comprising food, beverage and laundry equipment in a single site, which may 
extend over several months. Such projects expose Electrolux Professional to risks and, particularly in the case of 
direct sales, require project planning and control as well as monitoring, to ensure that obligations and assessments 
regarding project costs and revenues provide a satisfactory basis for reporting of revenues, costs and profitability. 
Agreements and projects with fixed-price components also entail risks, since such components mean that 
Electrolux Professional accepts the price for the assignment, which is based on specified conditions and estimates 
of the ultimate cost of the assignment at the time when the agreement is entered into, whereupon Electrolux 
Professional undertakes the main risks associated with performance of the project. There is a risk of Electrolux 
Professional failing to adequately estimate the costs for performance of a project, which would have a material 
adverse effect on margins. Projects that require extensive initial investments in development and production would 
also adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s cash flows. 
Some of the products sold are covered by an original warranty, which is included in the price and which extends 
for a predetermined period of time (normally one to two years). The most common warranty for Electrolux 
Professional is to replace a faulty component under legal and common practice warranty terms. Under IFRS 
principles, provisions for this original warranty are estimated based on historical data regarding, among other 
things, service rates and cost of repairs. Provisions for warranties entail estimates of the outcome of claims as a 
consequence of defective products. Assumptions must be made as to likely levels of returned goods and costs for 
replacing defective products. If these estimates and assumptions are inaccurate to a significant extent, or if 
Electrolux Professional is required to honor an extensive warranty undertaking, this would adversely affect the 
Group’s results of operations and financial position.  
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to product development and other product-related risks. 
The professional equipment industry is characterized by the need to provide an offer that addresses the ability to 
deliver high productivity in a heavy use environment combined with evolving technological requirements affecting 
both hardware and software. Like many other commercial environments, the professional equipment industry is 
experiencing an evolving demand focused on clear requirements around digitalization including diagnostics, 
predictive behavior and maintenance, data analysis and artificial intelligence. All of these requirements aim to 
address needs related to controlling the total cost of ownership, business volatility and related costs as well as asset 
portfolio management (e.g. multi outlet operators). Further, there is an increasing demand on connected products 
and digital services in the professional equipment industry entailing that it is important to keep up with 
developments in this regard in order to be competitive. In this environment, product development and product 
enhancement are critical factors in maintaining margins and enabling sales growth in all of the Group’s product 
lines. Accordingly, Electrolux Professional must continuously develop and enhance its products in line with 
customer requirements, industry trends and key market characteristics. Product development and innovation also 
require significant management time and a high level of financial and other commitments to research and 
development, and, for example, in 2023, Electrolux Professional costs for research and development amounted to 
SEK 388m. Furthermore, sometimes, Electrolux Professional customizes the products it develops in accordance 
with a specific customer’s requirements or demands. If such customer chooses to terminate its relation with the 
Group or no longer demand the customized product, there is a risk that Electrolux Professional will be unable to 
sell any excess inventory of the customized product and that investments and product development efforts will be 
spent in vain. Should Electrolux Professional fail with its product development or product enhancement, for 
example, by not introducing new functions and features in a timely manner, the Group risks being unable to capture 
further growth by developing sustainable and innovative solutions with competitive running costs, which would 
lead to declined sales and compressed margins.  
In addition, most of Electrolux Professional’s products and product lines, such as refrigerators, cookers, 
dishwashers, beverage dispensers, coffee machines and washing machines, are subject to regulations that set out 
basic health and safety requirements applicable to products released onto the market (e.g. the Machinery Directive

--- Page 10 ---
10(51) 
 
(2006/42/EC), the Low Voltage Directive (2014/35/EU), the Electromagnetic Compatibility Directive 
(2014/30/EU), the RoHS Directive (2011/65/EU), the Gas Appliances Regulation ((EU) 2016/426), the Food 
Contact Regulation ((EC)1935/2004) and the Good Manufacturing Practice Regulation ((EC)2023/2006) and, 
where appropriate, international and national equivalents). Accordingly, Electrolux Professional’s operations 
require the preparation of, and compliance with, internal routines within all of the Group’s markets and regions to 
ensure compliance with requirements as regards its products. Should any of Electrolux Professional’s products 
have defects that lead to serious accidents or ill-health when used, there is a risk that competent authorities decide 
to prohibit sales, the supplier will be required to recall the product from the market, or provide warning 
information. If Electrolux Professional fails to comply with such requirement, the Group also faces the risk of 
fines and claims from contracting parties and third parties. If a product causes personal injury or material property 
damage, Electrolux Professional could also be required to recall the product or be exposed to product liability 
claims. In addition, if a component in a product delivered to a customer has a safety defect, Electrolux Professional 
could be required to replace the component. Any such material product recalls or product liability claims would 
have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s business, results of operations or financial position. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to suppliers, dealers and distributors as well as other third 
parties. 
Electrolux Professional’s manufacturing process depends on the availability and timely supply of components and 
raw materials, sourced and purchased primarily from third party suppliers. Some key parts, products and 
proprietary and customized components, are available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. 
If these single source suppliers cease or interrupt production or delivery or otherwise fail to supply these 
components to the Group, there is a risk that Electrolux Professional is unable to obtain these products or 
proprietary and customized components for a certain period of time, which would have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s ability to manufacture single type or categories of products. If Electrolux Professional is forced to 
replace or contract a new supplier, this may lead to significant costs and work in evaluating and approving a new 
party, and that it may be difficult for Electrolux Professional to purchase or source raw materials, products and 
proprietary and customized components within a reasonable time or at an acceptable cost.  
Electrolux Professional sells its products both through its own sales units and through third party dealers and 
distributors around the world. In certain markets and within certain product categories, the Group relies on a limited 
number of such third party dealers and distributors. If Electrolux Professional’s agreements with these parties were 
to be terminated, or amended or renegotiated in an unfavorable way, there is a risk that the Group’s sales ability 
would be negatively affected for a certain period of time, particularly if any such termination or unfavorable 
amendments relate to a major distributor or dealer. If Electrolux Professional is forced to replace or commence 
cooperation with a new dealer or distributor, this also risks leading to significant costs and work in evaluating and 
approving a new party, and that it may be difficult to find a dealer or distributor with a corresponding sales ability. 
Furthermore, Electrolux Professional has an extensive Customer Care global network of approximately 10,000 
authorized technical experts and more than 2,000 service partners (both in-house personnel and external parties) 
in approximately 110 countries that provide preventative and corrective maintenance services and offer genuine 
parts, consumables and chemicals. Accordingly, Electrolux Professional is dependent on the performance by such 
third parties of their contractual obligations in terms of quality, sales and delivery time, and compliance with 
Electrolux Professional’s guidelines and other industry standards as regards, for example, the environment, work 
environment, anti-corruption, human rights and business ethics. There is, however, a risk that such parties face 
financial difficulties, insolvency or bankruptcy or, due to geopolitical factors or catastrophic events, fail in their 
sales efforts, fail to deliver on time or in accordance with the cost structure or quality that they have undertaken, 
or otherwise fail to comply with applicable guidelines and industry standards. If Electrolux Professional fails in 
its assessment and evaluation of such parties, or if such parties fail in their commitments to the Group, there is a 
risk that this has a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to IT and cyber security risks. 
Electrolux Professional needs to maintain a well-functioning information technology (IT) infrastructure to ensure 
business continuity and improve the effectiveness of its operations and to interface with its customers, as well as 
to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Cyber-attacks, IT system failures, including suppliers’ or other third 
parties’ system failures, risk disrupting the Group’s operations by causing transaction errors, processing 
inefficiencies, delays or cancellation of customer orders, the loss of customers, impediments to the manufacture 
or delivery of products and other business disruptions. A significant IT system failure or security breach would 
have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s business, results of operations or financial position.

--- Page 11 ---
11(51) 
 
Large parts of Electrolux Professional’s IT environment are outsourced to third party IT service providers. For 
example, Electrolux Professional has contracted a data center infrastructure provider. If Electrolux Professional’s 
IT infrastructure services do not work satisfactorily, and that leads to inefficiency or major disruptions in the 
operations, it would have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s operations. IT transformation 
projects, including any migration of data, for example when integrating new businesses, can lead to unexpected 
costs and take longer than expected, a risk that is amplified when the time frame available is limited and projects 
are carried out on a global scale.  
Electrolux Professional’s cyber-security risk lies primarily in its sales and manufacturing, supply chain or 
connected products being hacked. Furthermore, information about products, contracts, selling prices and costs 
constitute sensitive information that could be subject to cyber threats. Electrolux Professional is primarily exposed 
to the risk of malware and ransomware attacks, but cyber-related risks may also arise as a consequence of loss of 
information due to insufficient or erroneous internal processes, outages or technical faults, human error or natural 
disasters. Accordingly, Electrolux Professional is dependent on its employees and representatives to comply with 
the Group’s internal processes and to be reactive and duly report any malicious activities but there is, however, a 
risk that such parties fail to do so and fall victims of such attacks that may lead to business disruptions, loss of 
important data and reputational damage. These risks may also occur at Electrolux Professional’s suppliers, dealers, 
distributors and other external parties with whom Electrolux Professional interacts. The degree to which cyber-
related risks may affect Electrolux Professional is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group since they 
could lead to business disruptions, loss of important data and reputational damage. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to its international operations. 
Electrolux Professional’s solutions and products are manufactured in 13 facilities located in eight countries around 
the world and sold in over 110 countries. In 2023, 61 percent, 12 percent and 27 percent of the Group’s net sales 
were derived from Europe, APAC & MEA and Americas, respectively. As a result of its international operations, 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to a variety of complex laws, regulations and controls, and various non-binding 
treaties and guidelines, such as those related to labor law, product safety and exchange controls. Adverse changes 
in regulatory requirements, economic and political instability, tariffs and other trade barriers, sanctions, export 
controls and price or exchange controls would limit the Group’s profitability in the countries concerned. In 
addition, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, natural disasters, governmental actions as well as epidemics and 
pandemics that affect Electrolux Professional’s domestic and international operations in a significant way, disrupt 
its supply chain, and impair its ability to produce and deliver its products present a significant risk for the Group. 
Such events may directly impact Electrolux Professional’s physical facilities or those of its suppliers or customers 
around the world, which would adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Electrolux Professional’s international operations also expose the Group to other risks, including unfavorable 
political changes, unforeseen legislative changes, inconsistent application of existing laws and regulations, 
ambiguous regulatory systems, customs compliance and tax systems as well as different methods and routines for 
conducting business operations. The international operations in certain jurisdictions, such as China and Thailand, 
also expose Electrolux Professional to potentially longer payment cycles, difficulties in obtaining payment of 
accounts receivable, difficulties in repatriating cash funds from certain countries, as well as increased risks of 
customer losses. Such factors may lead to a decline in sales and thus adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s 
operations in the jurisdictions and region concerned. The Group expects its international operations to continue to 
represent an increasing portion of its total operations going forward. The degree to which risks relating to 
international operations may affect Electrolux Professional is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the 
Group’s growth and profitability. Further, the realization of risks related to macroeconomic factors and geopolitical 
conditions may also adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s operations (see further “Electrolux Professional is 
exposed to risks related to macroeconomic factors and geopolitical conditions” above). 
Electrolux Professional is dependent on maintaining its reputation. 
Electrolux Professional’s brands and trademarks, including the licensed brand component Electrolux and the 
licensed brand Zanussi, have worldwide recognition, and the Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain 
and enhance its reputation and brand image. Electrolux Professional would be adversely affected if it fails to 
achieve these objectives or if, whether or not justified, the reputation or perception of any of its brands is materially 
tarnished or receives extensive negative publicity. In addition, extensive adverse publicity about regulatory or legal 
actions against Electrolux Professional would also damage its reputation and brand image, undermine its 
customers’ confidence in the Group and reduce long-term demand for its products, even if the regulatory or legal 
action is unfounded or not material to its operations. The degree to which a harmed reputation may affect 
Electrolux Professional is uncertain and presents a significant risk to demand for the Group’s products.

--- Page 12 ---
12(51) 
 
In addition, Electrolux Professional’s success in maintaining, extending and expanding its brand image depends 
on the Group’s ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including its increasing reliance on social 
media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Negative posts or comments about Electrolux 
Professional on social medias and other websites that spread rapidly through such forums could seriously damage 
its reputation and brand image. 
There are two separate global groups whose brands and trademarks consist of “Electrolux”. Accordingly, since 
both Electrolux Professional and Electrolux use a commercial name and trademark that include “Electrolux”, any 
negative occurrences or publicity about Electrolux could potentially hurt Electrolux Professional’s reputation and 
brand image, undermine confidence in the Group and reduce demand for its products, even if Electrolux 
Professional is not involved in the potential negative occurrence or publicity. 
Electrolux Professional is dependent on attracting and retaining key employees. 
Dedicated employees and committed managers play an important role in Electrolux Professional achieving its 
targets and visions. Electrolux Professional depends upon the continued services and performance of its key 
executives, senior management and skilled personnel. For example, in Electrolux Professional’s operations, 
specialist welders are important in some of the Group’s manufacturing processes. Going forward, however, the 
industry may face a shortage of digital competence necessary to drive and keep the pace of the digital 
transformation. In addition, as digitalization and connectivity are becoming increasingly important differentiators 
within the industry, hiring and retaining engineers possessing the relevant qualifications is key for the Group. Any 
inability to hire, develop, engage and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees would materially hinder 
the Group’s business by, for example, impairing its ability to successfully develop new products, delaying its 
ability to bring new products to market or impairing its ability to successfully identify new business opportunities 
and execute its strategy. There is also a risk that skilled employees leave Electrolux Professional for competitors. 
If such resigning employees who are familiar with Electrolux Professional also take with them other skilled 
employees, this risk is accentuated. There is a risk that this leads to future shortfalls in income or increased costs 
and thereby have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
In a business environment characterized by strong competition, it is important to attract and retain employees 
possessing the right skills, experience and values. However, this can be particularly challenging in emerging 
markets where there is intense competition for skilled employees and the overall pool of skills may be limited. If 
this leads to increased remuneration levels, it would adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s results of 
operations. In 2023, salaries and remuneration to employees amounted to SEK 2,912m. Conversely, if Electrolux 
Professional were to offer excessively low remuneration levels, there is a risk that employees choose to terminate 
their employments, which would adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s competitiveness and business. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks associated with mergers, acquisitions and divestments. 
Part of the Group’s strategy depends on accelerating growth through acquisitions. Execution of this strategy 
requires the continued pursuit of potential acquisitions and investments and on the Group’s ability to identify 
suitable acquisition candidates and investment opportunities. For example, in 2021, the Group completed the 
acquisition of Unified Brands, a U.S. based manufacturer of food service equipment. The acquisition was part of 
the Group’s growth strategy and was made in order to grow presence in the U.S. and expand the important chains 
segment of the professional equipment industry. As a further example, in 2024, the Group completed the 
acquisition of Tosei Corporation, a Japanese manufacturer of professional laundry equipment and vacuum packing 
machines. The acquisition was made in order to strengthen the Group’s position in Japan. However, there is a risk 
that, in the future, Electrolux Professional will be unable to carry out strategic mergers and acquisitions due to, for 
example, competition from other buyers, merger control issues, other regulatory restrictions (such as the foreign 
direct investment rules (applicable to both Swedish and foreign investors) which entered into force in Sweden on 
December 1, 2023, which allows foreign direct investments to be screened for security risks and, if the competent 
authority deems it necessary, restricted or prohibited) or increased indebtedness. The limited amount of companies 
within the segments that fulfill Electrolux Professional’s strategical requirements may also be an impeding factor. 
If Electrolux Professional fails to carry out strategic mergers and acquisitions, this would adversely affect the 
Group’s expansion and ability to capture further growth. 
Mergers and acquisitions also give rise to risks related to the integration of new businesses and employees. Hence, 
in conjunction with mergers and acquisitions, it is important to retain key employees and to have a well-functioning 
and effective integration process. There is a risk that dissatisfaction arises among the personnel of the acquired 
business and Electrolux Professional’s personnel, and that this ultimately leads to key employees choosing to 
terminate their employments. In addition, Electrolux Professional may incur significant acquisition costs and

--- Page 13 ---
13(51) 
 
restructuring costs or other costs in connection with mergers and acquisitions. There is also a risk that anticipated 
synergies will not be realized, or that additional integration costs will be required in order to achieve synergies. 
Following mergers and acquisitions, there is also a risk that business relations with customers, dealers, distributors 
and suppliers change or cease, making it difficult for Electrolux Professional to successfully achieve anticipated 
synergies. These risks are accentuated in conjunction with acquisitions of companies with a product offering 
similar to Electrolux Professional, or who operates in the same segments or regions as the Group does. 
Electrolux Professional may also be required to take on additional indebtedness or issue equity in order to finance 
acquisitions, and these financing options may not be available on favorable terms at the required times. There is 
also a risk that due diligence reviews, if carried out, do not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate 
the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory 
sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities. Such issues may be particularly relevant with 
respect to environmental aspects (see “Electrolux Professional is exposed to environmental risks” below). There 
is also a risk that Electrolux Professional will need to take an impairment charge on the goodwill or other intangible 
assets in conjunction with divestments or acquisitions (see “Electrolux Professional is exposed to inventory and 
asset risks” below). Risks associated with mergers and acquisitions thus present a significant risk for the Group. 
Legal risks 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to compliance-related risks. 
Electrolux Professional’s global operations expose the Group to risks related to sustainability factors such as 
human rights, employment conditions and corruption. These risks arise in several phases of the production chain, 
such as in purchasing and sales. Electrolux Professional conducts operations in certain jurisdictions where there is 
considered to be a heightened risk of corruption, particularly insofar as it includes public procurement. Such 
operations may thus result in an increased risk of corruption. Moreover, violations of anti-corruption legislation 
that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, civil or administrative sanctions or lead to Electrolux Professional 
being excluded from participating in public tenders would have a material adverse effect on Electrolux 
Professional’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial position. Corruption-related incidents or 
accusations against suppliers and other third parties with whom Electrolux Professional has a commercial 
relationship risk leading to adverse publicity that would damage Electrolux Professional’s reputation, even if 
Electrolux Professional is not involved. 
Trade sanctions, such as trade barriers, asset freezes and embargoes, and export controls imposed by the EU, the 
UN, other organizations or individual countries, may prohibit or restrict business activities between companies in 
different countries. Such prohibitions and restrictions can be imposed at short notice and are difficult to predict. 
The introduction of new or changed trade restrictions may limit the ability of Electrolux Professional to operate 
across national borders.  
Electrolux Professional conducts operations in jurisdictions in which there might be entities and individuals subject 
to international sanctions (so-called SDNs or blocked persons) or other jurisdictions to which might be subject to 
comprehensive sanctions regimes. Electrolux Professional do not conduct business in, for example, Russia or 
Belarus (since 2022). Sanctions laws are complex, and their applicability to a given circumstance can often be 
subject to interpretation and be difficult to determine with certainty. The operations in such jurisdictions may thus 
result in an increased risk of alleged sanctions violations in respect of past, ongoing or future business activities, 
or that the Group becomes subject to investigations or claims, which (regardless of actual violation or not) may 
have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial 
position. Sanctions regimes are also subject to frequent changes, which could require Electrolux Professional to 
cease or limit its involvement in affected markets. There is also a risk that Electrolux Professional may be subject 
to sanctions if it does not fully comply with the trade sanctions imposed. 
Electrolux Professional’s product portfolio has historically been of such a nature that the products have generally 
been deemed to not be subject to export control rules. However, the increasing importance of digitalization and 
connectivity means that the Group’s products in the future will contain more advanced technology and software 
solutions. Combined with the fact that several major trading parties around the world are creating and broadening 
their regulations concerning, for example, export controls and national security, there is a risk that Electrolux 
Professional’s products may, in the future, fall within the scope of export control rules, which would demand 
greater future cash flows, increased administration, additional internal controls and, in certain cases, trading 
restrictions. 
In addition, Electrolux Professional is dependent on the compliance by its employees, suppliers and other third 
parties with laws and regulations, as well as internal governance documents and policies. Breaches of, or non-

--- Page 14 ---
14(51) 
 
compliance with, applicable laws and regulations would adversely affect Electrolux Professional’s business and 
reputation. Such behavior include, for example, non-compliance with laws and regulations related to public 
procurement and competition law, money laundering, IT security and data protection (including GDPR), corporate 
governance, export controls and trade sanctions, IFRS and other rules relating to accounting and financial 
reporting, the environment, the work environment, business ethics and equal treatment. There is also a risk that 
internal governance documents, policies and codes of conduct are not at all times adequate and fully effective, 
particularly if the Group is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately identified or anticipated. 
Electrolux Professional also faces the risk that its executives make decisions that are not in compliance with the 
Group’s strategies, corporate governance practices, internal guidelines and policy documents. If Electrolux 
Professional’s internal controls and other measures to safeguard compliance with laws, regulations, internal 
guidelines and policies are insufficient, there is a risk that the Group’s reputation is damaged and that it becomes 
subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions and/or exposed to civil or criminal liability. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to environmental risks. 
Electrolux Professional’s manufacturing is subject to numerous international, national and local environmental, 
health and safety directives, laws and regulations, including those pertaining to the storage, handling, treatment, 
transportation and disposal of hazardous and toxic materials, the construction and operation of plants and standards 
relating to energy efficiency and the discharge of pollutants to air, soil and water, under which the requirements 
and standards are continuously subject to changes. Some of the Group’s manufacturing facilities require permits 
for their operations, which include thresholds or maximum permissible amounts for air- and water-borne emissions 
and noise, and also require Electrolux Professional to submit notifications, reports and/or documentation to 
relevant authorities. Any severe non-compliance or disputes risk resulting in the imposition of fines, penalties or 
liens, or give rise to civil or criminal liability, which would have a material adverse effect on Electrolux 
Professional’s reputation and business.  
In addition, Electrolux Professional may be held liable to investigate and rectify contamination and emissions at 
the Group’s plants and on property which Electrolux Professional, or companies and businesses which the Group 
has acquired or with which it has merged, owns or has previously owned, irrespective of whether Electrolux 
Professional has caused the contamination or whether the operation that caused the contamination was lawful at 
the time the contamination occurred. For most of the Group’s facilities, operations have been conducted for a long 
period of time. This typically entails an increased risk of claims in relation to contaminations, as the environmental 
requirements on operations were generally less strict in the past compared to today. For example, in 2001, the 
Group divested a manufacturing unit in Sursee, Switzerland. In 2010, the Group was notified that the divested 
Sursee plant was contaminated with chlorinated solvents, which required the Group to compensate the acquirer 
with Swiss franc (“CHF”) 280,000. The acquirer has thereafter discovered further contaminations and claimed 
additional amounts from Electrolux Professional. The Group has made provisions for the claims totaling 
CHF 460,000. Environmental risks could be significant in relation to acquisitions and divestments involving 
property and manufacturing facilities.  
Electrolux Professional also risks being subject to claims from public authorities, private individuals, companies 
or other parties who request compensation for alleged personal injury, property damage or damage to nature caused 
by contamination or hazardous substances resulting from Electrolux Professional’s business, manufacturing units 
or products. Discoveries of earlier unknown or new serious contamination, or demands for investigation and 
rectification of previously known such contamination at Electrolux Professional’s plants, risk leading to large and 
unexpected costs. The Group maintains provisions on its balance sheet for certain environmental remediation 
matters, which, as of December 31, 2023, amounted to SEK 36m. Risks of substantial costs and liabilities, 
including for the investigation and remediation of past or present contamination, are inherent in the Group’s 
ongoing operations, and its ownership and occupation of industrial properties thus present a significant risk. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to legal disputes and administrative proceedings. 
Electrolux Professional is involved in disputes in the ordinary course of its business. The disputes may concern, 
among other things, alleged defects in delivery of goods and services, warranty undertakings, supplier agreements, 
employment issues, patent rights and other intellectual property rights and other issues on rights and obligations 
that arise in connection with the Group’s operations. For example, in 2020 a supplier filed a lawsuit in Italy against 
Electrolux Professional for a significant amount regarding alleged damages related to products and prices during 
the contractual period and compensation for costs and damages resulting from the allegedly wrongful termination 
of the relevant supply agreement. Electrolux Professional may also be exposed to product liability claims in the 
event that one of its products is alleged to have caused property damage, bodily injury or other adverse effects

--- Page 15 ---
15(51) 
 
(including through the use in such products of components received from third party suppliers). Disputes may also 
arise in connection with mergers and acquisitions. 
In addition, the Group may be subject to investigations and legal proceedings brought by antitrust or competition 
authorities and any future negative decisions in competition law proceedings risk leading to administrative fines 
and liability in damages, which sometimes involve significant amounts depending on the circumstances of the 
individual case. Any regulatory actions taken, or penalties imposed by competition or regulatory authorities 
globally, may also limit Electrolux Professional’s possibilities to conduct and expand its operations in certain 
countries, thus presenting a significant risk to the Group’s growth strategy. 
Disputes and investigations may prove costly, be time consuming and disrupt normal operations. The financial, 
reputational and legal outcomes of material disputes are uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to 
Electrolux Professional, since a disadvantageous outcome of such disputes or investigations would have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial position. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to intellectual property rights. 
Electrolux Professional’s intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, design rights, copyright, trade 
secrets and related rights, are a significant and valuable aspect of the Group’s business. Electrolux Professional is 
also a licensee of intellectual property, such as the “Electrolux” component of the Electrolux Professional brand 
and trademark and the Zanussi brand and trademark (to which Electrolux retains ownership and issues licenses to 
Electrolux Professional under a long-term trademark license agreement), which are some of the Group’s most 
important intellectual property rights. Being a licensee of intellectual property entails certain obligations and 
restrictions with respect to use of the intellectual property, as a consequence of which Electrolux Professional does 
not enjoy the same freedom to use the licensed brands and trademarks as it would if Electrolux Professional had 
owned the intellectual property in question. If, for example, Electrolux Professional were to violate material terms 
in the licensing agreement, it could lead to Electrolux Professional losing its right to use the intellectual property. 
Any material failure to obtain, renew or adequately protect Electrolux Professional’s intellectual property rights 
may negatively affect its competitiveness, if, for example, Electrolux Professional would no longer be able to use 
certain trademarks or another entity sells products of low quality under any of Electrolux Professional’s brands or 
features or otherwise misrepresents such trademarks. 
Electrolux Professional has applied for intellectual property protection in multiple jurisdictions with respect to 
certain innovations and new products, product features and processes. For example, in 2023, Electrolux 
Professional submitted more than ten unique patent applications to authorities in various jurisdictions. However, 
there is a risk that the intellectual property rights that Electrolux Professional owns is challenged or invalidated, 
or that third parties circumvent the Group’s patents by modifying the designs. Moreover, the laws and procedures 
of certain foreign countries in which the Group operates, such as China, make it more challenging to protect and 
enforce intellectual property rights than, for example, in Europe or the United States. A severe deterioration in the 
protection of intellectual property rights would weaken the Group’s competitive advantage with respect to its 
products, services, and brands in the countries concerned. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that other parties assert intellectual property rights that cover some of Electrolux 
Professional’s technology, patents, brands, products or services. In addition, if the Group, within the area of 
product development, finds its solutions or inventions already protected by other parties’ intellectual property 
rights, the Group may need to redesign or adapt its products, which may make the Group’s product development 
more difficult, more costly and take longer time. There is also a risk that litigations and disputes regarding patents, 
trademarks or other intellectual property are costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of the Group’s 
management and key personnel from the Group’s business operations. Electrolux Professional may also be 
required to pay royalties in order to continue to use a certain patent or trademark should the Group infringe another 
parties’ intellectual property rights. The Group also risks being liable for significant damages or subject to 
injunctions prohibiting production and sale of certain products, which would have a material adverse effect on its 
results of operations and financial position.  
Electrolux Professional is exposed to tax risks. 
The Group is comprised of subsidiaries that are subject to taxation in approximately 31 jurisdictions. Accordingly, 
the Company is subject to taxation in Sweden as well as in other jurisdictions. In 2021–2023, Electrolux 
Professional’s tax expense (as included in income for the period) totaled SEK 101m, SEK 209m and SEK 259m, 
respectively, and its effective tax rate amounted to 17.1, 23.3 and 25.0 percent, respectively. There is a risk that 
Electrolux Professional’s understanding and interpretation of tax laws, tax treaties and other provisions is not 
correct in all respects. There is also a risk that tax authorities in the relevant jurisdictions make assessments and

--- Page 16 ---
16(51) 
 
decisions that differ from Electrolux Professional’s understanding and interpretation of the aforementioned laws, 
tax treaties and other provisions, which risks to negatively impact the Group’s tax expenses and effective tax rate. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which may apply retroactively, 
may have a material adverse effect on Electrolux Professional’s results. 
Electrolux Professional’s projections of future taxable income are based on management’s estimates and 
assumptions. Accordingly, there is a risk that changes in assumptions or erroneous estimates in the projection of 
future taxable income result in significant differences in the valuation of deferred taxes. As of December 31, 2023, 
Electrolux Professional had a net amount of SEK 427m recognized as deferred tax assets in excess of deferred tax 
liability. As of December 31, 2023, the Group had tax loss carry-forwards and other deductible temporary 
differences of SEK 8m, which have not been included in the computation of deferred tax assets. Material 
differences in such assumptions thus present a significant risk for Electrolux Professional. 
Furthermore, in recent years, tax authorities have increased the focus on transfer pricing, an area of high 
complexity. Transfer pricing related disputes often concern significant amounts and may sometimes take several 
years to conclude. Negative outcomes in transfer pricing related reviews and disputes may have a material adverse 
effect on Electrolux Professional’s tax position. From time to time, Electrolux Professional is also involved in 
other tax disputes, tax audits and litigations of varying significance and scope. Such processes can lead to lengthy 
proceedings over several years and may require Electrolux Professional to pay substantial additional tax, and thus 
present a significant risk for the Group.  
Electrolux Professional is exposed to employment law related risks. 
As of December 31, 2023, Electrolux Professional had 3,978 employees in approximately 30 countries. The Group 
thus needs to comply with several employment-related laws and regulations with various levels of employee 
protection. If such laws and regulations were to be amended in a way that reduces the employer’s flexibility or 
imposes additional administrative or financial burden on the employer, it would have a negative effect on 
Electrolux Professional’s business. 
Electrolux Professional is also subject to separate collective bargaining agreements with certain labor unions, for 
example in Italy and Sweden, with different durations, and the Group periodically negotiates with certain of the 
unions representing their employees. However, there is a risk that the Group will not be able to renew collective 
bargaining agreements on favorable terms. Such renegotiations may also cause disruptions to the operations and 
increase the risk of industrial conflict measures. Accordingly, within its own business or within the business of 
suppliers or other third parties, Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to strikes or other industrial 
conflict measures, which, if they last for a long period or encompass a substantial part of the workforce in a major 
or important part of the business, would create disruptions and delays in the operations. Employment law related 
risks thus present a significant risk for the Group. 
Financial risks 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to currency risks. 
Electrolux Professional’s solutions and products are manufactured in 13 facilities located in eight countries around 
the world and sold in over 110 countries. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to currency risks. Foreign exchange 
risk is defined as the risk that fluctuations in currency exchange rates have a negative impact on the Company’s 
financial position, profitability or cash flow and includes transaction exposure and translation exposure. 
Transaction exposure is defined as the confirmed future net of operational and financial in- and outflows of 
currencies, and relates primarily to internal sales from producing entities to sales companies or external exposures 
from purchasing of components and input material for the production paid in foreign currency. Translation 
exposure is defined as the risk that fluctuations in currency exchange rates have a negative impact on the balance 
sheet or consolidated equity, and occurs when a portion of consolidated equity/net assets or a financial asset or 
liability are denominated in a foreign currency. 
Furthermore, the net of assets and liabilities in foreign subsidiaries constitute a net investment in foreign currency, 
which generates a translation difference in the consolidation of the Group. This exposure sometimes impacts the 
Group’s total comprehensive income and capital structure. 
The major net export currencies that Electrolux Professional is exposed to are Thai baht (“THB”), EUR and SEK. 
The major import currencies that Electrolux Professional is exposed to are USD, British pound (“GBP”), Chinese 
renminbi (“CNY”), Turkish lira (“TRY”), Norwegian kroner (“NOK”) and Danish kroner (“DKK”). These 
currencies represent the majority of the exposures of the Group. As a static calculation at year-end 2023, a change 
up or down by 10 percent in USD, GBP and EUR, respectively, would have impacted the Group’s profit and loss

--- Page 17 ---
17(51) 
 
in 2023 by approximately SEK +/- 94m, SEK +/- 19m and SEK +/- 17m, respectively. There is a risk that hedging 
transactions, if carried out, and any increased prices in order to counter the effects of changes in exchange rates 
are insufficient to protect the Group from currency exchange movements. Extensive currency exchange 
movements present a significant risk to Electrolux Professional. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to liquidity and financing risks. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to liquidity risk in that it may be unable to meet payment obligations because 
it has insufficient cash at its disposal, which may in turn arise from matters outside of its control, such as a credit 
crisis or severe adverse economic conditions in the countries in which the Group operates.  
In addition, Electrolux Professional is exposed to the risk that financing of the Group’s capital requirements and 
refinancing of existing borrowings is more difficult or costly in the future. The Group’s borrowings comprise 
primarily a Revolving Credit Facility with the Group’s core-banking group and two bilateral term loans. 
Furthermore, a commercial paper program has been established on September 7, 2023, with a framework amount 
of SEK 2,000m. There is a risk that financing will not continue to be available to the Group on acceptable terms. 
The Group’s financing agreements may also contain certain restrictive conditions with respect to, for example, 
further loans, restrictions on acquisitions as well as divestments and pledging of assets. Such conditions may limit 
the Group’s ability to secure additional capital or financing through new loans or the sale of assets. If the Group 
breaches such financial conditions, outstanding amounts payable under such financing agreements may also 
become immediately due and payable. 
On December 22, 2023 Electrolux Professional entered into a bridge facility, provided by SEB and Danske Bank. 
The purpose of the bridge facility is to finance the acquisition of Tosei Corporation. The bridge facility is intended 
to be refinanced during 2024 with long term debt. 
As of December 31, 2023, Electrolux Professional’s net debt amounted to SEK 1,390m. If the Group’s 
indebtedness increases, there is a risk that this increases Electrolux Professional’s vulnerability to, and reduces its 
flexibility to address, general economic and industry-related conditions. Moreover, it would restrict the Group’s 
flexibility with respect to planning for, or reacting to, changes in Electrolux Professional’s business, competitive 
landscape and the industry in which Electrolux Professional operates, and adversely affect the Group’s 
competitiveness, especially if its indebtedness exceeds that of its competitors. 
There is a risk that extensive decreases in the Group’s creditworthiness or profitability, significant increases in 
interest rates and considerable decreases in the availability of credit or the tightening of terms required by lenders 
would limit the Group’s access to capital, including its ability to issue additional debt and equity. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to credit risks. 
Credit risk on financial transactions is the risk that the counterpart is not able to fulfil its contractual obligations 
related to the Group’s investments of liquid funds and derivatives. Credit risks also arise in connection with trade 
receivables. Electrolux Professional’s client base is characterized by a mix of recurring customers such as 
distributors and one-time customers, as well as multi operator stores or spare-parts customers. If Electrolux 
Professional is unable to fully collect its trade receivable from major customers, the Group’s results of operations 
would be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2023, trade receivables, net of provisions for expected credit 
losses, amounted to SEK 1,980m, and the total provision for expected credit losses was SEK 76m. If the expected 
credit loss rates on trade receivables between 16 and 60 days past due had been 10 percent higher as of 
December 31, 2023, the loss allowance on trade receivables would have increased SEK 8.8m. If the expected 
credit loss rates on trade receivables between 61 and 180 days past due had been 10 percent higher/lower as of 
December 31, 2023, the loss allowance on trade receivables would have increased/decreased SEK 6.5m. Any 
significantly higher than expected defaults or changes in the financial situation of an important customer would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s credit losses and, in turn, its liquidity, results of operations or 
financial position. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to interest-rate risks. 
Interest-rate risk refers to the adverse effects of changes in interest rates on the Group’s income. The main factors 
determining this risk include the interest-fixing period. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s average interest-
fixing period was 1.1 years. Derivatives, such as interest-rate swap agreements, might be used to manage the 
interest-rate risk by changing the interest from fixed to floating or vice versa. As a static calculation as of 
December 31, 2023, a one percentage point shift in interest rates would impact the Group’s interest expenses by 
approximately SEK +/- 13m. Increased market rates that, to a significant extent, affect Electrolux Professional’s 
interest costs would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial position.

--- Page 18 ---
18(51) 
 
Electrolux Professional is subject to risks related to its pension obligations 
Electrolux Professional sponsors defined benefit pensions obligations in various countries, for example in 
Switzerland, Italy, France and Germany. Under defined benefit pension plans, the Company enters into a 
commitment to provide post-employment benefits based upon one or several parameters for which the outcome is 
not known at present. For example, benefits can be based on final salary, on career average salary, or on a fixed 
amount of money per year of employment. In 2023, Electrolux Professional’s net provisions for post-employment 
benefits amounted to SEK 98m.  
There are mainly three categories of risks related to defined benefit obligations and pension plans. Firstly, 
increased longevity and inflation of salary and pensions may increase the future pension payments and, hence, 
increase the pension obligation. Secondly, pension plan assets are invested in a variety of financial instruments 
and are exposed to market fluctuations. Finally, the discount rate used for measuring the present value of the 
obligation may fluctuate which impacts the valuation of the Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO). The discount rate 
also impacts the size of the interest income and expense that is reported in the Financial items and the service cost. 
Expected inflation and mortality assumptions are based on local conditions in each country and changes in those 
assumptions affect the measured obligation.  
As a static calculation as of December 31, 2023, a +1 year change in longevity, a +0.5 percent change in inflation, 
and a +/-1 percent change in the discount rate would have affected the Group’s defined benefit obligations with 
SEK 26m, SEK 12m and SEK - 99m/+SEK 120m, respectively. In 2024, Electrolux Professional expects to pay a 
total of SEK 15m in contributions to the pension funds and as payments of benefits directly to the employees. 
Changed financial assumptions present a significant risk to the Group’s costs for defined benefit obligations and 
thereby its results of operations and financial position. 
Electrolux Professional is exposed to risks related to valuation of inventory and goodwill. 
Electrolux Professional carries significant inventories of goods and spare parts produced and held by several 
production and sales units in many countries. Inventories and work in progress are valued at the lower of cost, at 
normal capacity utilization, and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale at market value. In 2023, the cost of inventories recognized as expense and included in cost of goods sold 
amounted to SEK 6,479m for the Group. Electrolux Professional writes down product and component inventories 
that have become obsolete or do not meet anticipated demand or net realizable value. In 2023, write-downs due to 
obsolescence amounted to SEK 102m and reversals of previous write-downs amounted to SEK 190m for the 
Group. If management’s estimates with respect to valuation of inventory prove to be significantly incorrect, this 
would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial position. 
As of December 31, 2023, Electrolux Professional reported goodwill of SEK 3,290m as well as other intangible 
assets of SEK 837m, corresponding in total to approximately 36 percent of the Group’s balance sheet assets. 
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment yearly or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the 
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its recoverable amount 
based on the best information available. Different methods are used for this evaluation, depending on the 
availability of information. When available, market value is used and impairment charges have been recorded 
when the information indicated that the carrying amount of an asset was not recoverable. In the majority of cases, 
however, market value is not available, and the fair value is estimated by using the discounted cash flow method 
based on expected future results. Significant differences in the estimation of expected future results and the 
discount rates used would result in different asset valuations. Such significant differences and major inventory or 
asset related impairments or write-downs would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations or financial position. 
Risks related to the Notes 
The claims of Noteholders are structurally subordinated 
Electrolux Professional’s operations are to some extent conducted through subsidiaries and other companies within 
the Group. Accordingly, Electrolux Professional can be dependent on operations of other companies within the 
Group to service its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the 
claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including creditors of the subsidiaries, and structurally 
and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all the Electrolux Professional’s and its 
subsidiaries’ and other companies within the Group’s secured creditors. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, 
liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of the subsidiaries or other companies 
within the Group, unsecured creditors of such companies, secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred

--- Page 19 ---
19(51) 
 
by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will generally have the right to be paid in full 
before any distribution is made to the Company. Hence, there is a risk that a Noteholder loses part of or its entire 
investment in the Notes, should Electrolux Professional, or any subsidiary or other company within the Group, 
experience difficulties with meeting its financial obligations through an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, 
reorganization, dissolution or winding up of the business. 
Electrolux Professional may provide collateral for other debt 
Electrolux Professional finances a portion of its operations through bank loans and other debt instruments. The 
Terms and Conditions do not contain any negative pledge undertaking other than in relation to Market Loans and, 
consequently, Electrolux Professional may retain, provide or renew security over its current or future assets to 
secure existing or additional bank loans. As of December 31, 2023, Electrolux Professional nor any of its 
subsidiaries has provided any security over any of its assets. Hence, should Electrolux Professional provide 
collateral for debt other than the Notes, there is a risk that there will not be sufficient funds to repay the Noteholders 
in the event of Electrolux Professional’s liquidation, reorganization or bankruptcy. 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions 
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. The value of 
such Notes is highly influenced by the market interest rate level. As the market interest rate level changes, the 
value of the Notes with a fixed interest rate typically changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market interest 
rate level increases, the market value of such Notes falls and if the general interest rate level falls, the market value 
of such Notes increases. Since the price of Notes is adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate level, 
there is a risk that Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. 
Notes with a floating interest rate bear interest with a floating rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. A 
decrease in the general interest rate level generally means that the return of Notes bearing floating interest rate 
may decrease. Investments in Notes with floating interest can be subject to fast and substantial interest rate 
variations. There is a risk that the Base Rate decreases during the term of the Notes, whereby the Interest Rate will 
decrease or even be zero. Such a decrease of the Interest Rate presents a significant risk to the return on a 
Noteholder’s investment. 
Notes with zero coupon bears no interest and may be issued at a discount, par or premium. The price is normally 
determined by the market interest rate level. When there is a positive market interest rate, the Notes with zero 
coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market value of such notes may be adversely affected by changes 
in the market interest rate level. If the market interest rate level increases in relation to the level at the issue date, 
the market value of zero coupon Notes will typically decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in the market 
interest rate will result in Noteholders losing all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. Notes issued 
at a discount or premium tend to fluctuate more as a result of a change in the market interest rate than Notes issued 
at par. 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of benchmarks, including STIBOR 
In order to ensure the reliability of reference rates, legislative action at EU level has been taken. Hence, the 
Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 of the European parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and 
amending 
Directives 
2008/48/EC 
and 
2014/17/EU 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
no 
596/2014 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”) which regulates the provision of reference values, reporting of data bases for 
reference values and use of reference values within the EU. There is a risk that the benchmark regulation may 
affect how certain reference rates are calculated. These reforms may cause STIBOR to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. If this would be the case 
for STIBOR, and e.g. the relevant fallback solution evident from the Terms and Conditions should not work 
properly or negatively for either or both of Electrolux Professional or the Noteholders, this may lead to difficulties 
with determination and calculating interest which in turn risks leading to costly and time consuming discussions 
(and maybe even disputes) in respect of the matter, which in each case risks having an adverse effect on Electrolux 
Professional and/or the Noteholders. 
Secondary market and liquidity 
There is normally no significant real time trading in MTN on a Regulated Market on which the MTNs may be 
admitted to trading. Trading conducted in MTN is normally conducted outside the trading venue through so-called 
Over-The-Counter (OTC) trading. This can apply throughout its duration, and there is therefore a risk that a 
functioning secondary market for MTN will not arise or persist. If a secondary market for MTN does not develop,

--- Page 20 ---
20(51) 
 
liquidity may be low. As a result, rapidly selling an MTN or obtaining a price may be associated with difficulties 
compared to similar investment that have a liquid secondary market. In addition, the transparency of the bond 
market, primarily the OTC transactions, is called into question, as it is mainly based on the financial institutions 
involved in OTC trading reporting this correctly. The SFSA has in a 2019 supervisory report, FI Supervision No. 
15 – New rules resulted in reduced transparency on the Swedish Bond markets, noted that information about 
transactions on the bond market is sometimes so difficult to find that it can be uncertain as to whether this is 
because it has never been published or whether it is simply very difficult to access, which is contributing to the 
low level of transparency. For Noteholders, there is consequently a risk that the secondary market will not give an 
accurate picture of the market value of the Notes. 
Credit rating of MTN may not reflect all risks 
One or more credit rating agencies may rate Loans issued under the Programme, which will be specified in the 
Final Terms. There is a risk that such a rating has not factored in all the risks associated with investment in the 
Loan. A credit rating is therefore not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and can be changed or 
revoked by the credit rating agencies at any time. Credit ratings that Electrolux Professional has been awarded 
may differ from the credit rating obtained for a Loan, which is why an investor cannot rely exclusively on the 
credit rating provided. In the event a credit rating is provided for the Notes in the Final Terms, a deterioration in 
the Group’s creditworthiness may have a negative impact on the credit rating awarded for the Notes, while a poorer 
credit rating from a credit rating agency may adversely affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21(51) 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans that 
Electrolux Professional AB (publ) (Swedish Corporate ID. no. 556003-0354) (the “Company”) issues on the 
capital market under an agreement that has been entered into on March 11, 2024 between the Company and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial regarding the MTN 
Programme (the “MTN Programme”) by issuing notes in SEK or EUR with varying maturities, although not less 
than one year, known as Medium Term Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set out above, the following terms will have the meaning set out below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorized to operate as an account operator 
(kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) 
om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which a Noteholder 
has opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the Loan Amount less the amount of MTN owned by the Company, 
or a Group Company, regardless of whether such Group Company is directly registered as the owner 
of such MTN or not. 
“Administrative Agent” means: 
(c) 
if Loans have been issued through two or more Issuing Agents, the Issuing Agent designated 
by the Company as being responsible for certain administrative tasks relating to the Loan 
according to the Final Terms; and 
(d) 
if loans have been issued through only one Issuing Agent, the Issuing Agent. 
“Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Dealer replacing it as Arranger. 
“Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or EURIBOR as 
specified in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance 
with Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Business Day” means a day that is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or that, in respect 
of the payment of promissory notes, is not equated with a public holiday in Sweden. Saturdays, 
Midsummer’s Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year’s Eve (nyårsafton) 
will be considered to be equated to public holidays for this definition.  
“Currency” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a particular calculation period, the 
calculation method specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
If the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be calculated 
for a year with 360 days, consisting of twelve months each of 30 days, and during the broken 
month the actual number of days that have elapsed in the month. 
(b) 
If the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige Filial as well as any other dealer agent that has been specifically authorized by Euroclear 
Sweden to handle and register issues in the VPC system (emissionsinstitut), and which accedes to this 
MTN Programme, although only provided such institution has not ceased to act as a dealer agent. 
“Debt Register” means the register (skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the Notes in 
which a Noteholder is registered.

--- Page 22 ---
22(51) 
 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on page 
EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other page as 
replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European Reference Banks 
for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the currency used by the participating Member States in accordance with 
the European Union’s regulations for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU). 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Swedish Corporate ID. no. 556112-8074). 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current time, are 
quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Final Terms” means the Final Terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme 
in accordance with the form of Final Terms under the section “Form of Final Terms” below (with the 
additions and amendments that may be made from time to time). 
“Group” means the corporate group in which the Company is the parent company (the terms group 
and parent company refer to that which is specified in the Swedish Companies Act (Aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)), as amended from time to time).  
“Group Company” means any legal entity that, from time to time, forms part of the Group. 
“Insolvent” means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability 
to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the 
Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant 
jurisdiction). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from which interest 
(where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Issuing Agent” means, according to the Final Terms, the Dealer(s) under this MTN Programme 
through which a particular Loan has been carried out. 
“Loan” means any loan from a particular series, encompassing one or more MTN, which the 
Company issue under this MTN Programme. 
“Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect of a particular 
Loan, although less any repaid amount. 
“Loan Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Loan Terms and Conditions” means for a particular Loan, these General Terms and Conditions as 
well as the Final Terms for said Loan.  
“Market Loans” means issuing certificates, bonds or other securities (including loans under the MTN 
or other market loan programme), which are sold, brokered or invested in an organized form and 
which are or may be traded on a Regulated Market.  
“Material Group Companies” means the Company and each Group Company representing (on a 
consolidated basis) more than five (5) percent of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as set out 
in the most recent published audited financial statements of such Group Company and the Company.

--- Page 23 ---
23(51) 
 
“Maturity Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date on which an MTN is to be repaid. 
“MTN” means an unilateral debt obligation regarding a Nominal Amount that has been registered 
under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler 
och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), and which forms part of a Loan issued by the Company 
under this MTN Programme. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each MTN specified in the Final Terms. 
“Noteholder” means the party listed on the Securities Account as the directly registered owner 
(ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) of an MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting with the Noteholders in accordance with Section 12 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means the fifth Business Day before (or another Business Day before the relevant 
date that may generally be applied to the Swedish bond market) (i) the due date for interest or the 
principal under the Loan Terms and Conditions, (ii) another date on which payment is to be made to 
Noteholders, (iii) the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting, (iv) the date on which the notification is 
dispatched, or (v) another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means those Dealers designated under this MTN Programme or such replacement 
banks which, at the relevant time, quote an interest rate for STIBOR and which are designated by the 
Administrative Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments. 
“Securities Account” means the securities account with Euroclear Sweden under the Swedish 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument), in which (i) an owner of a security is directly registered as the owner of 
securities or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
“Settlement Date” means the date on which, according to the Final Terms, the issue proceeds for 
MTN are to be paid. 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant 
day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page “STIBOR=” (or through such 
other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period 
comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for 
deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or  
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable estimate of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in Stockholm interbank market for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the legal currency in Sweden. 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Rate Structure, Interest Rate, Base Rate Margin, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date(s), Interest Period and Currency can be found (where 
applicable) in the Final Terms.  
1.3 
When calculating whether a limit described in Swedish Kronor has been reached or exceeded, an 
amount in another currency shall be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate that applied on the 
Business Day immediately prior to the relevant time and that is published on the Refinitiv’s website 
“SEKFIX=” (or through such other system or on such other website that replaces said system or

--- Page 24 ---
24(51) 
 
website respectively) or, if no such exchange rate is published, the exchange rate for such currency 
against Swedish Kronor the mentioned date as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) 
on its website (www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN in Swedish Kronor or Euros with a 
maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in multiple tranches without the 
approval of any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that the terms of such tranches are 
identical with the exception of Loan Date, Loan Amount, price per MTN and Issuing Agent. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Noteholder accepts that its MTN will have those entitlements 
and be subject to those terms and conditions arising from the Loan Terms and Conditions. By 
acquiring MTN, each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN, as well as to comply in other 
respects with the Loan Terms and Conditions for the Loans taken out under this MTN Programme. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company must enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more dealer agents, which will be the Issuing Agent(s) 
for said Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together with these General 
Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms and Conditions. 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered in a securities account on behalf of Noteholders, which is why no physical 
securities will be issued. Any request for a particular registration measure in respect of MTN must be 
addressed to the Account Operator. 
3.2 
Anyone who, due to mandates, pledges, the provisions in the Children and Parents Code 
(föräldrabalken), terms and conditions in wills or deeds of gift, or has otherwise acquired the 
entitlement to receive payment under an MTN, must have their right to receive payment registered 
with Euroclear Sweden in order to receive such payment. 
3.3 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to receive information from Euroclear Sweden regarding the 
content of its Debt Register for MTN, in order to fulfil its duties in accordance with Section 11 
(Termination of loans) and Section 12 (Noteholders’ Meeting). Administrative Agents will not be 
responsible for the content of such extracts or otherwise be responsible for determining who is the 
Noteholder. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the Loan Terms 
and Conditions or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney or other proof of 
authorization from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proof of 
authorization starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder, or another party exercising the Noteholder’s rights pursuant to Section 4.1 above, may 
authorize one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in respect of some or all MTN held by the 
Noteholder. Any such authorized party must act independently.

--- Page 25 ---
25(51) 
 
4.3 
These General Terms and Conditions shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is 
the nominee (förvaltare) with respect to an MTN and the owner of such MTN, and it is the 
responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any restrictions that may apply to it in this 
capacity. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor must be made in Swedish Kronor, while 
payment in respect of MTN issued in Euros must be made in Euros. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of MTN must be made to the person who is registered as the Noteholder on the 
Record Date prior to the relevant due date, or to another person who is registered with Euroclear 
Sweden who is entitled to receive such payment. 
5.3 
If the Noteholder, through an Account Operator, has registered that the capital amount and interest 
are to be deposited in a particular bank account, this deposit will be made through Euroclear Sweden 
on the respective due date. 
5.4 
In the event Euroclear Sweden, due to a delay on the part of the Company or due to some other 
obstacle, should not be able to pay an amount as previously stated, the Company must ensure that the 
amount is paid as soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist. 
5.5 
If the Company is unable to fulfil its payment obligation through Euroclear Sweden due to an obstacle 
affecting Euroclear Sweden, the Company will be entitled to defer the payment obligation until the 
obstacle has ceased to exist. In such a case, interest will be payable in accordance with Section 7.2. 
5.6 
If it transpires that the person who has been allocated the amount in accordance with this Section 5 
was not entitled to receive this, the Company and Euroclear Sweden will nevertheless be deemed to 
have fulfilled their relevant obligations. However, this does not apply if the Company or Euroclear 
Sweden were aware that the amount had come into the wrong hands or had not been normally prudent. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on a particular Loan is calculated and paid (where applicable) in accordance with the Loan 
Terms and Conditions. 
6.2 
In the Final Terms, the relevant Interest Rate Structure will be specified according to one of the 
following options or in a combination thereof:  
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest 
Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity 
Date.  
Interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the respective Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method set out in 
the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan denominated in SEK or EUR is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan 
will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including 
the Maturity Date. The interest rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Administrative Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date, and is the sum of the 
Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of Section 13

--- Page 26 ---
26(51) 
 
(Replacement of Base Rate). If the calculation of the interest rate entails a value lower than 
zero, the interest rate will be considered to be zero. 
If the interest rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to an obstacle 
as referred to in Section 17.1, the Loan will continue to run at the interest rate that applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist, the 
Administrative Agent will calculate a new interest rate, which will apply from the second 
Business Day after the date of the estimate up until the end of the current Interest Period.  
Interest is paid in arrears on each relevant Interest Payment Date and is calculated according 
to the Day Count Convention for MTN in SEK and EUR for the relevant Interest Period, or 
by using such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may 
be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Interest (where applicable) is paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for Fixed Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, interest will not be 
paid until the following Business Day. However, interest is only calculated and payable up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date.  
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for Floating Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, the Interest Payment 
Date will instead be considered to be the nearest subsequent Business Day, provided that said Business 
Day does not fall in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be considered 
to be the preceding Business Day. 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue amount from 
its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a rate corresponding to the 
average of one week STIBOR for MTN denominated in SEK and one week EURIBOR for MTN 
denominated in EUR for the duration of the delay, plus two (2) percentage points in each case. For 
this purpose, STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar 
week for the duration of the period of default. Default interest in accordance with this Section 7.1 for 
interest-bearing Loans shall never be paid at an interest rate lower than the interest rate applicable to 
the relevant Loan on its relevant due date plus two (2) percentage points. Default interest shall not be 
capitalised. 
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer or Euroclear Sweden, default 
interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to: 
(a) 
for interest-bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due 
date. 
(b) 
for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR or EURIBOR respectively for the 
duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first 
Business Day of each calendar week for the duration of the period of default). 
8. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE 
8.1 
Loans fall due for payment on the Maturity Date, with the amount per MTN that is specified in the 
Final Terms along with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, however, the Loan is repaid on the following Business Day.

--- Page 27 ---
27(51) 
 
8.2 
The Company may, by agreement with the Noteholders, repurchase MTN at any time and at any price 
in the open market or otherwise provided this is compatible with applicable law. MTN that are owned 
by the Company may, according to the Company’s own decision, be retained, transferred or cancelled. 
9. 
REPURCHASE IN CASE OF CHANGE OF CONTROL 
9.1 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder, 
if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market; or 
(b) 
an event or a series of events occurs, resulting in a natural or legal person, individually or 
together with such related parties as referred to in the Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (lag 
(2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden), directly or indirectly, at 
some point acquiring or controlling more than fifty (50) percent of the shares or voting rights 
in the Company. 
9.2 
It is the responsibility of the Company, as soon as the Company becomes aware of a change of 
ownership as described in Section 9.1, to notify the Noteholders of this through a press release, on the 
Company’s website and in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notification must include 
instructions regarding how a Noteholder that wishes to have MTN repurchased should act, as well as 
specifying the repurchase date. 
9.3 
The repurchase date will fall at the earliest twenty (20) and at the latest forty (40) Business Days after 
the notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Noteholders in accordance with 
Section 9.2. However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall 
be deemed to be the Business Day immediately following. 
9.4 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase the 
relevant MTN on the repurchase date at the price per MTN that would have been repaid on the 
Maturity Date, together with accrued interest (if any). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per 
MTN calculated in accordance with Section 11.5 shall be paid instead. 
9.5 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be drafted in accordance 
with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Section 9.2. 
The Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) Business Days 
before repurchase date. 
10. 
UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as an MTN is outstanding, the Company undertakes the following. 
10.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loans rank at least pari passu with 
its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of mandatory law. 
10.2 
Nature of business 
The Company undertakes not to materially change the nature of the Group’s operations in a way that 
has a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations towards the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 28 ---
28(51) 
 
10.3 
Market Loans 
The Company undertakes to ensure, as long as any MTN is outstanding, that no Group Company: 
(a) 
other than the Company, will issue any Market Loan; or 
(b) 
maintains, prolongs or provides any guarantee or security over any of the Group’s present or 
future assets to secure any Market Loan. 
10.4 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, 
however, not longer than as permitted under applicable laws and regulations. 
10.5 
Availability of Loan Terms and Conditions 
The Company undertakes to ensure that the current version of these General Terms and Conditions, 
as well as the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans that have been admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, are kept available on the Company’s website. 
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
11.1 
The Administrative Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if 
any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Administrative Agent or the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in 
Section 11.2 and if: 
(a) 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(b) 
so requested in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of the request, represent not less than 
ten (10) percent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan. 
A request for termination may only be made by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than ten (10) percent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under 
the relevant Loan. 
11.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with Section 11.1 provided that: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
The Company fails to make timely payment of principal or interest due in respect of any 
Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay: 
(i) 
is a consequence of a technical or administrative error; and  
(ii) 
does not last for longer than three (3) Business Days. 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Company, in any respect other than that set out in paragraph (a) above, does not fulfil 
its obligations under the Loan Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant Loan, provided 
that: 
(i) 
correction is possible; and

--- Page 29 ---
29(51) 
 
(ii) 
the Company has received a written request from the Administrative Agent to 
implement corrective action and such corrective action has not been implemented 
within fifteen (15) Business Days. 
(c) 
Cross payment default and acceleration 
Any financial indebtedness of the Company or any Material Group Company is not paid 
when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of 
default (however described), provided that Loans may only be declared due and payable 
under this paragraph (c) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein 
is at least SEK 150,000,000 or its equivalent. 
(d) 
Insolvency 
Any of the Company or a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any 
applicable regulation to be, Insolvent. 
(e) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or 
frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days is 
taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, company reorganization (företagsrekonstruktion) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Company or a Material Group Company; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of the 
Company or a Material Group Company generally; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of a 
Material Group Company), administrator or other similar officer in respect of the 
Company or a Material Group Company or any of their respective assets; or 
(iv) 
any step analogous to paragraphs (i)-(iii) above is taken in any jurisdiction in 
relation to the Company or a Material Group Company. 
(f) 
Creditors’ process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Company or a Material Group Company having a value 
of not less than SEK 150,000,000 or its equivalent and which is not discharged within thirty 
(30) Business Days. 
(g) 
Merger 
The Company is subject to a merger with any other person, with the effect that the Company 
is not the surviving entity. 
11.3 
The Administrative Agent may not declare a relevant Loan along with interest (if any) as due for 
payment pursuant to Section 11.2 by referring to grounds for termination, if a Noteholders’ Meeting 
has resolved that such grounds for termination (temporarily or permanently) will not result in 
termination pursuant to Section 11.2. 
11.4 
It is the responsibility of the Company to notify the Dealers and the Noteholders immediately in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices) in the event grounds for termination as set out in Section 11.2 
should occur. In the absence of such notification, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers, 
regardless of their actual knowledge, shall be deemed to be aware of grounds for termination. Neither

--- Page 30 ---
30(51) 
 
the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers are themselves obliged to monitor whether the conditions 
for termination according to Section 11.2 exist. 
11.5 
In the case of the repayment of Loans after termination pursuant to Section 11.1: 
(a) 
Loans running with interest will be repaid at an amount per MTN that, together with accrued 
interest, would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by the 
following formula as per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Administrative Agent for Swedish government bonds 
with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the remaining term of the 
relevant Loan. In the absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall be used instead, 
as reduced by a market bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The 
calculation shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count Convention 
Actual/360 for MTN denominated in SEK. 
12. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent may and must, at the request of the Company or Noteholders who, at the 
time of the request, represent at least one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a particular Loan 
(said request may only be submitted by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register for MTN 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount), convene a 
Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant Loan. 
12.2 
The Administrative Agent must convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notification of this to 
each Noteholder and the Company within five (5) Business Days after receiving a request from the 
Company or Noteholders pursuant to Section 12.1 (or such later date as required for technical or 
administrative reasons). The Administrative Agent must notify the Issuing Agent without delay and 
in writing about the abovementioned notification.  
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders and this person has notified the 
Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The convening notification referred to in Section 12.2 must include (i) the time of the meeting, (ii) the 
venue for the meeting, (iii) the agenda for the meeting (including any request for a decision from the 
Noteholders), and (iv) a proxy form. Only matters that have been included in the convening 
notification may be decided at the Noteholders’ Meeting. If it is necessary for Noteholders to notify 
their intention to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, this requirement must be specified in the convening 
notification. 
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than 
thirty (30) Business Days after the notification. Noteholders’ Meetings for multiple loans under the 
MTN Programme can be held at the same time.

--- Page 31 ---
31(51) 
 
12.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such additional provisions regarding the notification and the implementation of 
the Noteholders’ Meeting as it deems appropriate. Such provisions may include the potential for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person, i.e. that voting may take place using an 
electronic voting procedure or through a written voting procedure. 
12.7 
Only persons who are, or have been, authorized in accordance with Section 4 (Right to act on behalf 
of a Noteholder) by a person who is a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting 
may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN are covered 
by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative Agent must ensure that, at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, there is a printout of the Debt Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden from the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
Noteholders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Agents, as well as their respective 
representatives, assistants and any experts, are entitled to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Representatives must present a duly issued power of attorney, which must be approved by the Chair 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting must begin with the appointment of a chair, 
a person to take the minutes and persons to adjust the minutes. The Chair must draw up a list of 
attending Noteholders who are eligible to vote, indicating the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that 
each Noteholder represents (the “Voting List”). After this, the Voting List must be approved by the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders who have cast their votes via an electronic voting procedure, a 
voting slip or equivalent will, with the application of these provisions, be deemed to be present at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders on the Record Date, or representatives of 
said Noteholders, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and will be 
included in the Voting List. The Company will have access to relevant voting calculations and the 
supporting data for these. The minutes must be completed as soon as possible and made available to 
Noteholders, the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Agent. 
12.9 
Decisions in the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least ninety 
(90) percent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders vote under the relevant 
Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing the Maturity Date, reduction of the Loan Amount, changing of terms relating to 
interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, including what follows from the application of Section 13 (Replacement of Base 
Rate) and changing of the relevant Currency of the Loan); 
(b) 
change to the terms of the Noteholders’ Meeting under this Section 12;  
(c) 
change of debtors; and 
(d) 
mandatory exchange of MTN for other securities. 
12.10 
Matters that are not covered by Section 12.9 require the consent of Noteholders representing more 
than fifty (50) percent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, amendments 
and waivers of rights in relation to the Loan Terms and Conditions that do not require a greater 
majority (other than amendments according to Section 14 (Amendment of terms etc.)), as well as early 
termination of Loans. 
12.11 
A Noteholders’ Meeting reaches quorum if Noteholders representing at least fifty (50) percent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Section 12.9, or twenty 
(20) percent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of other matters, attend 
the meeting in person or by telephone (or attend through an authorized representative). 
12.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting does not reach quorum, the Administrative Agent must convene a new 
Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Section 12.2), provided that the relevant proposal has not 
been withdrawn by the person or persons who initiated the Noteholders’ Meeting. The requirement

--- Page 32 ---
32(51) 
 
for quorum set out in Section 12.11 will not apply to said new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the 
Noteholders’ Meeting has reached quorum for some but not all of the matters to be decided at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions will be taken regarding those matters for which quorum exists, and 
other matters will be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.13 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the rights of, the 
Company or an Issuing Agent under the Loan Terms and Conditions requires the written approval of 
the relevant party. 
12.14 
A Noteholder that holds more than one MTN does not need to vote for all the MTN they hold, nor 
vote in the same way for all their MTN. 
12.15 
The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compensation 
to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms and Conditions unless such compensation is 
offered to all Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.16 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders shall not be held 
liable for any damage that the decision may cause another Noteholder. 
12.17 
At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Company must, without delay, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate indicating the total amount for all the MTN owned by Group 
Companies on the Business Day specified in Section 12.1 and the relevant Record Date prior to a 
Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless of whether said Group Company is directly registered as an owner 
of MTN. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the content of said certificate or 
otherwise be responsible for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group Company. 
12.18 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all decisions made 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the Company’s website and in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices). At the request of a Noteholder or the Issuing Agent, the 
Administrative Agent shall provide the Noteholder with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity 
of the decision. 
12.19 
Without amending or varying these Loan Terms and Conditions, the Administrative Agent may 
prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders’ Meeting as 
the Administrative Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person and that voting can take place by 
electronic or written procedure.  
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
13.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Section 13.2 below has occurred, the Company shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine a 
Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon necessary 
administrative, technical and operational amendments to the Loan Terms and Conditions in order to 
apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to 
participate in such consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, as 
soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably 
possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with 
effect from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject 
to any technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden and any calculation methods applicable to such 
Successor Base Rate.

--- Page 33 ---
33(51) 
 
13.2 
A Base Rate Event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (“Base Rate Event”) 
which means: 
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator, with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Company, the Arranger 
or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders 
using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has 
otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period 
of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from the equivalent entity with 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator , containing the 
information referred to in paragraph (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in paragraphs (b)-(e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
13.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), if it is possible 
at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent Adviser, initiate the 
procedure as described in Section 13.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change the Successor Base Rate at an earlier 
time. 
13.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a)-(e) of Section 13.2 has occurred but no 
Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally 
decided but due to technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden cannot be applied in relation to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or

--- Page 34 ---
34(51) 
 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this Section are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments described in this 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination Date, 
but without success. 
13.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming effective, 
the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the Company in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and 
Euroclear Sweden in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
13.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this Section 13 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by 
determinations, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final decision 
of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the 
Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or 
consequential loss. 
13.7 
In this Section 13, the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement 
of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) 
if item (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with 
the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another 
as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt 
capital market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation 
to STIBOR and the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR or any 
person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out in 
paragraphs (b) to (e) of Section 13.2 that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or advisor of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them 
or thirdly, the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Base Rate” means: 
(i) 
the screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure and 
calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as MTN, 
which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a 
Relevant Nominating Body as successor; or

--- Page 35 ---
35(51) 
 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in item (i), such other rate as the Company in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable 
to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall be apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
14. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC. 
14.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these General 
Terms and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Company and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in 
the Final Terms for a particular Loan. 
14.3 
Amendments and waivers of Loan Terms and Conditions, other than as set out in Sections 14.1 to 
14.2 shall take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in Section 12 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
14.4 
The accession of a new Dealer to the MTN Programme may take place by means of a written 
agreement between the Company, the relevant institution and existing Dealers. Dealers may retire as 
Dealers, although the Administrative Agent in respect of a particular Loan may not retire as 
Administrative Agent, unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place for said Loan. 
14.5 
An approval of an amendment to terms and conditions granted at a Noteholders’ Meeting may cover 
the substance of the amendment, and does not need to include the specific wording of the amendment. 
14.6 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect of when the 
amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into force before it has been 
registered with Euroclear Sweden and published on the Company’s website. 
14.7 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders’, amend the Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with what is described in 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
14.8 
The amendment or concession of Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with this Section 13 must 
be notified to the Noteholders by the Company as soon as possible in accordance with Section 16 
(Notices) and published in accordance with Section 10.5. 
15. 
TIME-BAR FOR CLAIMS 
15.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years after each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect 
of which the Noteholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void. 
15.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to 
receive repayment of the principal, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest 
will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such 
date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.

--- Page 36 ---
36(51) 
 
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notifications will be issued to Noteholders for the Loan in question at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notification to the Noteholders must also 
be made public by means of a press release and be published on the Company’s website. 
16.2 
Notification must be sent to the Company and the Dealers at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) at the time notice is given. 
16.3 
A notification to the Company or Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms and Conditions that 
is sent by normal mail to the specified address will be deemed to have been received by the recipient 
on the third Business Day after dispatch, and a notification sent by courier will be deemed to have 
been received by the recipient when it has been delivered at the specified address.  
16.4 
In the event a notification has not been sent correctly to a particular Noteholder, this will not affect 
the impact of the notification on other Noteholders. 
17. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
17.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or foreign legislation, 
actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, 
or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and 
lockouts applies notwithstanding that the Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such 
measures. 
17.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided the Dealer acted 
with normal care. 
17.3 
Neither the Company nor the Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay compensation for 
indirect loss. 
17.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a circumstance set forth 
in Section 17.1, the measure may be postponed until such time as the impediment no longer exists. 
17.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounting Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
18.1 
Swedish law will apply to the Loan Terms and Conditions and all non-contractual obligations that 
arise in connection with the application of the Loan Terms and Conditions.  
18.2 
Disputes must be determined by a Swedish court. Stockholm District Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) 
will be the court of first instance. 
 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding on us. 
 
Stockholm, March 11, 2024 
 
ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL AB (PUBL)

--- Page 37 ---
37(51) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The following template will be used for the preparation of the Final Terms 
for each loan issued under the MTN Programme 
 
FINAL TERMS  
(“Final Terms”) 
 
for loan no. [•] 
under Electrolux Professional AB (publ)’s (the “Company”) 
Swedish MTN Programme 
 
The General Terms and Conditions dated March 11, 2024 together with the Final Terms set forth below shall apply 
to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth in the Terms and Conditions 
or otherwise in the Company’s Base Prospectus, approved and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority on March 11, 2024, including any published supplemental prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme 
from time to time in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, referred to as the “Prospectus Regulation” (“Base 
Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Complete information about the Company and the MTN Programme can only be obtained through the Base 
Prospectus, any published supplementary prospectuses and these Final Terms, which is why investors who are 
considering investing in MTN should read these documents together and in full. The Base Prospectus and any 
supplementary prospectuses to the Base Prospectus as applicable are available on the Company’s website 
www.electroluxprofessional.com. 
 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereby the Loan Amount has been increased by 
[SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] from [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] to [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures].] 
 
GENERAL 
1.  
Loan number: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Tranche name: 
[•] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
for the loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  for tranche [•]: 
[(iii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[•] 
[•] 
3. 
Price per MTN: 
[•] % of Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest as from 
[insert date] if applicable] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK/EUR] 
5. 
Nominal Amount: 
[SEK/EUR] [•] (Not less than EUR 100,000 or the 
equivalent thereof in SEK.) 
6. 
Loan date: 
[•] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Loan date/[•]] 
8. 
Settlement Date: 
[Loan date/[•]] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]

--- Page 38 ---
38(51) 
 
10. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
11. 
Amount as basis for calculation of 
interest  
[Nominal Amount/[•]] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12. 
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal Amount/[•]]. 
 
(ii)  Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of [•] months with the 
end date on an Interest Payment Date 
 
(iii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually/Semi-Annually/Quarterly] on [•], the first time 
on [•] and the last time on [•] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
 
(iv)  Day Count Convention Method: 
30/360 [Specify] 
 
(v) Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
13. 
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] 
[The [first/last] coupon’s Base Rate will be interpolated 
linearly between [•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] and [•] 
months [STIBOR/EURIBOR].] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii)  Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days before each Interest Period, the first 
time on [•] 
 
(iv) Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of approx. [•] months 
with the end date on an Interest Payment Date.  
 
(v) 
Interest Payment(s): 
The final day in each Interest Period, [the [•], the [•], the [•] 
and the [•],] the first time on [•] and the last time [the [•]/on 
the Maturity Date]. 
 
(vi) Day Count Convention Method: 
Actual/360 [Specify] 
 
(vii)  Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [“Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions”] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
14. 
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 39 ---
39(51) 
 
 
(i) 
Terms 
for 
Loans 
without 
interest: 
[Specify details] 
 
(ii) 
Risk factors 
 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [“Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions”] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
REPAYMENT 
14. 
Amount at which MTN is to be 
repaid on the Maturity Date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
OTHER 
15. 
Estimated net proceeds 
[SEK]/[EUR] [•] after deduction for costs related to the issue. 
16. 
Use of net proceeds 
[General corporate purposes]/[Specify] 
17. 
Admission to trading on a Regulated 
Market: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm/Specify other Regulated Market] 
 
(ii)  Estimated total costs associated 
with admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Total 
number 
of 
securities 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Earliest date for admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
18. 
Interests: 
[Specify/Not applicable]  
(Interests and any conflicts of interest for individuals who 
are involved in the share issue and that are of significance 
for the Loan must be described) 
19. 
Credit rating for Loans: 
[Specify/Not applicable] 
20. 
Resolutions as basis of the issue:  
[Not applicable/Resolutions regarding this Loan were taken 
on [insert date]/Specify] 
(If resolutions regarding issues under the MTN Programme 
are described in the Base Prospectus and this issue is 
covered by such a decision, “Not applicable” must be used) 
21. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information presented in these Final Terms originating 
from third parties has been reproduced accurately and, as 
far as the Company is aware and can ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading]/ [Not applicable] 
22. 
Issuing Agent: 
 
 
(i) 
for tranche [•]: 
[(ii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)], [Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial] [•]]  
 
23. 
Administrative Agent: 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)], [Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial] [•]] 
24. 
ISIN: 
SE[•]

--- Page 40 ---
40(51) 
 
The Company confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the General Terms 
and Conditions, and undertakes, in accordance therewith, to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance 
herewith. 
 
The Company further confirms that any material event after the date of the Base Prospectus that could affect the 
market’s assessment of the Loan and the Company to this MTN have been publicly disclosed. 
 
Stockholm [date for signing the Final Terms] 
 
ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL AB (PUBL)

--- Page 41 ---
41(51) 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
Electrolux Professional is a global provider of food service, beverage and laundry solutions for professional use 
in terms of sales, serving a wide range of customers globally, from restaurants and hotels to healthcare, educational 
and other service facilities. To meet the market needs, the Group uses a portfolio of 19 distinct business brands, 
targeting different customers and stakeholders in different geographies. The Group´s solutions and products are 
manufactured in 13 facilities located in eight countries around the world and sold in approximately 110 countries. 
The Company had 3,978 employees as of December 31, 2023 and its headquarters are located in Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
Professional Food, Beverage and Laundry equipment 
Electrolux Professional Group offers a full set of solutions within food service, beverage and laundry equipment, 
with products and services that address the needs of a diverse customer base. The Company focuses on solutions 
where there is a need for high-performing, reliable equipment, with significant aftermarket requirements over the 
equipment lifecycle and where customers are focused on productivity and total cost of ownership. The Company 
strives to maintain, develop and enhance its customer relationships through collaboration, commitment to 
innovation and sustainability for the benefit of its customers. By developing new and improved products and 
services, the Group adds value to the customers and profitable growth to the Group. The ambition is to address the 
customers’ increased requirements for multi-functional products, with low running costs, and reduced energy and 
water consumption and to prioritize appliance digitalization. 
Electrolux Professional Group has a local presence across relevant global markets, enabling a flexible and efficient 
set-up from both a manufacturing and commercial standpoint. Electrolux Professional operates with an agile 
supply chain and lean manufacturing cost footprint, which enables the Company to operate efficiently throughout 
business cycles. Electrolux Professional’s products are sold either through distributors and dealers or directly to 
customers, depending on specific regional dynamics. The recent years development of a digital customer platform 
further enhances the online sales, and further customer interactions.  
In order to provide a complete solution package, the Company has established a large global service partners 
organization that provides customers with advanced customer care service solutions such as services and spare 
parts, accessories, service, and consumables. Essentia, the new service offering, addresses fast growing demand 
for maintenance with various subscription models and service agreement offers, to support the customer 
throughout the life of the product. 
The Group´s master brand; Electrolux Professional, can provides a complete offering within food, beverage and 
laundry – the OnE approach – that can cover all customers’ needs under one global brand. The Company believes 
that it has a competitive advantage in its broad portfolio of products and aftermarket services under one global 
master brand, complemented with the Group’s 18 business brands, and in its extensive geographical reach, both 
when it comes to customer relations and service network. Electrolux Professional Group seeks to maintain an 
ongoing relationship with customers throughout the equipment lifecycle, creating a potential for equipment 
repurchases and additional services. 
Electrolux Professional has two segments – Food & Beverage (F&B) and Laundry. F&B provides a wide range of 
equipment for professional food service and beverage solutions. Laundry provides a wide array of equipment for 
professional laundry operations. In addition to their product offerings, each segment provides aftermarket services 
and solution. 
History of the Group 
Electrolux Professional dates back to more than 100 years when companies such as Wascator, Zanussi and 
Cecilware were formed, subsequently acquired by Electrolux. The professional products business in the Electrolux 
Group dates back to 1962 when Elektro Helios was acquired, a company that also operated in the professional 
food service industry. The professional food business in Electrolux expanded to professional laundry when 
Wascator was acquired in 1973. Zanussi was acquired in 1984 followed by the acquisition of Dito Sama in 1987. 
In 1999 an operational headquarter for the professional business area was established in Pordenone, Italy.

--- Page 42 ---
42(51) 
 
Below some of the major acquisitions and milestones in recent times: 
2015 
Shanghai Veetsan, Professional dishwashers in China.
2017 
Grindmaster Cecilware, American hot, cold, and frozen beverage dispensing equipment.
2018 
SPM Drink Systems, Italian manufacturer of frozen beverage solutions. 
2018 
Schneidereit, Laundry rental solutions for professional customers in Germany and Austria.
2019 
UNIC, a French manufacturer of automatic and traditional espresso coffee machines. 
2020 
A significant milestone for the company as it underwent a spin-off from Electrolux AB and 
listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. The headquarter relocated to Stockholm. 
2021 
Unified Brands, a leading US-based manufacturer of foodservice equipment. 
2023 
Tosei, a leading Japanese manufacturer of professional laundry equipment and vacuum 
packing machines.

--- Page 43 ---
43(51) 
 
THE COMPANY 
General corporate information 
The Company’s legal and commercial name is Electrolux Professional AB (publ), and its Swedish Corporate ID 
No. is 556003-0354 and its legal entity identifier LEI code is 254900KI62Q46ZWD8084. The registered office of 
the Board is located in Stockholm, Sweden. The registered postal address of the Company is Franzéngatan 6, SE-
112 51, Stockholm, Sweden. The Company’s phone number is +46 (0)8 410 564 50. The Company’s website is 
https://www.electroluxprofessional.com (the information on the Company’s website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
The Company was incorporated in Sweden on June 6, 1898 and registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on August 8, 1898. The Company is a public limited liability company (publikt 
aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
According to section 3 in the Articles of Association, the object of the Company’s business is to carry on 
manufacturing and sales of machinery and accessories, mainly intended for washing, food and beverage 
preparation, and other business activities compatible therewith. 
Share information and ownership structure 
Under its current Articles of Association, the Company’s share capital shall not be less than SEK 20,000,000, and 
not more than SEK 80,000,000, divided into not fewer than 200,000,000 and not more than 800,000,000 shares. 
The Company has two classes of shares: Class A and Class B shares and there are 8,031,461 Class A shares and 
279,365,989 Class B-shares issued. 
The below table shows the Company’s major shareholders. 
Owner 
Number of 
shares of 
Cl
A
Number of shares 
of Class B 
Shares, % 
Votes, % 
 
Verified 
Investor 
6,420,771 
52,520,883
20.51%
32.45% 
2023-12-27
Swedbank Robur Fonder 
 
30,172,403
10.50%
8.39% 
2023-12-31
Alecta Tjänstepension 
453,900 
20,025,098
7.13%
6.83% 
2023-12-27
Handelsbanken Fonder 
 
19,484,922
6.78%
5.42% 
2023-12-31
Second Swedish National Pension Fund 
 
12,149,652
4.23%
3.38% 
2023-12-31
First Swedish National Pension Fund 
 
12,000,000
4.18%
3.34% 
2023-12-27
Nordea Funds 
 
9,939,593
3.46%
2.76% 
2023-12-31
AMF Pension & Fonder 
1,000,000 
7,609,567
3.00%
4.90% 
2023-12-31
Vanguard 
 
8,154,699
2.84%
2.27% 
2023-11-31
ODIN Fonder 
 
7,000,000
2.44%
1.95% 
2023-12-31
Investering & Tryghed A/S 
 
6,327,685
2.20%
1.76% 
2023-12-31
Didner & Gerge Fonder 
 
5,827,301
2.03%
1.62% 
2023-12-31
Norges Bank 
 
5,560,875
1.93%
1.55% 
2023-12-31
C WorldWide Asset Management
 
5,400,000
1.88%
1.50% 
2023-12-31
BlackRock 
 
3,930,365
1.37%
1.09% 
2023-12-31
Fifteen largest shareholders 
7,874,671 
206,103,043
74.48%
79.21% 
Other shareholders 
156,790 
73,262,946
25.52%
20.79% 
Total 
8,031,461 
279,365,989
100.0
100.0 
Source: Monitor by Modular Finance AB. Compiled and processed data from various sources, including Euroclear, 
Morningstar and the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
As far as the Company is aware, it is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any shareholder other than 
those set out in the table above. Further, to the Company’s knowledge, there are no shareholders’ agreement or 
other agreements between shareholders in the Company intended to exercise joint control of the Company. Nor is 
the Company aware of any agreements which may result in a change to the control of the Company.

--- Page 44 ---
44(51) 
 
Legal group structure 
The Company is the ultimate parent company of the Group, which comprises 42 legal entities in approximately 33 
countries. The table below shows the Group Companies. Electrolux Professional does not hold shares in any 
associated companies. 
Subsidiary 
Country 
Shares and voting rights, % 
Electrolux Professional Australia Pty LTD 
Australia
100%
Electrolux Professional Austria GmbH 
Austria
100%
Electrolux Professional Belgium B.V 
Belgium
100%
Electrolux Professional do Brazil 
Brazil
100%
Electrolux (Shanghai) Professional Appliances Co. Ltd.
China
100%
Electrolux Professional d.o.o
Croatia
100%
Electrolux Professional Czech Republic s.r.o. 
Czech Republic
100%
Electrolux Professional A/S 
Denmark
100%
Electrolux Professional Oy 
Finland
100%
Electrolux Professional SAS 
France
100%
Electrolux Professional GmbH
Germany
100%
Electrolux Professional Hellas SA 
Greece
100%
Electrolux Professional Hungary Kft 
Hungary
100%
Electrolux Professional India Private Limited 
India
100%
Electrolux Professional S.p.A.
Italy
100%
S.P.M. Drink Systems S.p.A.
Italy
100%
Electrolux Professional Japan Limited 
Japan
100%
Electrolux Professional Korea Co., Ltd. 
Korea
100%
Electrolux Professional Sdn Bhd 
Malaysia
100%
Electrolux Professional B.V. 
Netherlands
100%
Electrolux Professional New Zeeland Limited 
New Zeeland
100%
Electrolux Professional AS 
Norway
100%
Electrolux Professional Poland Sp. z.o.o. 
Poland
100%
Electrolux Professional Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Singapore
100%
Electrolux Professional s.r.o.
Slovakia
100%
Electrolux Professional S.A. 
Spain
100%
Electrolux Professional Sweden AB 
Sweden
100%
Electrolux Professional Holding AB 
Sweden
100%
Electrolux Professional AG 
Switzerland
100%
Crathco Ltd 
Thailand
100%
Electrolux Professional (Thailand) Co. Ltd. 
Thailand
100%
Electrolux Professional Durable Consumer Goods Industry 
and Trade Joint Stock Company 
Turkey 
100% 
Electrolux Professional Middle East DMCC 
 
United Arab 
Emirates
100% 
Electrolux Professional Ltd. 
United Kingdeom
100%
Electrolux Professional US Holdings Inc. 
USA
100%
Electrolux Professional Laundry Systems France SNC
France
100%
Exefem 
France
100%
Schneidereit GmbH 
Germany
100%
UNIC Japan KK 
Japan 
100%
GCS Mexico SA de CV 
Mexico
100%
Unified Brands 
USA
100%
TOSEI Corporation 
Japan
100%
Dependency on subsidiaries 
A substantial part of the Group’s assets and revenues relate to the Company’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, the Company is therefore dependent upon receipt of income dividend related to the operation of and 
ownership in its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

--- Page 45 ---
45(51) 
 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Company consists of nine members elected by the Annual General Meeting, with 
no deputies. Under Swedish law, trade union organizations are entitled to representation on the Board and have in 
addition appointed two Board members with one deputy. 
Kai Wärn 
Born 1959. Chairman of the Board of Directors and Board member since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Sandvik AB, Mälarhamnar AB, SunStreet Energy AB, 
Exandio Holding AB and Comparsio AB. 
Katharine Clark 
Born 1979. Board member since 2020.  
Principal education: B.Sc. (Hons) Business Information Systems Management, Bournemouth University, United 
Kingdom. Professional Diploma in Marketing, Charted Institute of Marketing, United Kingdom. 
Other on-going principal assignments: VP BD, Innovation and Sustainability at Gunnebo, Previously VP 
Commercial Development/ CCO, ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions EMEAI. 
Lorna Donatone 
Born 1957. Board member since 2019.  
Principal education: MBA, Texas Christian University, USA. B.Sc. Tulane University, USA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Dawn Food Products Inc., Sbarro, LLC and National 
Restaurant Association Educational Foundation, USA. 
Josef Matosevic 
Born 1971. Board member since 2023.  
Principal education: B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from Bayerische Julius-Maximilian’s Universität in 
Würzburg, Germany. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Hans Ola Meyer 
Born 1955. Board member since 2019.  
Principal education: B.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of Economics, 
Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Daniel Nodhäll 
Born 1978. Board member since 2019.  
Principal education: M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of Economics, 
Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Husqvarna AB. 
Martine Snels 
Born 1969. Board member since 2019.  
Principal education: M.Sc. Agriculture, industrial engineering, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven campus Geel, 
Belgium. Studies in mathematics, Universiteit Antwerpen, Belgium. Advanced Finance, London Business School, 
England. Finance for non-financials, Singapore Institute of Management. B2B Marketing, Vlerick Business 
School, Belgium. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Independent Non-Executive Director of Resilux and of the Vion Food 
Group. CEO and owner of L’Advance B.V..

--- Page 46 ---
46(51) 
 
Carsten Voigtländer 
Born 1963. Board member since 2019.  
Principal education: Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany. 
Doctoral Degree/Dr.-Ing., Process Engineering, Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany. Advanced 
Management Programme, INSEAD. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Arbonia AG and BBC Group AG. Non-Executive 
Director of INNIO Group, OIKOS International and STULZ GmbH. Member of the Foundation Board of 
Friedhelm Loh Stifung. Member of the Supervisory Board of Testo Management SE. 
Joachim Nord 
Born 1966. Board member, employee representative (PTK) since 2019.  
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Jens Pierard 
Born 1968. Board member, employee representative (LO) since 2023.  
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Per Magnusson 
Born 1964. Deputy board member, employee representative (LO) since 2023.  
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Group Management Team 
The Group Management Team of the Company consists of twelve executives. The table below sets forth the name 
and current position of each member of the Group Management Team. 
Alberto Zanata 
Born 1960. President & CEO since 2009.  
Principal education: University Master’s degree in Electronic Engineering with Business Administration, Padua 
University, Italy. 
Jacob Broberg 
Born 1964. Chief Communication & Investor Relations Officer since 2019.  
Principal education: B.A., Political Science and Economics, Lund University, Sweden. 
Carlo Mario Caroni 
Born 1968. COO since 2014. 
Principal education: Master university degree in Mechanical Engineering in Economics and Management, 
Politecnico di Torino, Italy. 
Richard Flynn 
Born 1980. President Business Area Food APAC & MEA since 2022.  
Principal education: Business management, University of Gloucestershire, England. 
Dave Herring 
Born 1964. President Business Area Food Americas since 2022. 
Principal education: MBA, University of Southern New Hampshire, USA. B.Sc in Mechanical Engineering, 
University of Iowa, USA. 
Pia Hovland 
Born 1965.CHRO since 2020.  
Principal education: Bachelor´s degree in Computer Science.

--- Page 47 ---
47(51) 
 
Camilla Monefeldt-Kirstein 
Born 1972. President Business Area Food Europe since 2023. 
Principal education: Master´s degree in Industrial Economics, Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
Master´s degree in Operational Research, London School of Economics and Political Science. 
Guilhem Senegas 
Born 1975. CIO and Head of Digital Transformation since 2020.  
Principal education: Master’s degree in engineering from CentraleSupelec, Paris and MBA from Le Collège des 
Ingénieurs, Paris. 
Paolo Schira 
Born 1975. President Business Area Laundry since 2022. 
Principal education: Master’s Degree, Engineering, University of Trieste, Italy. 
Carolina Tendorf 
Born 1968. General Counsel since 2022.  
Principal education: Master of Law, University of Stockholm. 
Fabio Zarpellon 
Born 1967. CFO since 2009. 
Principal education: Degree, Business Administration, Ca’ Foscari University of Venice, Italy.  
Philippe Zavattiero 
Born 1961. President Business Area Beverage and Food Preparation since 2021.  
Principal education: Master’s Degree of Engineer, National Institute Polytechnique of Grenoble, France. 
Master’s degree ESSEC Business School Paris, France. 
Other information regarding the Board of Directors and Group Management Team 
Business address 
The address for all Board members and members of the Group Management Team is c/o Electrolux Professional 
AB, SE-112 51 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No Board member or member of the Group Management Team has any personal interests that could conflict with 
the interests of the Company. Certain members of the Board of Directors members and members of the Group 
Management Team have a financial interest in the Group as a consequence of being shareholders in the Company. 
Auditors 
Deloitte AB (Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Company’s auditor since June 1, 2018, and 
was re-elected at the Annual General Meeting held on April 26, 2023, for the period until the end of the Annual 
General Meeting 2024. Jonas Ståhlberg, born 1975, is the auditor in charge. Jonas Ståhlberg is an Authorized 
Public Accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.

--- Page 48 ---
48(51) 
 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) 
(the “SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The SFSA’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company that is the subject 
of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the securities. 
Authorizations and responsibility 
The Company has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorizations and approvals required in conjunction with 
the establishment of the Programme. The decision to establish the Programme was authorized by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of the Company on February 21, 2024. 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Company is, to the 
extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Material agreements 
Other than as described below, neither the Company nor any other Group Company has concluded any material 
agreements not entered into in the ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the Group 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes.  
On December 22, 2023 Electrolux Professional entered into a bridge facility, provided by SEB and Danske Bank. 
The purpose of the bridge facility is to finance the acquisition of Tosei Corporation. The bridge facility is intended 
to be refinanced during 2024 with long term debt. 
Governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group has not been party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened which the Company is aware of) during the previous twelve (12) 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Company’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Certain material interests 
The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, certain investment 
banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the Company and the Group for which they have 
received, or will receive, remuneration. In particular, it should be noted that SEB and Danske Bank are lenders 
under a bridge credit facility with the Group as borrower. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise 
as a result of the Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, 
having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since 31 December 2022, being the 
date of the last published audited annual financial statements of the Company. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Company since 31 December 2023, being 
the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
49(51) 
 
Significant changes since 31 December 2022 
There have been no significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Group since December 31, 2022, 
being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information of the Company was presented. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as part 
of the Base Prospectus: 
Annual Report for 2021 
https://www.electroluxprofessional.com/corporate/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Electrolux-Professional-
Annual-Report-2021.pdf  
• 
Consolidated statement on total comprehensive income on 
page 99; 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet on page 100; 
• 
Change in consolidated equity on page 101; 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement on page 102; 
• 
Notes on pages 107-152; and 
• 
Auditor’s report on pages 153-155. 
Annual Report for 2022 
https://www.electroluxprofessional.com/corporate/wp-
content/uploads/2019/11/wkr0006-252.pdf  
• 
Consolidated statement on total comprehensive income on 
page 96; 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet on page 97; 
• 
Change in consolidated equity on page 98; 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement on page 99; 
• 
Notes on pages 104-141; and 
• 
Auditor’s report on pages 142-144. 
Year-end report 2023 
https://www.electroluxprofessional.com/corporate/wp-
content/uploads/2019/11/wkr0006-295.pdf 
• 
Consolidated statement on total comprehensive income on 
page 11; 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet on page 12; 
• 
Change in consolidated equity on page 13; 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement on page 14; and 
• 
Notes on pages 18-20. 
Information in the above documents that is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Company not to 
be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains the Company’s historical financial statements for the financial years ended 
December, 31 2021 and 2022, respectively, which have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the Swedish 
Annual Accounts Act. The Company’s annual reports for 2021 and 2022 have been audited by the Company’s 
auditor. The Company’s year-end report for 2023 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 – Interim 
Financial Reporting and have not been reviewed by the Company’s auditor. Unless otherwise stated, no 
information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Company’s auditor. 
Documents on display 
The Company’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at the 
Company’s website https://www.electroluxprofessional.com (the information on the Company’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 50 ---
50(51) 
 
ADDRESSES 
 
The Company 
Electrolux Professional AB (publ) 
SE-112 51 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 410 564 50 
www.electroluxprofessional.com 
The Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se 
The Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
SE-103 92 Stockholm, Sweden  
Telephone: +46 (0)8 568 805 77 
www.danskebank.se 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se 
Legal Adviser to the Company 
Account Operator 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå 
P.O. Box 1711 
SE-111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.mannheimerswartling.se 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
P.O. Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.euroclear.com/sweden

--- Page 51 ---
51(51) 
 
 
 
 
SE-112 51 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.electroluxprofessional.com