--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 7 August 2023
1 
€50,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme") described in this base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus"), Électricité de France SA (the “Issuer" or “EDF" or 
“Électricité de France"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes"). The Notes may be issued 
as senior unsecured notes (the "Senior Notes") or as dated or undated deeply subordinated 
notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not 
at any time exceed Euro 50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue 
of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation").  
This Base Prospectus received the approval number 23-351 on 7 August 2023 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers ("AMF") and is valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated 
Market (as defined below) until 7 August 2024, provided that it is completed from time to time by 
any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of 
a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the 
quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market located in 
a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") (each such market being a 
"Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II"). Notes may also be issued pursuant to the 
Programme which are not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein for Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
respectively) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. The minimum denomination of each 
Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
The Programme has been rated “Baa1" (senior unsecured) / “Ba2” (junior subordinated) by 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s") and “BBB" (senior unsercured) / “B+“ (junior subordinated) by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s 
long-term senior debt has been rated (i) “Baa1" with stable outlook by Moody’s, (ii) “BBB" with 
stable outlook by S&P and (iii) “BBB+" with stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch 
Ratings"). Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch Ratings is established in the European Union, is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies

--- Page 2 ---
Base Prospectus dated 7 August 2023
2 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA") 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/riskcra-authorisation). 
Notes 
issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of 
the Programme. The rating(s) of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
including as to whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by credit rating agencies 
established in the European Union, registered (or which have applied for registration) under the 
CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/riskcra-
authorisation) and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency without notice. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form (“Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times 
be in book entry form in compliance with Article L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, 
the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms related to the Notes that are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market are or will be available on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer's website (www.edf.fr/groupe-edf). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section 
headed “Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus in connection with any investment in any 
of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger for the Programme
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
Crédit Agricole CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 August 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto published from time to time 
(each a “Supplement" and, together, the “Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purposes of giving all 
necessary information, with regard to the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries 
(the “EDF Group" or the “Group") and the Notes, which is necessary to enable investors to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement 
thereto and with any relevant information of the documents incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information of which shall be incorporated 
in and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) 
of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus". 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the 
Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Arranger, the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates, and none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under 
the Programme and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale" herein. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any such jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented 
that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer, the 
Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under Commission 
Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a 
distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 5 ---
5 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR 
regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Independent review and advice 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of 
Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its 
acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment 
in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any supplement 
thereto and the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and 
the impact the relevant Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one 
or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor 
of the applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any 
particular type of Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Warning - Taxation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers and sellers 
of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative financial notes 
such as the Notes. Prospective purchasers should consult section "Taxation" of the Base 
Prospectus for certain summary information about French taxation in respect of the Notes. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes 
and/or to the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, 
including those arising from the Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to issue "green bonds" or "social bonds" and apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or 
existing projects from any of the Green Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds") 
or from any of the Social Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Social Bonds"), as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus and of the relevant Final Terms. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds or makes 
any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds or Social Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a 
recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such 
Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or  
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing 
or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Disclaimer relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the 
INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or 
representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from 
the use of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any 
particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the 
INSEE and Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. Neither 
the INSEE nor Eurostat, as the case may be, is responsible for or has participated in the 
determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be 
issued or in determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. Neither

--- Page 7 ---
7 
the INSEE nor Eurostat has any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, 
marketing or trading of the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, has no 
responsibility for any calculation agency adjustment made for the indices.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken 
as an indication of future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked 
Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation as to the Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may 
have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with 
respect to any of the inflation indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation 
Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part 
of any such persons to disclose to the holders of the Notes or any other party such 
information (whether or not confidential).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................... 9
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 19
RETAIL CASCADES ................................................................................................................... 38
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................. 40
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................... 49
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ........................................................................................................................................ 50
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ............................................................. 51
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................ 111
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................ 177
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................. 178
RECENT EVENTS .................................................................................................................... 179
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .............................................................. 186
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................... 208
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................. 232
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................... 236
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 242
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
 ................................................................................................................................................... 246

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description of the Programme (as defined below) (the "General Description") 
must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is qualified in its entirety by 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as 
amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus 
within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
Words and expressions defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" or 
"Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" below shall have the same meaning in 
this General Description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Électricité de France (the "Issuer") 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
549300X3UK4GG3FNMO06 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding at any one time pursuant to the 
Programme. The size of the Programme may be increased 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank and Société Générale. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint one or more 
additional dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
References to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons 
listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that 
are appointed as permanent dealers in respect of the 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Calculation 
Agent:  
Société Générale 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. See 
section “Risk Factors".

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
Method of Issue: 
 The Notes may be issued as senior unsecured notes (the 
"Senior Notes") or as dated or undated deeply subordinated 
notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes 
may or may not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any Regulated Market or any other 
stock exchange. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue price, the issue date, the amount of the 
first payment of interest and the nominal amount of the 
Tranche may be different in respect of different Tranches.   
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only 
and may only be issued outside of France. A Temporary 
Global Certificate in bearer form will be issued initially in 
respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes.  
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status 
of 
the 
Senior 
Notes: 
Senior Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons, 
will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of the Negative Pledge set out in 
Condition 4 (see below) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Status 
of 
the 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes are deeply subordinated notes 
(titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer issued

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French 
Code de commerce. 
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply 
subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier 
rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank (i) subordinated to 
present and future titres participatifs or prêts participatifs
issued by or granted to the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer, 
(ii) pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other present and future deeply subordinated obligations 
(engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer 
(including the Parity Securities) and (iii) senior only to the 
Equity Securities. 
Negative Pledge (Senior 
Notes): 
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding, the 
Issuer has agreed that it will not create or have outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest upon 
the whole or any part of its undertaking, revenues or assets, 
present or future, in order to secure any Indebtedness (as 
defined below), or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any Indebtedness, without at the same time according to the 
Senior Notes the same security. 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Issuer 
which, in each case, is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in 
any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-
the-counter market). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Indebtedness shall include 
any obligations of the Issuer under dematerialised debt 
securities that may be issued from time to time by the Issuer 
and are traded under a book-entry transfer system. 
No 
Negative 
Pledge 
(Subordinated Notes): 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue on the basis of the 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of 
original issue, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subordinated Notes may have a specified maturity date or 
no specified maturity date. 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amounts payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
The Issuer may also purchase and, subject to applicable 
laws and regulations, hold or cancel the Notes so 
purchased. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of the Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) or, in the case of Senior Notes only, at the option of 
the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer: 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, in respect of any 
Series of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem (i) 
with respect to Senior Notes, in whole or in part the Senior 
Notes and (ii) with respect to Subordinated Notes, all (but 
not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount.  
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option 
(Senior 
Notes 
only): 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, in respect of any Series of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Senior Notes 
of such Series, in whole but not in part, at any time as from 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than six (6) 
months before the Maturity Date of the relevant Senior 
Notes. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and if at least 75 per cent. (or any other higher 
percentage specified in the Final Terms) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series 
have been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes at 
their principal amount together with any interest accrued to 
but excluding the date set for redemption (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
Early redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part, as the case may be) and/or the Noteholders and if 
so the terms applicable to such redemption, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes. 
Call Option (Senior Notes 
only): 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all, 
or, if so provided, some, of the Senior Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Senior Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
Call Option (Subordinated 
Notes only): 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not 
less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Subordinated Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date or any Residual Redemption Period, each 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amount thereon). 
Redemption following an 
Accounting 
Event 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
only): 
If an Accounting Event occurs after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer may at its option redeem all the Subordinated Notes 
(but not some only) on any day from the Accounting Event 
Adoption Date at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption following a 
Rating 
Methodology 
Event 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
If a Rating Methodology Event occurs after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer may at its option redeem all the Subordinated 
Notes (but not some only) at any time at the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons: 
See Condition 6(i) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 
6(e) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
Interest:
Notes may bear interest or not.  Interest (if any) may accrue 
at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest amounts will be payable in arrear on the date 
or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under an 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
specified currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française; 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under an 
interest rate swap transaction in therelevant 
specified currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(iii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service or on the basis of market quotations, 
in each case, as adjusted for any applicable margin or 
any successor or alternative rate. Unless a higher rate 
is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the minimum rate 
of interest (including any applicable margin) shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an independent adviser to determine a successor or 
an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes 
and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5) “Benchmark discontinuation" of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) 
“Benchmark discontinuation" of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes for further information. 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Discontinuation 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
only): 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser 
to determine a successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread, if any. See Condition 5(c)(ii) “Mid-Swap 
Rate Discontinuation" of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes for further information.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
15 
Interest 
Deferral 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
only): 
If Optional Interest Payments is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, on any Interest Payment Date, in 
relation to the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, at its 
option, elect to defer payment of all or part of the interest 
accrued to that date and any failure to pay shall not 
constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose.  
Any interest not paid on an applicable Interest Payment Date 
shall constitute “Arrears of Interest”. Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amount as defined below) 
on all outstanding Subordinated Notes shall become due 
and payable in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(A) 
the tenth Business Day following the occurrence of a 
Compulsory Arrears of Interest Payment Event; or 
(B) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect 
of which the Issuer does not elect to defer all or part 
of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(C) 
the date of any redemption of the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with the provisions relating to 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(D) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a 
competent court for the voluntary or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation amiable or 
liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of the whole of 
the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) following 
an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of 
the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason 
(other 
than 
pursuant 
to 
a 
consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation 
outside the context of an insolvency and where the 
successor, absorbing or resulting entity acquires all 
the assets and liabilities of the Issuer and assumes 
all the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, as 
if it constituted the principal of the Subordinated Notes at a 
rate which corresponds to the Interest Rate from time to time 
applicable to the Subordinated Notes and the amount of 
such interest (the “Additional Interest Amount”) with 
respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable 
pursuant to this paragraph and shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent applying the Interest Rate to the amount 
of the Arrear of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest 
Payment Date shall be added in accordance with Article 
1343-2 of the French Code civil, for the purpose only of 
calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing 
thereafter, to the amount of Arrears of Interest remaining 
unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself 
become Arrears of Interest.

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
16 
“Compulsory Arrears of Interest Payment Event” means: 
(i) 
a payment in any form (including dividend or other 
payments as applicable) on any Equity Securities 
(other than in the form of the issuance (or transfer from 
treasury) of any Equity Securities) or any Parity 
Securities having been resolved upon by the 
shareholders or other competent body of the Issuer or 
having been made by the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the acquisition, repurchase or redemption, either 
directly or indirectly, of any Equity Securities or any 
Parity Securities of the Issuer except in cases where, 
with respect to Equity Securities, such acquisition, 
repurchase or redemption was: 
(a) 
resulting from the hedging of convertible 
securities of the Issuer, stock options or 
other employee benefit plans; or  
(b) 
made in connection with the satisfaction by 
the Issuer of its obligations under any 
existing or future liquidity agreement (contrat 
de liquidité) managed by an investment 
services provider to repurchase its share 
capital from such investment services 
provider,  
save for, in each case, any compulsory dividend, other 
distribution, payment, repurchase, redemption or other 
acquisition required by the terms of such securities; and in 
the case of Parity Securities, any repurchase or other 
acquisition in whole or in part in a public tender offer or 
public exchange offer at a consideration per Parity Security 
below its par value. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes 
(Senior Notes only): 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
(Senior Notes only): 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be 
calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio. If the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or 
the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, as 
calculated is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
nominal amount. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the 
Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the 
Final Terms. 
Resettable 
Notes 
(Subordinated 
 
Notes 
only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, Resettable Notes for 
which the interest rate shall be a fixed interest rate resettable 
at different reset dates may be issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
17 
Denominations: 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set 
out 
in 
the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination(s)") 
subject 
to 
compliance 
with 
the 
regulations of the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified 
Currency 
and 
save 
that 
the 
minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market, or offered to retail investors, in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be Euro 1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date). Dematerialised 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
Events of Default (Senior 
Notes only): 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes.  
Enforcement Events, no 
Events of Default and no 
Cross 
Default 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
only): 
There will be no events of default nor cross default under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
However, 
each 
Subordinated 
Note 
shall 
become 
immediately due and payable at its Specified Denomination, 
together with accrued interest thereon, if any, up to the date 
of payment, and together with any Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the 
event that a judgment is made by a competent court for the 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire) or for 
the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) following an order of judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the 
event of the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an 
insolvency and where the successor, absorbing or resulting 
entity acquires all the assets and liabilities of the Issuer and 
assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction 
for, 
any 
taxes, 
duties, 
assessments 
or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon 
be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present 
or 
future 
taxes, 
duties, 
assessments 
or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to 
the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, subject to 
exceptions.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
18 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated “Baa1" (senior unsecured) 
/ “Ba2” (junior subordinated) by Moody’s France SAS 
(“Moody’s") and “BBB" (senior unsecured) / “B+“ (junior 
subordinated) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-
term senior debt has been rated (i) “Baa1" with stable 
outlook by Moody’s, (ii) “BBB" with stable outlook by S&P 
and (iii) “BBB+" with stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch Ratings"). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the 
Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
Restrictions may apply to the offer, sale or delivery of Notes 
and on the distribution of offering material in various 
jurisdictions. See section "Subscription and Sale" herein.   
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the Notes will be used by the Issuer 
either to (i) meet part of its general financing requirements, 
including the refinancing of any indebtedness such as 
oustanding senior unsecured notes or deeply subordinated 
notes issued under or outside the Programme or (ii) finance 
or refinance (a) renewable power projects, (b) hydropower 
generation including biodiversity, (c) energy efficiency 
projects, (d) distribution of electricity and (e) nuclear power 
generation, as further described in the Green Financing 
Framework of the Issuer, or (iii) finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, existing Eligible Projects as set out in the 
Social Bond Framework of the Issuer, or (iv) finance any 
other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer’s Green Financing Framework and Social Bond 
Framework have received a second party opinion. See 
section "Use of Proceeds" herein.  
Representation 
of 
Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (in each case, the "Masse") which will 
be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of 
the French Code de commerce, as amended and 
supplemented by the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes. 
The Masse will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of the Notes will be 
the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in 
such Series.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
RISK FACTORS 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are 
described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and 
the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision 
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks (in descending order of 
importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their 
occurrence. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes". 
A.1 Risks related to legal issues relating to the Notes  
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves credit risk on the Issuer which depends inter alia on the status 
and the ranking of the Notes (see “(3) Additional risks relating to the Senior Notes - Credit Risk” 
and to “(4) Additional risks relating to the Subordinated Notes - The Notes are deeply (i.e., lowest 
ranking) subordinated obligations of the Issuer”).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term senior debt has been rated (i) 
“Baa1" with stable outlook by Moody’s, (ii) “BBB" with stable outlook by S&P and (iii) “BBB+" with 
stable outlook by Fitch.  
If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be 
significant because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all 
or part of their investment. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including 
those arising from the Notes. Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may not 
be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies as a result 
of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, circumstances 
so warrant.The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the 
market value of the Notes. 
In addition, one or more independent credit rating agencies other than S&P, Moody's or Fitch 
Ratings could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable 
ratings assigned to the Notes by S&P, Moody's or Fitch Ratings, as the case may be, such 
unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
French insolvency law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer 
becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by insolvency laws of

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
France to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under 
Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 was 
implemented into French law by Order (ordonnance) 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 which 
amended French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. According to the Order, "affected parties" (including notably 
creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as well as secured and unsecured receivables, shall 
be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate 
on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer 
benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) 
and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. The decision 
of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of 
affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with 
the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-class cram down, 
under certain conditions.  
The provisions relating to the Masse described in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not be applicable to the 
extent they do not comply with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected 
parties could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part 
of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from 
the Issuer. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes contain provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting 
them by way of consultation in writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. 
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders which did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant 
General Meeting, Noteholders which voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders 
who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution.  
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a 
proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such modification were to impair 
or limit the rights of Noteholders, this could have a negative impact on the market value of the 
Notes.  
In addition, Condition 11.4.3 (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and in Condition 11.4.3 (Exclusion of certain 
provisions of the French Code de commerce)  of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes provide that Articles L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° (respectively providing for the prior approval 
by the General Meeting of the Noteholders of (i) any proposal to change in corporate purpose or 
form of the Issuer, (ii) any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in 
Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce (but only to the extent that such 
proposal does relate to a merger or demerger with another entity of the EDF Group) or (iii) any

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
issue of bonds benefiting from security (sûreté réelle)) does not apply to the Notes. As a result of 
these exclusions, no General Meeting may be held or a Written Resolution submitted and no early 
redemption of any Note by the Issuer may be requested by the Noteholders in respect of any 
event mentioned above, which may affect materially and adversely the interests of the 
Noteholders.  
A.2 Risk related to the market generally 
No active secondary market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Although particular series of Notes may specify that 
they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market 
in the EEA (as the case may be), any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted to 
trading or an active trading market may not develop. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
an adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, 
they could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where 
the Notes will be admitted to trading. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of 
Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or 
any other stock exchange, as the case may be, following the passporting of this Base Prospectus. 
Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and 
a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and 
yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally 
and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be 
able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due 
to the impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time. 
Over the past months inflation rates have risen in the EU, as in many other countries, due to a 
number of factors, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine that is leading to higher energy and 
commodity prices. 
The Programme allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders 
(Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes), Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders (Condition 
5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), Notes with an initial fixed rate of interest that is later reset 
based on a Reset Rate (Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
and Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice 
versa (Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(e) of the

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), all of which do not contain any protection for 
Noteholders from the effect of inflation (as opposed to Inflation Linked Notes). 
The real return (or yield) on an investment in such Notes will be reduced by inflation. 
Consequently, the higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Note will be. If the 
inflation rate is equal to or greater than the yield under a Note, the real yield a holder of such Note 
will achieve will be zero or even negative. Further, even when the Notes are redeemed at their 
nominal amount at maturity it will not protect Noteholders from the effect of inflation over time.  
Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Notes, and 
potential investors should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation 
is anticipated to rise over the term of the Notes) before purchasing Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
A.3 Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of 
Notes may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such 
Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, 
redemption and issue price. A description of the most common risks associated with such 
structures and features is set out below: 
(1) 
Interest Rate Risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed 
Rate Notes") to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes and 
potentially decrease the yield.  
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note 
or within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically 
varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Notes varies in the 
opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Notes typically 
decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market 
Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such 
Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of 
the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the principal by the Noteholder may 
be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the 
total amount of the principal.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate 
of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders. Investment in Floating Rate Notes comprises 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such 
reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the Issuer 
may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time 
negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating 
rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant 
margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest 
amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the 
initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes 
and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.  
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, 
so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and 
therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing to “benchmarks" 
In accordance with Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 5(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, and where the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to reference rates or mid-swap rates, which are deemed 
to be “benchmarks" (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR") and the Constant 
Maturity Swap (“CMS”) rate), such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could 
have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the European Union. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended ("EUWA") 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). 
Among other things, the Benchmarks Regulation (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Similarly, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Conditions Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances: 
- 
a rate or an index deemed to be a “benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity 
in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based 
in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark" are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to critical benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate 
a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain 
Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback 
provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to 
a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, a benchmark is replaced 
by another benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying 
market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory 
replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This staturory replacement could have a 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the 
Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. In 
addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated 
regulations and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended 
until the end of 2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the 
end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore uncertainties in relation to the potential impact of 
these legislative developments.  
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which 
are linked to or referencing such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to such Notes (it being specified that if "Benchmark Replacement" 
applies, a specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on 
any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" below). Depending on the manner in which 
a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination or FBF Determination applies, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing 
a "benchmark". 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and unless 
"Benchmark Replacement" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Not Applicable", Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) 
or other relevant reference rate (such as CMS Rate but shall exclude SOFR and SONIA), and/or 
any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Calculation 
Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest 
on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with or without the application of an 
adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a 
view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders, provided that, with respect 
to Subordinated Notes, even if a Benchmark Event occurs, Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not apply and no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor will any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes be made if, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” (or such 
other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which 
an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) assigned to the Notes by any 
Rating Agency when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to 
the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise 
prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest 
for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Subject to the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at any time, 
the provisions regarding the determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the effective 
conversion into fixed rate notes may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually applicable to such Notes. In the event 
of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any 
potentially favourable prevailing market conditions.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return 
on any such Notes.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked 
to or referencing a “benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark". The

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) in the circumstances described above and any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences which may not be favourable to each Noteholder (depending on 
particular circumstances of the relevant  Noteholder).  
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to the relevant Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount 
invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) 
as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordianted Notes allow Notes referencing SONIA and SOFR to be issued. 
Such risk free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk 
free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk 
free rate or Notes referencing such risk free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or 
actual historical performance data. In addition, risk free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk free rate or an arithmetic average of 
the risk free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk 
free rates continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for 
calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free 
rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect 
the market value of Notes issued under the Programme.  
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free will be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which 
reference such risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent 
for Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(e) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of 
interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa. Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/ Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
the prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, 
but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to the risk factors "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market 
values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be 
exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities.  
(2) 
Early redemption 
Early redemption risk  
The Issuer has the option to redeem, in whole or in part (as applicable), the Senior Notes:  
- 
under a call option as provided in Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms 
so specify; or  
- 
under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or  
- 
under a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(e) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms so specify; or  
- 
under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or 
- 
if it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more obligations 
under the Senior Notes by reason of any change in French law or published regulations, 
as provided in Condition 6(l) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes. 
The Issuer has also the option to redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes:  
- 
under an optional redemption as provided in Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms so specify; or

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
- 
under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms so specify; or  
- 
under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms so specify; or  
- 
if an Accounting Event occurs as provided in Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms so specify; or  
- 
if an Rating Methodology Event occurs as provided in Condition 6(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms so specify. 
In the event the Issuer redeems the Notes as described above, if the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. An investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
In particular, with respect to the clean-up call option, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes for the Issuer to inform investors 
and the Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75% (or any other higher percentage as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes of 
a particular Series of Notes purchased or redeemed has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of 
a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for taxation reasons  
The Issuer may and, in certain circumstances shall, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding 
under Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Tax Gross-up Event, 
a Withholding Tax Event and, in the event of Subordinated Notes, a Tax Deductibility Event. As 
a consequence, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may not be able to do so at the same yield than the redeemed Notes. 
(3) 
Additional risks relating to the Senior Notes 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Senior Notes involves credit risk on the Issuer. As contemplated in Condition 
3 (Status of the Notes), the Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees. The value of the Senior Notes will 
depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer.  
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allow the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes (see 
Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes)). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially 
stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because 
the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments 
such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes), the Issuer may issue 
Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for 
predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which the principal is indexed. Interest 
amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the performance of either (i) the consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") 
or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") (each an "Index" or "Inflation Index" 
and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior 
to maturity is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at 
the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or 
the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. 
However, if the result of the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount is below par, then the Inflation Linked Notes will be 
redeemed at their nominal amount and investors may receive no interest or only receive a limited 
amount of interest. 
Due to varying interest income under Inflation Linked Notes, investors in Inflation Linked Notes 
are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may adversely affect the 
value of such Notes and, as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment.  
Risks related to partial redemption by the Issuer of the Senior Notes 
The Call Option as provided in Condition 6(b) and the Make-Whole Redemption as provided in 
Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes are exercisable in whole or in 
part. If the Issuer decides to redeem the Senior Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be 
effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount 
of all such Senior Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). The exercise 
of such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Senior Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Senior Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on 
the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Senior Notes so reduced, any trading market 
in respect of those Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid.   
Risk related to the exercise of the Put Option by the Noteholders 
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows the Noteholders to exercise 
the Put Option with respect to a Series of Senior Notes. Depending on the number of Senior 
Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is exercised, any trading market in 
respect of those Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid.  
Risks Relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Senior Notes denominated in RMB (“RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB 
Notes contain particular risks for potential investors, including the following: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and 
the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Senior Notes 
are denominated in Renminbi. Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The 
government of the PRC (the “PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion between 
Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility 
to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will 
not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance 
of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the 
currency, the PRC Government may  impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its 
obligations under the RMB Notes may be adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to 
constraints imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. A new PRC law and 
regulations could be promulgated or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain 
financial institutions in respect of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC could be 
terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect of restricting availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, 
to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part 
of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the 
prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
(4) 
Additional risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are deeply (i.e., lowest ranking) subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and Noteholders of Subordinated Notes face a significantly higher risk of loss of 
principal than holders of unsubordinated and ordinary subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (such as the Senior Notes)  
Pursuant to Condition 3(a) (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier 
rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank (i) subordinated to present and future titres participatifs
or prêts participatifs issued by or granted to the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and 
Unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
all other present and future deeply subordinated obligations (engagements subordonnés de 
dernier rang) of the Issuer (including the Parity Securities) and (iii) senior only to the Equity 
Securities. As at 30 June 2023, the Group current and non-current financial liabilities represented 
€119,564 million and was unsecured, ranking senior to the Subordinated Notes (compared to 
€142,902 million as at 31 December 2022). As at 30 June 2023, the Issuer’s perpetual 
subordinated bonds carried in equity amounted to €12,009 million (less net-of-tax transaction 
costs) ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes (compared to €11,722 million as at 31 
December 2022).

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
Condition 3(b) (Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides that in the event of any judgment rendered 
by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in 
the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) 
subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the 
Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors under 
the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations, of the ordinary subordinated creditors under the Issuer’s 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and, of lenders in relation to titres participatifs or prêts 
participatifs issued by or to be issued by or granted to or to be granted to the Issuer, if and to the 
extent that there is still cash available for those payments.  
Thus, the Noteholders face a significantly higher risk of loss in principal than holders of 
unsubordinated and ordinary subordinated obligations of the Issuer (such as the Senior Notes) 
which could result in (i) a loss of all or a part of a Noteholder’s investment in the event of a 
liquidation and (ii) more volatility in the market value of the Subordinated Notes as compared to 
senior obligations issued by the Issuer. In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Subordinated 
Notes shall rank in priority only to any payment to holders of Equity Securities. In the event of 
incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to the Noteholders, the obligations of the Issuer 
and the respective Noteholders’ interests will be terminated which could result in a loss of all or a 
part of a Noteholder’s investment.  
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with, the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides 
that there will be no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, there are 
no restrictions in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes on the amount of debt 
which the Issuer may issue or guarantee. The Issuer, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, may incur 
additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including 
indebtedness or guarantees that rank pari passu with, or senior in priority of payment to, the 
Subordinated Notes. An increase of the outstanding amount of such securities or other liabilities 
may if such outstanding amount were to exceed the assets of the Issuer materially reduce the 
amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer and Noteholders could 
suffer loss of their entire investment if the Issuer were to be liquidated (whether voluntarily or not). 
If the amount of interests due under such securities or other liabilities increases it significantly 
increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes and as a 
result Noteholders could suffer a significant reduction in the return of the Subordinated Notes.
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities. 
Pursuant to Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption), the Subordinated Notes may be Undated Notes, 
with no specified maturity date. Subject to any early redemption described in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes at 
any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders should not expect the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes and 
the Issuer may only redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes if it is in its interest to do so 
and may choose to redeem or repurchase other securities in priority to the Subordinated Notes. 
In this regard, the Issuer may take into account various factors, including market conditions, 
benefits afforded by the Subordinated Notes and the relative cost of refinancing the Subordinated 
Notes at the relevant time. Any decision to redeem the Subordinated Notes will be taken at the 
Issuer's entire discretion. Therefore, Noteholders may be bear a material financial risks of an 
investment in the Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of time and may not recover their 
investment in a foreseeable future. The only means through which a Noteholder can realise value 
from the Subordinated Notes prior to an early redemption is to sell them at their then market value 
in an available secondary market. As a result, in the absence of a secondary market for the 
Subordinated Notes, a Noteholder may not recover all or part of their investment in the 
foreseeable future. Therefore the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may not be repaid 
and Noteholders may lose the value of their capital investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer can defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
As provided by Condition 5(k)(i) (Optional Interest Payment) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, on any applicable Interest Payment Date, the Issuer may elect to defer 
payment of all or part of the interest accrued on the Subordinated Notes to that date, and the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any failure to pay shall not 
constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. Any interest not paid on an Interest Payment 
Date and deferred shall, so long as the same remains outstanding, constitute Arrears of Interest 
and shall be payable as provided in Condition 5(k)(ii) (Compulsory Payment of Arrears of Interest). 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount) in respect of all Subordinated 
Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on 
whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
the tenth Business Day following the occurrence of a Compulsory Arrears of Interest 
Payment Event; or 
(ii) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to 
defer all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
the date of any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the provisions 
relating to redemption of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(iv) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a competent court for the voluntary or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) following an order of judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and 
where the successor, absorbing or resulting entity acquires all the assets and liabilities of 
the Issuer and assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes).  
Any deferral of interest payments or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional deferral 
right would have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, as a result of such interest deferral provisions, the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes may be more volatile than the market value of other debt securities on which interest 
accrues that are not subject to such interest deferral provisions. As a result, the market value of 
the Subordinated Notes may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer and/or 
the Group’s financial condition and Noteholders may receive less interest than initially anticipated 
or at a later date than initially anticipated. As a result, the market value of the Subordinated Notes 
or liquidity on the secondary market may be materially and negatively affected. 
The Subordinated Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Subordinated Notes may appear, in 
trading systems with accrued interest. Purchasers of Subordinated Notes in the secondary market 
may pay a price which reflects such accrued interest on purchase of the Subordinated Notes. If 
one or several interest payments are deferred, a purchaser of Subordinated Notes in the 
secondary market may not be entitled to the accrued interest (or part thereof) reflected in the 
purchase price of the Subordinated Notes, which would cause the relevant Noteholders to lose 
all or part of the value of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes. 
Unlike unsubordinated debt securities (such as the Senior Notes), the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default or cross default allowing acceleration 
of the Subordinated Notes upon occurrence of certain events (as provided by Condition 9 
(Enforcement events, no events of default and no cross default)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, or default on other of its outstanding 
indebtedness, Noteholders will have no right to cause the acceleration of the principal of the 
Subordinated Notes. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated 
Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, therefore, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected. 
Changes in equity credit criteria may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Credit ratings may be assigned to the Subordinated Notes. Each relevant rating agency may 
change its methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes in 
the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior 
securities and/or ratings assigned to an issuer on a standalone basis (which reflect the Issuer’s 
credit profile without factoring in any potential support from the State) and ratings assigned to 
securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes, sometimes called “notching.” If the 
rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and the 
ratings of the Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative 
impact on the trading price of the Subordinated Notes. 
If an amendment, clarification or change in the equity credit criteria of the relevant rating agency 
of equivalent international standing solicited by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit rating to the 
Issuer or to the Subordinated Notes, results in a lower equity credit for any or all of the 
Subordinated Notes than the then respective equity credit assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
on the Issue Date, or (i) if equity credit is not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the 
equity credit is assigned for the first time, or (ii) if the Subordinated Notes have been partially or 
fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such rating 
agency in part or in full as a result, any or all of the Subordinated Notes would no longer have 
been eligible as a result of such amendment to, clarification of or, change in the assessment 
criteria or in the interpretation thereof had they not been re-financed, the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only), as set forth under Condition 6(h)
(Optional Redemption due to Rating Methodology Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes if Redemption following a Rating Methodology Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer 
or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect 
the market value of the Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes 
at such time be trading above or well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on 
the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
The IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the undated 
Subordinated Notes as equity instruments may change 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Undated Notes 
may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Optional Redemption due to Accounting Event) and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The classification of Undated Notes initially as equity may be changed to liability or 
alternatively the classification of Undated Notes initially as liability may change to equity. Either 
such initial classification may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For example, in June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the 
DP/2018/1 Paper. The IASB Board decided to move the project to its standard-setting programme 
at the December 2020 Board meeting. The next milestone is to produce an exposure draft, 
expected by the end of 2023. While the final timing and outcome are uncertain, if the proposals 
set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper (as may be amended) are implemented, the current IFRS 
accounting classification of financial instruments such as certain of the Undated Notes as equity 
instruments may change to a classification as liability.  
The redemption of the Undated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will exercise 
its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Undated Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Undated Notes, the market value of the 
Undated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
redeemed. Should the Undated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set 
for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off 
In accordance with Condition 3(c) (Prohibition of set-off) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder will be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to applicable law. As 
a result, a Noteholder which is also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation 
against any sum due to it by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off 
could therefore have an adverse impact on the counterparty risk for a Noteholder in the event that 
the Issuer were to become insolvent. 
The occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of and return on any Resettable Notes 
Condition 5(c)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
Resettable Notes, including if the Original Mid-Swap Rate, and/or any page on which the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Resettable 
Notes by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or 
otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, with or without the 
application of an Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate and/or 
the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
In addition, even if a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs, Condition 5(c)(ii) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not apply and no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Resettable Notes be made if in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of 
“equity credit” assigned to the Resettable Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the 
“equity credit” assigned to the Resettable Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the 
eligibility of the Resettable Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Reset Period, including where no 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) is determined, may 
be that the rate of interest for such Reset Period be based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Reset Period (for the avoidance of doubt, for the first Reset Determination 
Date, the Reset Rate should be the Initial Reset Reference Rate). This ultimate fallback may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Notes. Subject to the right for the Issuer to 
re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the effective conversion into fixed rate notes may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Resettable Notes as the fixed rate may be lower 
than the rates usually applicable to such Resettable Notes. In the event of the application of a 
fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially favourable 
prevailing market conditions.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Mid-Swap Rates or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  Any such consequences could have 
a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any such Resettable Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Resettable 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Resettable Notes. The Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the 
relevant Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above and any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences 
which may not be favourable to each Noteholder (depending on particular circumstances of the 
relevant  Noteholder).  
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to the relevant Resettable Notes to be reset by reference to a Mid-Swap Rate because the 
occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal 
amount invested in the relevant Resettable Notes. 
The reset of the rate of interest applicable to Resettable Notes may significantly affect the 
secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allows for Resettable Notes 
to be issued. In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable 
Notes will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Reset Rate, such as the Mid-Swap Rate, 
the GBP Reference Rate or the CMT Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset 
dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with 
such provisions may significantly affect the secondary market for and the market value of such 
Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the Resettable 
Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A Noteholder of Resettable Notes is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income and may be 
significantly impacted by such fluctuations. 
A.4 Risks relating to the use of the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds (i.e. Green Bonds and Social Bonds) 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to issue "green bonds" or "social bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of 
the Green Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds") or from any of the Social Eligible 
Projects (such Notes being "Social Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this 
Base Prospectus and of the relevant Final Terms. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable”. The European Union adopted on 18 
June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria 
for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the 
purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The 
EU Taxonomy establishes a single EU wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides 
companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can 
be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining which 
economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation 
or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
However, the EU Taxonomy and the Commission Delegated Regulation specified above remain 
subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities. In light of the 
continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Green Eligible Projects and/or the Social 
Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final Terms) 
will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
The second party opinion provided by CICERO Shades of Green in respect of the Green 
Financing Framework and Standard & Poor’s in respect of the Social Bond Framework or any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible 
Projects and/or any Social Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such 
listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, 
any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects may 
not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with 
any timing schedule and, accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for 
such projects, and such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification will not constitute an 
redemption event or an event of default under the Notes. In addition, it may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance such projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose and, 
consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
B. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
For details on the risk factors relating to the Issuer and the EDF Group, please refer to pages 104 
to 131 of the 2022 URD (as defined in section "Information Incorporated by Reference") which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following risk factors are identified as the main risk factors specific to the Issuer and the EDF 
Group: 
The risks must be read in their entirety, as some of them may be interdependent. 
Risks are divided into five categories described in sections 2.2.1 to 2.2.5 of the 2022 URD: 
 
Section 2.2.1 “Market regulation, political and legal risks” describes the risks related to 
changes in public policy and regulation in the countries and territories where the Group 
operates, as well as the legal risks to which the Group is exposed; 
 
Section  2.2.2 “Financial and market risks” describes the risks arising from exposure to 
the energy markets in which the Group operates, as well as risks related to changes in 
the financial markets and the reliability of the related information; 
 
Section  2.2.3 “Group transformation and strategic risks” describes the risks related to 
the Group’s ability to adapt, particularly in terms of strategy and skills, in response to the 
needs for transformation brought about by climate change, new competition, and 
technological and societal changes;

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
 
Section  2.2.4 “Risks related to operational performance” describes the risks related to 
the control of the Group’s operating activities across its various industrial projects and 
activities. In particular, this section describes the Group’s risk relating to current and/or 
future EPR projects, which is a major risk; 
 
Section  2.2.5 “Specific risks related to nuclear activities” supplements section  2.2.4 for 
activities relating to the Group’s nuclear activities (nuclear safety, operation, fuel cycle 
and long-term commitments).  
The risks are outlined in detail in each of the relevant sections for their respective category.

--- Page 38 ---
Retail cascades 
38 
RETAIL CASCADES 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France and/or in any other Member State of the European 
Union to which the Base Prospectus has been passported from time to time (the "Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions") that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer"), the Issuer consents to the use of the 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a 
Non-exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Offer Period") and in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by: 
1. 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to MiFID II, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
2. 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
following conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, 
without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability 
of any investment in the Notes by an investor and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) 
complies with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies with the determination 
of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II Product Governance" legend set out in the relevant Final 
Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions, rebate or benefits of any kind) 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes 
does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential 
investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in 
connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(f) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in 
order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) above are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror".  
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to 
ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final 
Terms, for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror 
and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given. However, none of 
the Issuer or any Dealer shall have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules 
or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date 
falling 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given 
its consent to use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to 
additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will 
publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time

--- Page 39 ---
Retail cascades 
39 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at 
(www.edf.fr/groupe-edf). 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during 
the Offer Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer 
Period, to publish on its website that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached 
thereto. 
Other than as set out above, none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers has authorised the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted 
to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on 
behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors shall have any responsibility or liability to any investor 
purchasing Notes pursuant to such offers or for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do 
so, and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, 
in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such Investor including as to price, allocations, settlement arrangements and 
any costs and taxes to be invoiced to investors (the "Specific Terms of the Non-exempt 
Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than 
Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not, and any Final Terms will not, contain such information. The Specific 
Terms of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror 
at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. None of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors shall have any responsibility or liability for such information or the 
consequences of its use by the relevant investors.

--- Page 40 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The sections referred to in the table below included in the following documents are hereby 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the half-year financial report as at 30 June 2023 (rapport financier semestriel au 30 juin 
2023) in the French language (the "2023 Half-Year Financial Report"), which contains 
the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the 
period ending on 30 June 2023 and the statutory auditors’ review report on such 
condensed financial statements; 
(b) 
the 2022 universal registration document (the “2022 URD”) in the French language filed 
with the AMF under no. D.23-0122 on 21 March 2023 prepared by the Issuer, which 
contains the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the statutory auditors report on such financial statements; 
(c) 
the 2021 universal registration document (the “2021 URD”) in the French language filed 
with the AMF under no. D.22-0110 on 17 March 2022 prepared by the Issuer, which 
contains the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the statutory auditors report on such financial statements; 
(d) 
the press release dated 27 July 2023 in the French language relating to the 2023 half-
year results (the "2023 Half-Year Results") with the exception of page 2 (“Objectifs 2023 
rehaussés”); 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" (pages 47 to 100) (the “EMTN 
2022 Senior Conditions”) and the section “Terms and Conditions of the Suborddinated 
Notes” (pages 101 to 159) (the “EMTN 2022 Subordinated Conditions”) contained in 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 June 2022 filed with the AMF under number 
22-208 on  13 June 2022 (https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/2022-06/prospectus-base-
emtn-2022.pdf);
(f) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" (pages 92 to 144) contained in 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 11 October 2021 filed with the AMF under number 
21-441 on 11 October 2021 (the "EMTN 2021 Conditions"); 
(g) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
21 November 2019 (pages 70 to 113) filed with the AMF under number 19-540 on 21 
November 2019 (the "EMTN 2019 Conditions"); 
(h) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
14 September 2018 (pages 130 to 169) filed with the AMF under number 18-432 on 14 
September 2018 (the "EMTN 2018 Conditions"); 
(i) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
14 September 2016 (pages 127 to 168) filed with the AMF under number 16-433 on 14 
September 2016 (the "EMTN 2016 Conditions"); 
(j) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
1 July 2015 (pages 115 to 156) filed with the AMF under number 15-330 on 1 July 2015 
(the "EMTN 2015 Conditions"); and 
(k) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
17 June 2013 (pages 109 to 149) filed with the AMF under number 13-280 on 17 June 
2013 (the "EMTN 2013 Conditions" and together with the EMTN 2015 Conditions, the 
EMTN 2016 Conditions, the EMTN 2018 Conditions, the EMTN 2019 Conditions, the 
EMTN 2021 Conditions, the EMTN 2022 Senior Conditions and the EMTN 2022 
Subordinated Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"). 
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that

--- Page 41 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
41 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, be part of this Base Prospectus. 
For as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, copies of this Base 
Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to the Notes will be available for viewing on the 
Issuer’s website (www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal 
business hours from Électricité de France, 22-30, avenue de Wagram, 75008 Paris, France. 
Free English translations of the 2021 URD, the 2022 URD, the 2023 Half-Year Management 
Report and the 2023 Half-Year Results are available on the website of the Issuer for information 
purposes only. These documents are free translations of the corresponding French language 
documents and are furnished for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any information on the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the cross-reference table 
below. For the avoidance of doubt, non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above are 
either non-relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 as 
amended - Registration document for retail non-equity securities 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
2. STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1. 
Names and addresses of the Issuer’s auditors for the 
period covered by the historical financial information 
(together with their membership in a professional 
body). 
Chapter 8, Section 8.2 (page 594) 
(2022 URD) 
2.2. 
If auditors have resigned, been removed or not been 
re-appointed during the period covered by the 
historical financial information, details if material. 
N/A 
3.RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the Issuer and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’.  
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror or person asking 
for admission to trading on a Regulated Market, 
taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer 
and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
Chapter 2, Section 2.2 (pages 104-
131) (2022 URD) 
Section 9 (page 32) (HYFR) 
4.INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER

--- Page 42 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
42 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
4.1. 
History and development of the Issuer
Chapter 1, Section 1.2.2 (pages 12-
13) (2022 URD) 
4.1.1 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
Chapter 7, Section 7.1.1 (page 572) 
(2022 URD) 
4.1.2 
Place of registration of the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier (LEI) 
Chapter 7, Section 7.1.2 (page 572) 
(2022 URD) 
Chapter 8, Section 8.3 (page 595) 
(2022 URD) 
4.1.3 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Issuer 
Chapter 7, Section 7.1.3 (page 572) 
(2022 URD) 
4.1.4 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its 
registered office and website of the Issuer. 
Chapter 
7, 
Section 
7.1.1 
and 
Section 7.1.4 (page 572) (2022
URD) 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events 
Chapter 5, Section 5.2 (page 357), 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3, notes 2.2.9 
(pages 499-500), note 3.1 (pages 
501-503), note 22.1 (page 523), 
22.3 (page 524), note 35.1.1. (page 
553) and note 37 (page 554) (2022
URD) 
Section 1 (pages 6-7), Section 3.1 
(page 13), Section 11 (page 32), 
note 2 (pages 46-47),  note 5.1.1 
(pages 51-54), note 5.3 (page 57), 
note 20 (page 98) (HYFR)  
2023 Half-Year Results (pages 1-2
with the exception of the paragraph
“Objectifs 2023 rehaussés” and 
pages 3-13)  
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the Issuer’s 
borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year. 
Chapter 6, Section 6.1, note 18.3 
(pages 459-463) (2022 URD) 
Section 5 (pages 22-23) (HYFR) 
5.BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1.
Principal activities 
5.1.1 
A description of the Issuer’s principal activities, 
including (a) the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; (b) an indication of any 
significant new products or activities; (c) the principal 
markets in which the Issuer competes. 
Chapter 1, Section 1.4 (pages 21-
90) 
5.1.2 
Basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position 
Chapter 1, Section 1.4.2.1.1 (page 
49), (2022 URD)

--- Page 43 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
43 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
6.ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
Brief description of the group and of the Issuer’s 
position within it. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
Chapter 1, Section 1.2.1 (pages 10-
11) (2022 URD) 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
N/A 
7.TREND INFORMATION 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, 
commitments 
or 
events 
that 
are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the 
issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial 
year. 
Chapter 5, Section 5.4 (page 358) 
(2022 URD), Section 2 (pages 8-12) 
(HYMR) 
9.ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in the 
Issuer 
of 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies 
Chapter 4, Section 4.2 (pages 298-
324) (2022 URD) 
Section 3.1 (page 13) (HYFR) 
9.2 
Administrative, 
Management 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
Chapter 4, Section 4.4.1 (page 326) 
(2022 URD) 
10.MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the 
Issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and 
by whom and describe the nature of such control, 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused 
Chapter 7, Section 7.3.8 (pages 
584) (2022 URD) 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Issuer 
Chapter 7, Section 7.3.9 (page 584) 
(2022 URD) 
11.FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. 
Historical Financial Information 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (or such shorter period as 
the Issuer has been in operation) and the audit report 
in respect of each year. 
Chapter 6, Section 6.1 (pages 362-
484) and Section 6.2 (pages 485-
488) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.1 (pages 332-
452) and Section 6.2 (pages 453-
456) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2021 (2021 URD)

--- Page 44 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
44 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
11.1.2 
If the Issuer has changed its accounting reference 
date during the period for which historical financial 
information is required, the audited historical 
financial information shall cover at least 24 months, 
or the entire period for which the Issuer has been in 
operation, whichever is shorter. 
N/A 
11.1.3 
The 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable, 
the financial information must be prepared in 
accordance with either: (a) a Member State’s 
national accounting standards for issuers from the 
EEA, as required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; (b) a 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third 
country issuers. If such third country’s national 
accounting 
standards 
are 
not 
equivalent 
to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, the financial 
statements shall be restated in compliance with that 
Regulation. 
Chapter 6, Section 6.1, note 1 
(pages 369-372) for the year ended 
31 December 2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.1, note 1 
(pages 339-343) for the year ended 
31 December 2021 (2021 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3, note 1 
(pages 495-496) for the year ended 
31 December 2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3, note 1 
(pages 463-470) for the year ended 
31 December 2021 (2021 URD) 
Note 1 (pages 44-45) as at and for 
the period ending on 30 June 2023 
(HYFR) 
11.1.4 
Change of accounting framework 
The last audited historical financial information, 
containing comparative information for the previous 
year, must be presented and prepared in a form 
consistent with the accounting standards framework 
that will be adopted in the issuer’s next published 
annual financial statements. 
Changes within the issuer’s existing accounting 
framework do not require the audited financial 
statements to be restated. However, if the issuer 
intends to adopt a new accounting standards 
framework in its next published financial statements, 
the latest year of financial statements must be 
prepared and audited in line with the new framework.
N /A 
11.1.5 
Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the 
financial information required under this heading 
must include at least the following: 
(a)  
balance sheet 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (pages 492-
493) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (pages 460-
461) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2021 (2021 URD)

--- Page 45 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
45 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
(b) the income statement 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (page 491) 
for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (page 459) 
for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (2021 URD) 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (page 494) 
for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (page 462) 
for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (2021 URD) 
(d) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (pages 495-
554) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2022 (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.3 (pages 457-
516) 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2021 (2021 URD) 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
Chapter 6 (pages 361-488) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 
(2022 URD) 
Chapter 6 (pages 332-456) for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
(2021 URD) 
11.1.7 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information statements may not be older 
than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document 
Chapter 6 (pages 361-488) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 
(2022 URD) 
11.2
Interim and other financial information
11.2.1 
If the issuer has published quarterly or half yearly 
financial information since the date of its last audited 
financial statements, these must be included in the 
registration document. If the quarterly or half yearly 
financial information has been reviewed or audited, 
the audit or review report must also be included. If 
the quarterly or half yearly financial information is not 
audited or has not been reviewed state that fact. 
If the registration document is dated more than nine 
months after the date of the last audited financial 
statements, 
it 
must 
contain 
interim 
financial 
information, 
Pages 36-98 as at and for the period 
ending on 30 June 2023 (HYFR)  
Pages 33-35 at and for the period 
ending on 30 June 2023 (HYFR) 
(statutory auditors’ review report on 
the 
2023 
Half-Year 
Financial 
Statements)

--- Page 46 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
46 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
which may be unaudited (in which case that fact must 
be stated) covering at least the first six months of the 
financial year. 
Interim financial information prepared in accordance 
with either the requirements of the Directive 
2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as the 
case may be. 
For 
issuers 
not 
subject 
to 
either 
Directive 
2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, the 
interim 
financial 
information 
must 
include 
comparative statements for the same period in the 
prior financial year, except that the requirement for 
comparative balance sheet information may be 
satisfied by presenting the year’s end balance sheet.
11.3. 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Chapter 6, Section 6.2 (pages 485-
488) (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.2 (pages 453-
456) (2021 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.4 (pages 555-
557) (2022 URD) 
Chapter 6, Section 6.4 (pages 517-
519) (2021 URD) 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 do not apply: 
(a) the historical financial information must be 
audited or reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it gives a true 
and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard. 
(b) if audit reports on the historical financial 
information contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full and 
the reasons given 
11.3.2 
Indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
11.3.3 
Where financial information in the registration 
document is not extracted from the issuer’s audited 
financial statements state the source of the data and 
state that the data is not audited. 
N/A 
11.4
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings
Chapter 6, Section 6.3, note 29.2 
(pages 
544-545), 
Chapitre 
7, 
Section 
7.1.5 
(pages 
572-573) 
(2022 URD)

--- Page 47 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
47 
Rule 
2022 URD / 2021 URD / 2023 Half-
Year Financial Report 
(HYFR)* 
Section 10 (page 32) (HYFR) 
Note 16.3 (pages 87-88) (HYFR) 
12.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 
Share Capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and 
classes of the shares of which it is composed with 
details of their principal characteristics, the part of the 
issued capital still to be paid up, with an indication of 
the number, or total nominal value, and type of the 
shares not yet fully paid up, broken down where 
applicable according to the extent to which they have 
been paid up. 
Note 13.1 (pages 77) (HYFR)  
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
Chapter 7, Section 7.1 (pages 572-
574), Section 7.2 (pages 575-577) 
(2022 URD) 
The register and the entry number therein, if 
applicable, and a description of the Issuer’s objects 
and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
13.MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
13.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts 
Chapter 7, Section 7.6 (page 590) 
(2022 URD) 
14.DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
14.1 
A statement that for the term of the registration 
document the documents can be inspected 
Chapter 8, Section 8.3 (page 595) 
(2022 URD) 
* Page references to the HYFR are to the PDF document number. 
Investors should when reading the information incorporated by reference take into account the 
"Recent Events" section of this Base Prospectus which may modify or supersede the information 
incorporated by reference. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2022 Senior Conditions 
Pages 47 to 100 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 13 June 2022 
EMTN 2022 Subordinated Conditions 
Pages 101 to 159 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 13 June 2022 
EMTN 2021 Conditions 
Pages 92 to 144 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 11 October 2021 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 70 to 113 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 21 November 2019

--- Page 48 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
48 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2018 Conditions  
Pages 130 to 169 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 14 September 2018 
EMTN 2016 Conditions 
Pages 127 to 168 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 14 September 2016 
EMTN 2015 Conditions 
Pages 115 to 156 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 1 July 2015 
EMTN 2013 Conditions 
Pages 109 to 149 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 17 June 2013 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series 
with Notes already issued pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. Non-incorporated 
parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 13 June 2022, 11 October 2021, 21 November 
2019, 14 September 2018, 14 September 2016, 1 July 2015 and 17 June 2013 respectively are 
not relevant for investors.

--- Page 49 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
49 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will 
be submitted to the AMF for approval. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and the Issuer (www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and (b) available for inspection, 
upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered 
office of the Issuer. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the 
prospectus relates to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for any such Notes before the supplement to this Base Prospectus is 
published shall have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of such 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of the offer period or the delivery of the 
Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal as well as persons whom investors 
may contact should they wish to exercise the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the relevant 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 50 ---
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Material Bearer Notes 
50 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection 
with Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit with a nominal 
amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a 
nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
(a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes 
are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary 
Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue 
of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on 
physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to Senior Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Électricité de France (the "Issuer") with the benefit of an amended and 
restated agency agreement dated 7 August 2023 between the Issuer, Société Générale as fiscal 
agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Amended and Restated Agency Agreement"). The functions of Aether Financial Services as 
make-whole calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the Issuer and 
Aether Financial Services. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Calculation 
Agent(s) and the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent"). 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. Unless otherwise provided for, all references in these Conditions to a "day" 
shall be to a calendar day. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte-titres). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article 
R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as 
specified in the relevant final terms ("Final Terms"), in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books 
of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or 
indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
52 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer 
Notes"). Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued 
with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a 
"Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
In accordance with Article L.211-3 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to 
compliance with the regulations of the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, or offered to retail investors, in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") will be Euro 1,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency at the issue date). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where 
appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue 
("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or 
"Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" 
being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
(v) 
Unless expressly specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, in accordance with Article L.228-2 of the French Code de

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
53 
commerce, at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the "EC"), as amended from time to time (the 
"Treaty")), or events have occurred which have substantially the same 
effect, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as 
described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination 
Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) 
(Redenomination) shall be made by converting the principal amount of 
each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council 
of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher 
than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final 
Terms to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference 
to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and 
the Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant 
to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14 (Further 
Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
54 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses 
or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered 
dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. 
The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in Condition 5 
(Interest and Other Calculations)), the Issuer has agreed that it will not create or 
have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest upon 
the whole or any part of its undertaking, revenues or assets, present or future, in 
order to secure any Indebtedness (as defined below), or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness, without at the same time according to 
the Notes the same security. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4 and Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Issuer which, in each case, is in 
the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan 
stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
55 
or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Indebtedness shall include any obligations of the 
Issuer under dematerialised debt securities that may be issued from time to time 
by the Issuer and are traded under a book-entry transfer system. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined 
terms contained in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions 
on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") (together, the "FBF 
Master Agreement") and in the ISDA Definitions, have either been used or 
reproduced in this Condition 5. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented 
or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which T2 (as defined below) is operating (a 
"T2 Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency 
(which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and "Relevant Screen 
Page" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
56 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Accrual 
Period or Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the 
Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 – FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) 
the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of each calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 
365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual – ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 

the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 

the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
57 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
58 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on 
an Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to 
which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement, as 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the 
day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
59 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 
("Reuters") and Telerate ("Telerate")) as may be specified for the purpose of 
providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, 
shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the 
Specified Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) 
equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the 2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market 
swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
60 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is 
customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if 
no such customary local time exists, 11.00 am in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for the purpose of this definition, "local time" means, with respect to Europe 
and the Euro zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination 
Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a 
period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(i) (Business Day Convention). 
"T2" means the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (known as T2), 
or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Calculations). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and 
in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that 
is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
61 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(B) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
"unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions 
below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux 
Variable), 
"Calculation 
Agent" 
(Agent), 
"Floating 
Rate 
Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to 
those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "EURIBOR" 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on 
Reuters Page EURIBOR 01, as more fully described in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
62 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter 
length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available of next longer length 
after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub paragraph (B), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (together the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
(e) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(f) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in 
the ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, 
respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
63 
(h) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms 
is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- notwithstanding sub-paragraph (c) above, the relevant 
Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms; 
- Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of 
days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) 
if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five 
(5); 
- OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms; 
- Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
“Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
-   Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period 
Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms and 
the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), except as otherwise 
defined 
in 
such 
sub-paragraph,
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Delayed 
Payment”, 
“Designated 
Maturity”, 
“Effective 
Date”,"Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", 
“Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
64 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate 
Option" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall, where the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant 
Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be 
references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) IBOR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(1)(d) be determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate 
on such Page is a composite quotation or is 
customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the 
persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that 
Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference 
Banks or if sub paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) applies and the 
Page is not available at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, or is sub paragraph (a)(i) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or 
if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant time on the

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
65 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the 
nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that 
at least two out of five leading banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, in the Euro-Zone as selected by the 
Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") 
are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date 
on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for 
a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to 
leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe 
(II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate 
of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period). 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant 
Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based 
on the relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(2) SONIA
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(A) or 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(B) below subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(D). 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
66 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Look-
Back Period;

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
67 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the number of ,London 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation Look-
Back Period, the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Look-Back Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Business Days 
in chronological order from (and including) the first 
London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant InterestPeriod or (y) if "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Business Day" or "LBD" means a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period where "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
London Business Day i up to (but excluding) the 
following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of 
an Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is p London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period that is not a London 
Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period;

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
68 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day 
i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate 
in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Business Day i; or  
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day 
i that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for 
such London Business Day i; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of 
the London Business Day falling p London 
Business Days prior to such London Business 
Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such 
London Business Day i.
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Business Day 
immediately following such London Business Day; and
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the sum 
of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
69 
day during the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period divided by the number of calendar days 
during such Observation Lookback Period. For 
these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of 
any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or  
(y) 
where 
"Lock-out" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for 
any calendar day of such Interest Period falling 
in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day 
will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. 
For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
proviso, be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in 
respect 
of 
the 
London 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day.
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA 
Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or  
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately 
preceding London Business Day on which the 
SONIA Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
70 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for 
such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank 
of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent, shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as 
the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest  
shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to 
the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period). 
(3) SOFR
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(A), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(B), 
 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(C), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(D) 
or 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(E) below. 
(A) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
71 
Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(B) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND 
plus 
or 
minus 
(as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(C) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(D) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(E) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3): 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent") which will determine the Benchmark 
Replacement for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (ii) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent or (iii) such other 
entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to 
carry out such role. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
72 
taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this 
SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date specified in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with 
respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
73 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
74 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect 
of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having 
the necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards:

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
75 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website. 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that 
is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (a “Index Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published 
on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark 
Transition 
Event 
and 
related 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-
AVERAGE” shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation 
Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days. If a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set 
forth in the definition of “SOFR” below shall apply. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published 
by the New York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of 
such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
immediately 
following 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
76 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(x) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(y) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(z) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or the 
then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order presented in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that 
can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
77 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing 
that 
such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
78 
relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of 
the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve, 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the New 
York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent after 
giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” 
means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
CMS Rate Notes:

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
79 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Benchmark in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest)). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than two or none of the 
CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) will apply unless 
"Benchmark Replacement" is specified to be "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Notwithstanding Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(1)(b), 5(c)(iii)(C)(1)(c), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(4) above, unless "Benchmark 
Replacement" is specified to be "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the 
other fallbacks specified in 5(c)(iii)(C)(1)(b), 5(c)(iii)(C)(1)(c) and 
5(c)(iii)(C)(4) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to 
SONIA and SOFR). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, 
if 
any 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(4)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in good faith as an expert

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
80 
and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or or such other 
party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
81 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice 
thereof 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined 
under 
this 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify 
the 
effective 
date 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purpose of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions 
provided 
in 
Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) will continue to apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in 
certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest 
determined 
as 
at 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions, that is, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks 
specified 
in 
Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) will continue to apply). 
(vii) 
Definitions

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
82 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which 
may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of 
a Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), 
is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
d) if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), or the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula 
or methodology in customary market usage and that 
no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor 
Rate, an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period (if there is such a customary market usage at such 
time) and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
83 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to 
exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public 
statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor 
administrator 
has 
been 
appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public 
statement 
by 
the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on 
or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be 
subject 
to 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences, in each case within the 
following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party, 
having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms, as applicable), 
or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"));

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
84 
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation 
or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator 
previously 
authorised 
to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the opinion 
of such supervisor, such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or its methodology has 
materially changed.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, 
at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the 
benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, 
among those successor or replacement rates, the one 
which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, 
without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
85 
(d) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(d)(A) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(d)(A) 
shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
"CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(d)(A), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined 
as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) (the "Base 
Reference") applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third 
month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than 
the first day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M-3) and the second month preceding such month 
(M-2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR pages and on the website 
www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods 
used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
86 
interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price 
index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as 
calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(2) 
The calculation method described in (3) below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper 
entitled "Inflation-linked bonds". In the case of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided 
by the French Bond Association, the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate 
per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(3) 
(1) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly 
Reference Index would be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
(2) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference 
Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
87 
Such that: 
(B) Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring 
the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(d)(B) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(d)(B) 
shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the 
"HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(B), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined 
as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) (the "Base 
Reference") applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third 
month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than 
the first day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M-3) and the second month preceding such month 
(M-2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2;

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
88 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page OATEI01, on 
the website www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time 
as provided herein. 
(2) The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as 
defined above). 
(3) 
(1) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
(2) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the 
two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
InflationReference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
89 
Such that: 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be 
Zero Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i) 
(Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(f) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
(i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date 
for redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date 
or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Additional 
Amounts)). 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest (including any applicable margin) 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these 
Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable 
shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency. 
(i) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any 
period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
90 
the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless 
an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Final Terms, in 
which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or 
more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts and Make-Whole Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall, as soon as practicable 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent or any Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and 
the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated 
Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, 
in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)((Business Day Convention), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall 
at all times one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the 
relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined below). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
91 
so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(l) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure 
that there shall at all times a Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made 
for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined below). The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-Whole 
Calcualtion Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued 
other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been 
duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) (Dematerialised Notes), (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
relevant account with, or, by check drawn on, a Bank as provided in Condition 
7(b) (Materialised Bearer Notes) and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the 
case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Bearer Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Bearer Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Materialised 
Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Bearer Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its 
nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
redeem all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
92 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to 
holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the 
redemption will be effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a 
reduction of the aggregate nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed), subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
If and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and 
the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each 
time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other 
competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where 
the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
(i) 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(B) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of the notice 
referred to in paragraph (A) above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(each such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date")) redeem, in whole or in part, 
the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum 
(rounding the resulting figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent 
being rounded upwards)) of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes until the 
Relevant Redemption Date (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted 
from the Relevant Redemption Date, to such Make-whole Redemption 
Date, on the basis of the Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-
whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date.

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
93 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) if "Reference Dealer 
Quotation" is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average of the four (4) 
quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to 
maturity (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) 
of the Reference Security on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date at the Relevant Time ("Reference Dealer 
Quotation") or (ii) if "Reference Screen Page" is specified as the method 
of determination of the Make-Whole Redemption Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to the 
nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the 
relevant Reference Screen Page as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at the Relevant Time or, if the Reference Screen 
Page is not available, Reference Dealer Quotation shall apply. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary security 
dealers of the Relevant Government Securities, as specified in the Final 
Terms, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such 
banks as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Screen Page" means the screen page and the relevant 
applicable settings specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option by 
the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will 
be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at the Relevant Time, as 
specified in the Final Terms on the third (3rd) Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by 
the same issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
If and for so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each 
year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
94 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website 
of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member 
State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but 
not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise 
notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable during usual business hours 
from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the 
notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account 
of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, 
where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at the 
Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date shall be no earlier than six (6) months before the Maturity Date of the Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% (or any other higher 
percentage specified in the Final Terms) of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer 
other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than 
sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
including, where applicable, any arrears of interest.  
This Clean-up Call Option shall not be exercised if the Notes that are no longer 
outstanding have been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) within the 
twelve (12) months preceding the exercise of such call option by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
95 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
"Final Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes, 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date between (a) (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 5(d), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on such date, or (ii) 
if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms in 
accordance with Condition 5(d), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
on such date and (b) the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to Condition 6(g)(i) 
above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at their nominal amount. 
(h) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option), 6(f) (Clean-Up Call 
Option), 6(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or 6(l) (Illegality) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the 
Amortised Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such 
Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Residual 
Maturity Call Option), 6(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), 6(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or 6(l) (Illegality) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub- paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
96 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(g)(ii) shall 
apply in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
will be calculated on the following basis: 
(1) where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in 
the Final Terms: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined 
on the fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption 
between (a) (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on such date, 
or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on such date and 
(b) the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) If the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, calculated pursuant to paragraph (1) 
above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at their nominal 
amount. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(g) above 
applies) fail to be redeemed for whatever reason before the 
Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption Amount or 
the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, together 
with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the 
provisions of Condition 5(d) above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business 
Day prior to the relevant date set for redemption. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option), 6(f) (Clean-Up 
Call Option), 6(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 6(l) 
(Illegality), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 (Events of Default) shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
97 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law or published regulations 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion 
of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not 
be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts) below (a “Tax 
Gross-Up Event”), the Issuer may at its option at any time (in the case of 
Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), subject to having given not more than 
60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due 
and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Condition 8(b) below (a “Withholding Tax Event”), then the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) 
the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest 
Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of 
Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent 
as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall 
be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, 
Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, 
subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
The Notes purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in such amount as 
may be permitted by and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, to the extent that 
the Issuer is not permitted to hold and resell such Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, and all Notes cancelled at the option the Issuer, 
shall be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case 
of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary 
Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each 
case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
98 
Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or published regulations 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to 
perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer 
will, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7. 
Payments and Talons
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
(as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to 
such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the Materialised 
Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in 
a city in which banks have access to T2 (a "Bank"). 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any 
Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all non-U.S. offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
99 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act as independent experts(s) and, in each 
case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent acts as 
independent expert and does not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
for any Noteholder, Couponholder, or for the Issuer and, to the extent permitted 
by law, it shall not incur any liability against the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent, the 
Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; 
(iii) 
a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions 
so require; 
(iv) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European 
cities (including Paris so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and, in either case, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the 
relevant Regulated Market so require); 
(v) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
a European Union Member State (which may be any of the Paying Agents 
referred to in (iv) above); 
(vi) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent; 
(vii) 
a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(viii) 
such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on 
which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) 
(Redenomination) with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other 
Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as 
both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such 
Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Materialised Bearer Notes which 
comprise Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
100 
Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption 
of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due 
date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date 
for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part 
of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon 
forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10), provided that, in respect of Notes listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as a case may 
be, in Paris. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is 
not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), 
which is a T2 Business Day. 
(i) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollar: if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non- 
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be impracticable for 
it, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes when due, the Issuer, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
101 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 "Notices" to the Noteholders 
prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of 
the Spot Rate on the second FX Business Day prior to such payment or, if such 
rate is not available on such second FX Business Day, on the basis of the rate 
most recently available prior to such second FX Business Day. 
Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will constitute valid 
payment, and will not constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
FX Business Day shall mean a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in U.S. dollars in Hong Kong and New York. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of 
the RMB Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two RMB Dealers. 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the RMB Notes in the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
becomes effective on or after the issue date of such RMB Notes and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). 
Non-transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation becomes effective on or after the issue date of the relevant RMB 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
RMB Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international 
repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong. 
Spot Rate means the spot U.S. dollar/RMB exchange rate for the purchase of 
U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement in two Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the date of determination, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on 
a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the date of determination as the most recently available U.S. 
dollar/RMB official fixing rate for settlement in two FX Business Days reported by 
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen 
means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
102 
Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder 
of the Notes for any determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance 
with this provision in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or wilful 
misconduct. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 7 by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding taxes: all payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some present or former 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the 
case may be, would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to 
an account held in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or 
domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des 
impôts (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the 
same code) for the purposes of Articles 125 A III, and 119 bis, 2 of the 
same code, and as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (including those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the 
same code) for the purposes of Article 238 A of the same code; or 
(iv) 
Any combination of the items (i) to (ii) above. 
In addition, any amounts to be paid on any Notes or Coupons will be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
FATCA, which refers to (1) sections 1471 to 1474 of the United States

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
103 
Internal Revenue Code or any associated regulations or other official 
guidance; (2) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted 
in any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other jurisdiction, which (in either 
case) facilitates the implementation of (1) above; or (3) any agreement 
pursuant to the implementation of (1) or (2) above with the United States 
Internal Revenue Service, the United States government or any 
governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction, and the Issuer 
will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
an investor for any such FATCA deduction or withholding deducted or 
withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes 
due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" 
and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)), upon 
request of any Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not some only) 
of such Noteholders to become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice 
for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
the Issuer (a) fails to pay principal in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series 
or any of them within 15 days following the Maturity Date or date of redemption 
thereof or (b) fails to pay interest in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or 
any of them within 15 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series which default 
is continuing (except in any case where such default is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation or notice, as is hereinafter mentioned, will be required) for 
a period of 30 days after the Issuer receives written notice specifying such default 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent by the Holder of any such Note; or 
(iii) 
(a) any Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the Issuer 
(being Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate principal amount in 
excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency) is not paid within 
30 days after its stated maturity or earlier redemption date, as the case may be, 
or within any longer applicable grace period, as the case may be, (b) any

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
104 
Indebtedness of the Issuer (being Indebtedness having an outstanding 
aggregate principal amount in excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result 
of a default thereunder which is not remedied within the relevant grace period or 
(c) the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
guarantee of Indebtedness (being Indebtedness having an outstanding 
aggregate principal amount in excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency) unless, in each case, the Issuer is contesting in good faith its 
obligations to make payment or repayment of any such amount; or 
(iv) 
a judgment is issued for judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or 
for a transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l’entreprise à la suite 
d’un plan de cession) pursuant to a judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire), or the Issuer is subject to equivalent legal proceedings, or in the 
absence of legal proceedings the Issuer makes a voluntary conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors or the Issuer is voluntarily wound up or dissolved 
(dissolution or liquidation amiable). 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years (in the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which 
will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
11.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
11.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
105 
11.3 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
11.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Resolutions", as further described in Condition 11.4.1 below), or 
(iii) by consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least seventy-five (75) per 
cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation 
(the "Written Majority Resolutions", as further described in Condition 11.4.2 below and 
together with the Written Unanimous Resolutions, the "Written Resolutions").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may 
be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
11.4.1 General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of 
the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for the General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by visioconference or by any other means of telecommunications 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period on the first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the 
second convocation preceding the holding of each General Meeting, to consult or make 
a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
106 
by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
11.4.2 Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Noteholders by way of a Written Unanimous Resolution or a Written Majority 
Resolution.  
(a) 
Written Unanimous Resolution 
Written Unanimous Resolutions shall be signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders 
and shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 
11.4.1. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Unanimous Resolution may also be given by 
way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). Any Written Unanimous Resolution shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Resolution may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 
11.8. 
(b) 
Written Majority Resolution 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be 
published as provided under Condition 11.4.1 no less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Resolution (the 
"Written Majority Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Majority Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Resolution Date. 
Written Majority Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least seventy-five (75) per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding. Approval of a Written Majority Resolution may also be given by 
Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Resolution shall, for all purposes, have 
the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
Such Written Majority Resolution may be contained in one document, or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
11.4.3 Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the 
exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, the second sentence of Articles L.228-65 II, 
R.228-63, R.228-67 and R.228-69. 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of 
any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
107 
from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de 
commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a 
prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the 
Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de 
commerce) shall apply to the Notes only to the extent that such proposal does not relate 
to a merger or demerger with another entity of the EDF Group. 
11.5 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all the reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the 
operations of the Masse, including the reasonable and duly documented expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
reasonable and duly documented administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective 
Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
11.6 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues and Consolidation), shall, for the defence 
of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all such Series. 
11.7 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder (the "Sole 
Noteholder"), such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted 
to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a 
register of the decisions taken by the Sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. For 
the avoidance of the doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the Notes of a 
given Series are held by a single Noteholder, such Representative shall be devoid of 
powers. 
11.8 
Notices to Noteholders 
Notices to Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 11 shall be (a) given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is 
not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by 
mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given notice on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing and (b) published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.edf.fr/groupe-edf). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 15(a), (b), (c), (d) 
shall not apply to such notices. 
11.9 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding" shall not include 
those Notes purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant 
to applicable laws and regulations. 
11.10 Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 issued outside France 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) that are issued outside France within the meaning of Article L.228-90 of the 
French Code de commerce, Conditions 11.1 to 11.9 above shall apply to the Notes, to the 
fullest extent possible in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
108 
11.11 Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 issued inside France 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) that are not issued outside France within the meaning of Article L.228-90 of the 
French Code de commerce, Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following 
modifications:  
(i) 
the second paragraph of Condition 11.4.1 shall be deleted and replaced by the 
following paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third 
(2/3) majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting 
or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 11.4.3 shall not apply to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Condition 11.5 shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"11.5 Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, 
including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions 
and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective 
Decisions." 
12. 
Final Terms 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final 
Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
109 
time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the 
Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the 
Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in 
one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and 
which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) 
shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe and, so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market 
so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is 
located, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper 
with general circulation in Europe and so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext Paris 
is expected to be Les Echos. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of 
the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions (including notices 
relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)) may be given by: 
(i) 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared; and 
(ii) 
by publication on the Issuer’s website (https://www.edf.fr/groupe-edf), 
in each case, in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) above. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
110 
16.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Paris Commercial Court (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris) has jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and, where 
applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons 
and the Talons)) and accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection therewith may be bought in such courts. 
(b) 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with the Notes (and, where applicable, 
the Coupons and the Talons) will be bought before the said Paris Commercial 
Court (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris).

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
111 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on 
physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to Subordinated Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Électricité de France (the "Issuer") with the benefit of an amended and 
restated agency agreement dated 7 August 2023 between the Issuer, Société Générale as fiscal 
agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Amended and Restated Agency Agreement"). The functions of Aether Financial Services as 
make-whole calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the Issuer and 
Aether Financial Services.The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Calculation 
Agent(s) and the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent"). 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. Unless otherwise provided for, all references in these Conditions to a "day" 
shall be to a calendar day. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte-titres). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article 
R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as 
specified in the relevant final terms ("Final Terms"), in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books 
of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or 
indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
112 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer 
Notes"). Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued 
with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a 
"Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
In accordance with Article L.211-3 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to 
compliance with the regulations of the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, or offered to retail investors, in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") will be Euro 1,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency at the issue date). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where 
appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue 
("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or 
"Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" 
being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
(v) 
Unless expressly specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, in accordance with Article L.228-2 of the French Code de

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
113 
commerce, at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the "EC"), as amended from time to time (the 
"Treaty")), or events have occurred which have substantially the same 
effect, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as 
described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination 
Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) 
(Redenomination) shall be made by converting the principal amount of 
each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council 
of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher 
than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final 
Terms to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference 
to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and 
the Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant 
to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14 (Further 
Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
114 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses 
or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a Tranche) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered 
dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. 
The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Notes are deeply (i.e., lowest ranking) subordinated notes issued pursuant to 
the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. The principal 
and interest on the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply 
subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank: 
• 
subordinated to present and future titres participatifs or prêts participatifs
issued by or granted to the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and 
Unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer; 
• 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with 
all 
other 
present 
and 
future 
deeply 
subordinated 
obligations 
(engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer (including the 
Parity Securities); and 
• 
senior only to the Equity Securities. 
For the purpose of this Condition:

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
115 
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and 
(b) any other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de 
préférence)).
“Ordinary Subordinated Obligations” means obligations of the Issuer, whether in the 
form of notes or otherwise, the principal and interest of which constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or future ordinary subordinated obligations, behind 
Unsubordinated Obligations but in priority to titres participatifs or prêts participatifs, if any, 
and deeply subordinated obligations.  
“Parity Securities” means, at any time, any Notes (i.e. notes issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) of the Issuer and any 
securities which rank and will rank or are expressed to rank pari passu without any 
preference with the Notes1.  
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means obligations of the Issuer, whether in the form of 
notes or otherwise, the principal and interest of which constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without 
preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for the sale of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l’entreprise) following an order of judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of 
the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context 
of an insolvency and where the successor, absorbing or resulting entity acquires 
all the assets and liabilities of the Issuer and assumes all the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes), the payments of the creditors of the Issuer shall be made 
in the order of priority set out below (in each case subject to the payment in full of 
priority creditors) and no payment of principal and interest (including any 
outstanding Arrears of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amount as defined 
below) on the Notes may be made until all holders of other indebtedness (other 
than Parity Securities) have been paid in full. 
This means that: 
(a) 
unsubordinated creditors under the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations; 
(b) 
ordinary subordinated creditors under the Issuer’s Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations; and 
1
For the avoidance of doubt, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Parity Securities include the (i) €1,250,000,000 reset perpetual 
subordinated notes with a first call date on 29 January 2025 (ISIN: FR0011401751) issued on 29 January 2013, (ii) 
GBP1,250,000,000 reset perpetual subordinated notes with a first call date on 29 January 2026 (ISIN: FR0011401728) issued on 
29 January 2013, (iii) $3,000,000,000 Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 29 January 2023 (ISIN: 
US268317AF12 (Rule 144A) / USF2893TAF33 (Reg S)) issued on 29 January 2013, (iv) €1,000,000,000 reset perpetual 
subordinated notes with a first call date on 22 January 2022 (ISIN: FR0011697010) on 22 January 2014, (v) €1,000,000,000 reset 
perpetual subordinated notes with a first call date on 22 January 2026 (ISIN: FR0011697028) issued on 22 January 2014, (vi) 
GBP750,000,000 reset perpetual subordinated notes with a first call date on 22 January 2029 (ISIN: FR0011700293) issued on 
22 January 2014, (vii) $1,500,000,000 Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 22 January 2024 (ISIN: 
US268317AM62 (Rule 144A) / USF2893TAM83 (Reg S)) issued on 22 January 2014, (viii) €1,250,000,000 Reset Perpetual 
Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 4 July 2024 (ISIN: FR0013367612) issued on 4 October 2018, (ix) €500,000,000 8 
Year Non-Call Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 3 September 2027 (ISIN: FR0013464922) issued on 
3 December 2019, (x) the €850,000,000 6.5 Year Non-Call Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 15 
December 2026 (ISIN: FR0013534351) issued on 15 September 2020, (xi) the €1,250,000,000 10 Year Non-Call Reset Perpetual 
Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 15 June 2030 (ISIN: FR0013534336) issued on 15 September 2020, (xii) the 
€1,250,000,000 7 Year Non-Call Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first call date on 1 December 2027 (ISIN: 
FR0014003S56) issued on 1 June 2021 and (xiii) the €1,000,000,000 6 Year Non-Call Perpetual Resettable Subordinated Notes 
(ISIN: FR001400EFQ6) issued on 6 December 2022.

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
116 
(c) 
lenders or holders in relation to any titres participatifs or prêts participatifs issued 
by or granted to the Issuer, 
will be paid in priority to deeply subordinated creditors (including Noteholders). 
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Notes shall rank in priority only to any payment 
to holders of Equity Securities. In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated 
creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Notes shall be terminated. 
(c) 
Prohibition of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, 
or arising under or in connection with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its 
holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation 
or retention. 
4. 
No Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined 
terms contained in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions 
on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") (together, the "FBF 
Master Agreement") and in the ISDA Definitions, have either been used or 
reproduced in this Condition 5. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented 
or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which T2 (as defined below) is operating (a 
"T2 Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency ; 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
117 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and "Relevant Screen 
Page" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Accrual 
Period or Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the 
Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 – FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) 
the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of each calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 
365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual – ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 

the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 

the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
118 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
119 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on 
an Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to 
which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement, as 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
120 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the 
day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 
("Reuters") and Telerate ("Telerate")) as may be specified for the purpose of 
providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, 
shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the 
Specified Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) 
equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
121 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the 2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market 
swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is 
customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if 
no such customary local time exists, 11.00 am in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for the purpose of this definition, "local time" means, with respect to Europe 
and the Euro zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination 
Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a 
period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(d)(ii) (Business Day Convention). 
"T2" means the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (known as T2) or 
any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject to 
Condition 5(l) if applicable. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and 
in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Resettable Notes: 
(i) 
Determination of interest rate 
Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Resettable Note 
(a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest (each as specified in the Final 
Terms);

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
122 
(B) from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second 
Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (i) with respect to Undated Notes, the date of redemption of all the Notes 
or (ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, the Maturity Date, at the 
First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Payment Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to Condition 
5(l) if applicable, and, in the case of Notes with a specified maturity date, on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Maturity Date. The first payment 
of interest will be made on the first Interest Payment Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset 
Rate of Interest and Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and the relevant Interest 
Amount payable per Note to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and, if 
required by the rules of Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange  on which the 
Notes are admitted to trading from time to time, to such stock exchange, and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) without undue delay, 
but, in any case, not later than on the fourth (4th) Business Day after its 
determination. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom 
government security customarily used at the time of selection in the pricing of new 
issues with a similar tenor having an actual or interpolated maturity date on or 
about the last day of such Reset Period as the Issuer (on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute) may determine to be appropriate 
following any guidance published by the International Capital Markets Association 
(“ICMA”) at the relevant time (if any); 
“Benchmark Gilt Dealing Day” means a day on which the London Stock 
Exchange plc (or such other market on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant 
time admitted to trading) is ordinarily open for the trading of securities; 
"CMT Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period and the related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed 
as a percentage equal to: 
(i) the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT 
Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption "Treasury constant 
maturities (Nominal)", as that yield is displayed, for the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, on the CMT Rate Screen Page; or 
(ii) if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on the Reset Determination Date, the yield 
for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate 
Maturity as published in the H.15(519) under the caption "Treasury constant 
maturities (Nominal)" for the Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate on the 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(iv) if fewer than three Reset Rate Reference Dealers selected by the Calculation 
Agent provide bid prices for the purposes of determining the Reset Reference 
Dealer Rate referred to in (iii) above as described in the definition of Reset 
Reference Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate applicable to the last preceding Reset

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
123 
Period or, in the case of the First Reset Period, the CMT Rate shall be the Initial 
Reset Reference Rate. 
"CMT Rate Maturity" means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate to be used 
for the determination of the Reset Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"CMT Rate Screen Page" means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. service 
or any successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that 
service for the for the purpose of displaying "Treasury constant maturities" as 
reported in the H.15(519)."First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
until (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset 
Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect to Undated Notes, 
the date of redemption of all the Notes or (ii) with respect to Notes with a specified 
maturity date, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(i) below, the rate 
of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Margin as specified in the Final Terms. 
"GBP Reference Dealers" means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market 
makers selected by the Issuer. 
"GBP Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the Gross 
Redemption Yield of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Benchmark Gilt for the purpose of determining the Gross Redemption 
Yield being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices 
of such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Rate Reference Dealers at 11.00 
a.m. (London time) on the Reset Determination Date in respect of such Reset 
Period on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following Benchmark Gilt 
Dealing Day in London, or such basis as is customarily used at such time. Such 
quotations shall be obtained by or on behalf of the Issuer and provided to the 
Calculation Agent. If at least four quotations are provided, the GBP Reference 
Rate will be determined by reference to the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the GBP Reference Rate 
will be determined by reference to the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, the GBP Reference Rate will be 
determined by reference to the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the GBP Reference Rate will be the previous GBP Reference Rate in 
respect of the preceding Reset Period, or in the case of the First Reset Period, 
the GBP Reference Rate shall be the Initial Reset Reference Rate. 
“Gilt Yield Calculation” means on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” 
page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; “Double-dated 
and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 
2005, and as further updated or amended or supplemented from time to time) or 
if in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer such basis is no longer in customary 
market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance 
with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, on an annual compounding basis (rounded up (if necessary) 
to four decimal places).

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
124 
“Gross Redemption Yield” on the Benchmark Gilt will be expressed as a 
percentage and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Gilt Yield Calculation. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Initial Reset Reference Rate" means the initial reset reference rate of interest 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin(s)" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject 
to Condition 5(c)(i) and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) below, either: 
(i) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the relevant Reset Rate Reference Dealers (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the 
arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the 
applicable Margin(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined by using as Reset Rate the Reset Rate of the last preceding Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate being 
equal to the Initial Reset Reference Rate. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
125 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
forfloating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has 
a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-
Swap Maturity (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" has the meaning specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Reference Dealers" means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
reputation. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every 
Subsequent Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Reset Period.  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Rate” means: 
(i) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate; 
(ii) if GBP Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
GBP Reference Rate; or 
(iii) if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate. 
"Reset Rate Reference Dealers" means: 
(i) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid-Swap 
Reference Dealers; 
(ii) if GBP Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the GBP 
Reference Dealers; or 
(iii) if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the USD Reference 
Dealers. 
"Reset Reference Dealer Rate" means in respect of any Reset Determination 
Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity 
based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices for Reset U.S.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
126 
Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Reset 
Determination Date, of leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in New 
York City (each, a "USD Reference Dealer"). The Calculation Agent will select 
five USD Reference Dealers to provide such bid prices and will eliminate the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); provided, however, that, 
if fewer than five but more than two such bid prices are provided, then neither the 
highest nor the lowest of those quotations will be eliminated prior to calculating 
the arithmetic mean of such bid prices. 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Securities" means, in respect of any Reset Determination 
Date, U.S. Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the relevant CMT 
Rate Maturity, a remaining term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than 
the relevant CMT Rate Maturity and in a principal amount equal to an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury Securities in the 
New York City market. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is 
not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day.  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period 
from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset 
Date.  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to Condition 5(c)(i) below, the rate of interest being 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as 
the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the 
United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(ii) 
Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate 
at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over 
the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(i) above. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, if 
any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) and any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(ii)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(ii) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
127 
or any other party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this 5(c)(ii). 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(ii)); 
or  
(2) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(ii)). 
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that a Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, 
then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(ii) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(E), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give 
effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
128 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes  
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(ii) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such 
information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(ii), no 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be made, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of 
the amount of “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the 
relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to 
which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary 
share) assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when 
compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event 
from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility 
of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
If, following the occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event and 
in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Reset Determination Date, no Independent 
Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant 
to this provision, the Original Mid-Swap Rate will continue to apply 
for the purpose of determining such Rate of Interest on such Reset 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided in Conditions 5(c)(i) will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(ii) mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until 
a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (and, 
if applicable, any associated Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(ii)(E) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, that is, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(i) will 
continue to apply. 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(ii):

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
129 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate"
means, in the absence of 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate, an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(ii) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period (if there is such a customary market 
usage at such time) and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
"Independent Adviser"
means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(ii). 
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which 
may be positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
b) in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or in the case 
of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate where (a) above does not 
apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate); 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
d) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary 
market usage and that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser, 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
130 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).  
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an 
Original Mid-Swap Rate: 
a) the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Mid-Swap Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that the Original 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
has 
been 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that means the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party, 
having the necessary expertise and being independent of the 
Issuer, responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Mid-Swap Rate (including, without limitation, 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
as 
amended 
(the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"));  
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Mid-Swap Rate has been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that, in the opinion 
of such supervisor, such Original Mid-Swap Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or its methodology has 
materially changed.  
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
131 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate"
means a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, the one which is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(g) (Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that 
is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(B) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
132 
(C) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
"unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions 
below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux 
Variable), 
"Calculation 
Agent" 
(Agent), 
"Floating 
Rate 
Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to 
those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "EURIBOR" 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on 
Reuters Page EURIBOR 01, as more fully described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter 
length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
133 
period of time for which rates are available of next longer length 
after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub paragraph (B), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (together the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
(e) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(f) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in 
the ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, 
respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
(h) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms 
is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- notwithstanding sub-paragraph (c) above, the relevant 
Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms; 
- Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
134 
days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) 
if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five 
(5); 
- OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms; 
- Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
“Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
-   Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period 
Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms and 
the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), except as otherwise 
defined 
in 
such 
sub-paragraph,
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Delayed 
Payment”, 
“Designated 
Maturity”, 
“Effective 
Date”,"Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", 
“Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate 
Option" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall, where the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
135 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant 
Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be 
references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) IBOR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(1)(b) be determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate 
on such Page is a composite quotation or is 
customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the 
persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that 
Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference 
Banks or if sub paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) applies and the 
Page is not available at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, or is sub paragraph (a)(i) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or 
if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the 
nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
136 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that 
at least two out of five leading banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, in the Euro-Zone as selected by the 
Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") 
are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date 
on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for 
a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to 
leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe 
(II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate 
of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period). 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant 
Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based 
on the relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(2) SONIA
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(2)(A) or 5(d)(iii)(C)(2)(B) 
below subject to the provisions of Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(2)(D). 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", 
the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", 
the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
137 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of 
this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Look-
Back Period; 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the number of ,London 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation Look-

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
138 
Back Period, the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Look-Back Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Business Days 
in chronological order from (and including) the first 
London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant InterestPeriod or (y) if "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Business Day" or "LBD" means a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period where "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
London Business Day i up to (but excluding) the 
following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of 
an Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is p London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period that is not a London 
Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day 
i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate 
in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Business Day i; or

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
139 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day 
i that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for 
such London Business Day i; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of 
the London Business Day falling p London 
Business Days prior to such London Business 
Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such 
London Business Day i.
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Business Day 
immediately following such London Business Day; and
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the sum 
of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period divided by the number of calendar days 
during such Observation Lookback Period. For 
these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of 
any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
140 
(y) 
where 
"Lock-out" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for 
any calendar day of such Interest Period falling 
in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day 
will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. 
For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
proviso, be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in 
respect 
of 
the 
London 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day.
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA 
Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or  
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately 
preceding London Business Day on which the 
SONIA Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and  
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for 
such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank 
of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent, shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
141 
the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to 
the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period). 
(3) SOFR
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(A), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(B), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(C), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(D) 
or 
5(c)(iii)(C)(3)(E) below. 
(A) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(B) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
142 
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND 
plus 
or 
minus 
(as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(C) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(D) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(E) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3): 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent") which will determine the Benchmark 
Replacement for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (ii) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent or (iii) such other 
entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to 
carry out such role. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
143 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3), if (i) 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent, or (ii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of then-
current SOFR Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
or any other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
affected Notes necessary to implement such replacement could 
reasonably be expected to (A) result in a reduction of the amount 
of “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant 
Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to 
the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Transition Event from such 
Rating Agency or (B) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Notes 
for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency, no SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i+1);

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
144 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this 
SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date specified in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with 
respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final 
Terms;

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
145 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
146 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect 
of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, having 
the necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website. 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that 
is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (a “Index Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published 
on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark 
Transition 
Event 
and 
related 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-
AVERAGE” shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation 
Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days. If a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set 
forth in the definition of “SOFR” below shall apply. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published 
by the New York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of 
such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
147 
Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
immediately 
following 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(x) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(y) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(z) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or the 
then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order presented in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that 
can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
148 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing 
that 
such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
149 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of 
the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve, 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the New 
York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent after 
giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
150 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” 
means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
CMS Rate Notes:  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Benchmark in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest)). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than two or none of the 
CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) will apply unless 
"Benchmark Replacement" is specified to be "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 5(d)(iii)(C)(1)(b), 5(d)(iii)(C)(1)(c), 
5(d)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(d)(iii)(C)(4) above, unless "Benchmark 
Replacement" is specified to be "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the 
other fallbacks specified in 5(d)(iii)(C)(1)(b), 5(d)(iii)(C)(1)(c) and

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
151 
5(d)(iii)(C)(4) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to 
SONIA and SOFR). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(5)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, 
if 
any 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(4)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(4)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(4) shall act in good faith as an expert 
and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
having the necessary expertise and being independent of 
the Issuer, responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(5). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
- there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the further operation of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5)); or 
- there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
152 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice 
thereof 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined 
under 
this 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify 
the 
effective 
date 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C)(4), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) 
result in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” (or 
such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency 
may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary 
share) assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when 
compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant 
Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) 
otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for “equity 
credit” from any Rating Agency.

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
153 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purpose of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions 
provided 
in 
Conditions 
5(d)(iii)(C)(1), 
5(d)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(d)(iii)(C)(3) will continue to apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in 
certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest 
determined 
as 
at 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions, that is, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks 
specified 
in 
Conditions 
5(d)(iii)(C)(1), 
5(d)(iii)(C)(2) and 5(d)(iii)(C)(3) will continue to apply). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which 
may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of 
a Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), 
is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate);

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
154 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
d) if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), or the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula 
or methodology in customary market usage and that 
no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor 
Rate, an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period (if there is such a customary market usage at such 
time) and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to 
exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public 
statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor 
administrator 
has 
been 
appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public 
statement 
by 
the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original Reference

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
155 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on 
or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be 
subject 
to 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences, in each case within the 
following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party, 
having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"));  
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation 
or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator 
previously 
authorised 
to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the opinion 
of such supervisor, such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or its methodology has 
materially changed.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, 
at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)(4)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
156 
a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the 
benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, 
among those successor or replacement rates, the one 
which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, 
without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
(i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest: Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (l), interest shall 
cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the 
Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
157 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest (including any applicable margin) 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these 
Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable 
shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any 
period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless 
an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Final Terms, in 
which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or 
more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts and Make-Whole Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent  or 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as 
the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Make-Whole Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or any 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(d)(ii) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall 
at all times one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the 
relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined below).

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
158 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market 
so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(k) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure 
that there shall at all times a Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made 
for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined below). The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-Whole 
Calcualtion Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued 
other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been 
duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) (Dematerialised Notes), (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
relevant account with, or, by check drawn on, a Bank as provided in Condition 
7(b) (Materialised Bearer Notes) and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the 
case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Bearer Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Bearer Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Materialised 
Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Bearer Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
(l) 
Interest Deferral:  
(i) 
Optional Interest Payment 
If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, at any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer in whole or in

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
159 
part the payment of interest accrued on the Notes in respect of any Interest Period, 
except in relation to a payment of interest to be made on an Interest Payment 
Date falling on the date of redemption of the Notes, by giving notice of such 
election to the Noteholders in accordance with sub-Condition (iv) below. If the 
Issuer makes such an election, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make such 
payment and any such non-payment or partial-payment of interest shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the 
Notes. 
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid at the election of the 
Issuer in accordance with this paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute 
"Arrears of Interest" and shall be payable asoutlined below. 
(ii) 
Compulsory Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount) may, at the 
option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time but all Arrears of Interest 
(together with the corresponding Additional Interest Amount) in respect of all 
Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due in full on whichever is the 
earliest of: 
(A) 
the tenth Business Day following the occurrence of a Compulsory 
Arrears of Interest Payment Event; or 
(B) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the 
Issuer does not elect to defer all or part of the interest accrued in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(C) 
the date of any redemption of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions relating to redemption of the Notes; or 
(D) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a competent court for 
the voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation 
amiable or liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l’entreprise) in respect of the Issuer or 
in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger 
or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and 
where the successor, absorbing or resulting entity acquires all the 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer and assumes all the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in accordance with Article 
1343-2 of the French Code civil, as if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a 
rate which corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the 
Notes and the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest Amount”) with 
respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this provision 
and shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the rate of interest from 
time to time applicable to the Notes to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and 
otherwise mutatis mutandis as provided in the foregoing provisions hereof. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be 
added, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, for the purpose 
only of calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter, to the 
amount of Arrears of Interest remaining unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so 
that it will itself become Arrears of Interest. 
For the purpose of this Condition, “Compulsory Arrears of Interest Payment 
Event” means that: 
(A) 
a payment in any form (including dividend or other payments as 
applicable) on any Equity Securities (other than in the form of the

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
160 
issuance (or transfer from treasury) of any Equity Securities) or 
any Parity Securities having been resolved upon by the 
shareholders or other competent body of the Issuer or having been 
made by the Issuer; or 
(B) 
the acquisition, repurchase or redemption, either directly or 
indirectly, of any Equity Securities or any Parity Securities of the 
Issuer except in cases where, with respect to Equity Securities, 
such acquisition, repurchase or redemption was: 
(1) 
resulting from the hedging of convertible securities of the 
Issuer, stock options or other employee benefit plans; or 
(2) 
made in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer of 
its obligations under any existing or future liquidity 
agreement (contrat de liquidité) managed by an 
investment services provider to repurchase its share 
capital from such investment services provider, 
save for, in each case, any compulsory dividend, other distribution, payment, 
repurchase, redemption or other acquisition required by the terms of such 
securities; and in the case of Parity Securities, any repurchase or other acquisition 
in whole or in part in a public tender offer or public exchange offer at a 
consideration per Parity Security below its par value. 
(iii) 
Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amount 
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are 
paid in part: 
(A) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before 
any Additional Interest Amounts; 
(B) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until 
full payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have 
accrued during any earlier period and the order of payment of 
Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of 
Interest to which they relate; and 
(C) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of any Note in respect of any period, shall be 
pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as 
the case may be, Additional Interest Amounts accrued in respect 
of that period to the date of payment. 
(iv) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interest 
The Issuer shall give not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 and to the Fiscal 
Agent: 
(A) 
of any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer elects to defer 
interest as provided in Condition 5(l)(i)) above; and 
(B) 
of any date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest 
and/or Additional Interest Amounts shall become due and payable 
as provided in Condition 5(l)(ii)) above. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of such Regulated Market so require, notice of any such deferral shall also 
be given as soon as reasonably practicable to such Regulated Market.

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
161 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Notes may have a specified maturity date or no specified 
maturity date. 
If “Dated Notes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each such Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is its nominal amount) together with accrued interest (including Arrears 
of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date (the “Dated Notes”). 
If “Undated Notes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are 
undated obligations of the Issuer and have no specified maturity date (the 
"Undated Notes"), but may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer under 
certain circumstances set out below. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or any date during any residual redemption period 
(the "Residual Redemption Period(s)") preceding such Optional Redemption 
Date, the first date of any such period (if any) being a "Residual Redemption 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amount thereon). 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance 
with this Condition. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
(i) 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(B) 
not less than 10 calendar days before the giving of the notice 
referred to in paragraph (A) above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(the "Make-whole Redemption Date")) redeem, in whole, but not in part, the 
Notes then outstanding at their Make-whole Redemption Amount at any time other 
than (i) during the Residual Redemption Period (if any) and (ii) on any Par Call 
Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and equal to: 
(i) the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum (rounding the resulting figure, if necessary, to 
the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the then present

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
162 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes (excluding any Arrears of Interest, Additional Interest Amount 
thereon and any interest accrued on the Notes from, and including, the 
last Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-whole 
Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) up to and 
discounted from the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Par Call Date 
immediately succeeding the Make-whole Redemption Date, to such 
Make-whole Redemption Date, on the basis of the relevant Day Count 
Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-
whole Redemption Margin,  
(ii) plus in each case, any interest accrued and any Arrears of Interest (and 
Additional Interest Amount thereon) but not paid on such Note from, and 
including, the last Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such 
Make-whole Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, to, 
but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) if "Reference Dealer 
Quotation" is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average of the four 
quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to 
maturity (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) 
of the Reference Security on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date at the Relevant Time ("Reference Dealer 
Quotation") or (ii) if "Reference Screen Page" is specified as the method 
of determination of the Make-Whole Redemption Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to the 
nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the 
relevant Reference Screen Page as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at the Relevant Time or, if the Reference Screen 
Page is not available, Reference Dealer Quotation shall apply. 
"Par Call Date(s)" means any Optional Redemption Date(s) and/or, if any 
Residual Redemption Period(s) have been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Residual Redemption Date(s). 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary security 
dealers of the Relevant Government Securities, as specified in the Final 
Terms,  and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such 
banks as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Screen Page" means the screen page and the relevant 
applicable settings specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will 
be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at the Relevant Time, as 
specified in the Final Terms on the third (3rd) Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 15.

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
163 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by 
the same issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (assuming for 
this purpose only that, the Notes mature on the Par Call Date immediately 
succeeding the Make-Whole Redemption Date), at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term 
of the Notes. 
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(d) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% (or any other higher 
percentage specified in the Final Terms) of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer 
other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not less than 
10 (ten) nor more than 60 (sixty) calendar days to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
including, where applicable, Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts. 
(e) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If Redemption following a Gross-Up Event is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and by reason of any change in French law or 
published regulations becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to 
pay additional amounts as specified in Condition 8 below (a “Tax Gross-
up Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having 
given not more than 60 (sixty) nor less than 10 (ten) calendar days’ notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes (but 
not some only) at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the Final 
Terms), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption and 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon) 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding 
or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer would on the next payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented by French law 
from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders 
of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation) (a 
“Withholding Tax Event”), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, at its option, upon giving 
not more than 60 (sixty) nor less than 10 (ten) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding, at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the Final Terms), together with interest accrued

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
164 
to the date fixed for redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amount thereon), on the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect 
of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
(iii) 
If Redemption following a Tax Deductibility Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an opinion of a recognised law 
firm of international standing has been delivered to the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent, stating that by reason of a change in French law or regulation, 
or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payment 
under the Notes is modified and such modification results in payments of 
interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes being no longer 
deductible in whole or in part for corporate income tax purposes (a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”), so long as this cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it at the time, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the Final Terms), together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amount thereon), on the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable being tax 
deductible in France or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. The Issuer shall give the Fiscal Agent notice of any such 
redemption not less than 10 (ten) nor more than 60 (sixty) calendar days 
before the date fixed for redemption and the Fiscal Agent shall promptly 
thereafter publish a notice of redemption in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). A Tax Deductibility Event shall not be deemed to have occurred 
if any such change in French law or regulation results from the 
implementation in France of the Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 
December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for 
multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the 
Union or of the OECD’s proposal for a 15% global minimum tax under the 
so-called “Pillar Two” of the Inclusive Framework of the Base Erosion and 
Profits Shifting Project. 
(f) 
Optional Redemption due to Accounting Event: 
If Redemption following an Accounting Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Accounting Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to 
having given not less than 10 (ten) nor more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ notice 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at any time, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the Final 
Terms), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption and Arrears 
of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon). Prior to the giving 
of any such notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent in order to be made available to the Noteholders (i) 
a certificate signed by two duly authorized representatives of the Issuer confirming 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting out the facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right to effect such redemption have 
been met and (ii) a copy of the letter or report referred to in the definition of 
“Accounting Event”. 
“Accounting Event” means that a recognised accountancy firm, acting upon 
instructions of the Issuer, has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that 
as a result of a change in the accounting principles (or the application thereof) 
which have been officially adopted on or after the Issue Date (such date, the 
“Accounting Event Adoption Date”), but not otherwise, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as "equity" or 
"liability”, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the audited annual or the

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
165 
semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant to IFRS or 
any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS for the purposes of 
preparing the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. The 
Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the Accounting Event 
Adoption Date notwithstanding any later effective date. The period during which 
the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Notes as a result of the occurrence of 
an Accounting Event shall start on, and include, the Accounting Event Adoption 
Date. Such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting 
Event Adoption Date and the date on which it comes into effect. 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the 
European Union, as amended from time to time. 
(g) 
Optional Redemption due to Rating Methodology Event: 
If Redemption following an Rating Methodology Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and a Rating Methodology Event has occurred, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 (ten) nor more than 60 (sixty) 
calendar days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at any time, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified 
in the Final Terms), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon). Prior 
to the giving of any such notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver or procure 
that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent in order to be made available to the 
Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two duly authorized representatives of the 
Issuer confirming that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
out the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right to effect such 
redemption have been met and (ii) evidence of the written confirmation referred 
to in the definition of “Rating Methodology Event”. 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: Moody’s, S&P, Fitch or any other 
rating agency of equivalent international standing solicited from time to time by 
the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, any 
of their respective successors to the rating business thereof. 
“Rating Methodology Event” means that the Issuer has received written 
confirmation from any Rating Agency from whom the Issuer is assigned solicited 
ratings either directly or via a publication by such agency, that an amendment, 
clarification or change has occurred in the equity credit criteria of such Rating 
Agency, which amendment, clarification or change results in a lower equity credit 
for any or all of the Notes than the then respective equity credit assigned on the 
Issue Date, or (i) if equity credit is not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date 
when the equity credit is assigned for the first time, or (ii) if the Notes have been 
partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for 
“equity credit” from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result, any or all of 
the Notes would no longer have been eligible as a result of such amendment to, 
clarification of or, change in the assessment criteria or in the interpretation thereof 
had they not been re-financed. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (or any of its successors). 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s France SAS (or any of its successors). 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or any of its successors). 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, 
subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations.

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
166 
The Notes purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in such amount as 
may be permitted by and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, to the extent that 
the Issuer is not permitted to hold and resell such Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, and all Notes cancelled at the option the Issuer, 
shall be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case 
of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary 
Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each 
case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
(as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to 
such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the Materialised 
Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in 
a city in which banks have access to T2 (a "Bank"). 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any 
Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all non-U.S. offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
167 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act as independent experts(s) and, in each 
case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent acts as 
independent expert and does not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
for any Noteholder, Couponholder, or for the Issuer and, to the extent permitted 
by law, it shall not incur any liability against the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent, the 
Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; 
(iii) 
a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions 
so require; 
(iv) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European 
cities (including Paris so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and, in either case, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the 
relevant Regulated Market so require); 
(v) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
a European Union Member State (which may be any of the Paying Agents 
referred to in (iv) above); 
(vi) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent;  
(vii) 
a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(viii) 
such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on 
which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) 
(Redenomination) with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other 
Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as 
both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such 
Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Materialised Bearer Notes which 
comprise Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
168 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from 
the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption 
of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due 
date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date 
for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part 
of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon 
forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10), provided that, in respect of Notes listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as a case may 
be, in Paris. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is 
not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), 
which is a T2 Business Day.

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
169 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding taxes: all payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some present or former 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the 
case may be, would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to 
an account held in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or 
domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des 
impôts (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the 
same code) for the purposes of Articles 125 A III, and 119 bis, 2 of the 
same code, and as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (including those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the 
same code) for the purposes of Article 238 A of the same code; or 
(iv) 
Any combination of the items (i) to (ii) above. 
In addition, any amounts to be paid on any Notes or Coupons will be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
FATCA, which refers to (1) sections 1471 to 1474 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code or any associated regulations or other official 
guidance; (2) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted 
in any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other jurisdiction, which (in either 
case) facilitates the implementation of (1) above; or (3) any agreement 
pursuant to the implementation of (1) or (2) above with the United States 
Internal Revenue Service, the United States government or any 
governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction, and the Issuer 
will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
an investor for any such FATCA deduction or withholding deducted or 
withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party.

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
170 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes 
due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under 
this Condition. 
9. 
Enforcement events, no events of default and no cross default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. There is no cross default under the 
Notes. 
However, each Note shall become immediately due and payable at its Specified 
Denomination, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, up to the date of payment, 
and together with any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts 
thereon), in the event that a judgment is made by a competent court for the judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of the whole of the business 
(cession totale de l’entreprise) following an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer for any 
other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and where the successor, absorbing 
or resulting entity acquires all the assets and liabilities of the Issuer and assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, no 
payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capital of the Issuer before all 
amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years (in the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which 
will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
11.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions").

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
171 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
11.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
11.3 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
11.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Resolutions", as further described in Condition 11.4.1 below), or 
(iii) by consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least seventy-five (75) per 
cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation 
(the "Written Majority Resolutions", as further described in Condition 11.4.2 below and 
together with the Written Unanimous Resolutions, the "Written Resolutions").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may 
be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
11.4.1 General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of 
the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for the General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
172 
commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by visioconference or by any other means of telecommunications 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period on the first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the 
second convocation preceding the holding of each General Meeting, to consult or make 
a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
11.4.2 Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Noteholders by way of a Written Unanimous Resolution or a Written Majority 
Resolution.  
(a) 
Written Unanimous Resolution 
Written Unanimous Resolutions shall be signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders 
and shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 
11.4.1. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Unanimous Resolution may also be given by 
way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). Any Written Unanimous Resolution shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Resolution may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 
11.8. 
(b) 
Written Majority Resolution 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be 
published as provided under Condition 11.4.1 no less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Resolution (the 
"Written Majority Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
173 
of such proposed Written Majority Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Resolution Date. 
Written Majority Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least seventy-five (75) per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding. Approval of a Written Majority Resolution may also be given by 
Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Resolution shall, for all purposes, have 
the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
Such Written Majority Resolution may be contained in one document, or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
11.4.3 Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the 
exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, the second sentence of Articles L.228-65 II, 
R.228-63, R.228-67 and R.228-69. 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of 
any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting 
from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de 
commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a 
prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the 
Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de 
commerce) shall apply to the Notes only to the extent that such proposal does not relate 
to a merger or demerger with another entity of the EDF Group. 
11.5 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all the reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the 
operations of the Masse, including the reasonable and duly documented expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
reasonable and duly documented administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective 
Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
11.6 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues and Consolidation), shall, for the defence 
of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all such Series. 
11.7 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder (the "Sole 
Noteholder"), such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted 
to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a 
register of the decisions taken by the Sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. For 
the avoidance of the doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the Notes of a 
given Series are held by a single Noteholder, such Representative shall be devoid of 
powers. 
11.8 
Notices to Noteholders

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
174 
Notices to Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 11 shall be (a) given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is 
not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by 
mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given notice on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing and (b) published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.edf.fr/groupe-edf). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 15(a), (b), (c), (d) 
shall not apply to such notices. 
11.9 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding" shall not include 
those Notes purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant 
to applicable laws and regulations. 
11.10 Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 issued outside France 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) that are issued outside France within the meaning of Article L.228-90 of the 
French Code de commerce, Conditions 11.1 to 11.9 above shall apply to the Notes, to the 
fullest extent possible in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
11.11 Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 issued inside France 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) that are not issued outside France within the meaning of Article L.228-90 of the 
French Code de commerce, Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following 
modifications:  
(i) 
the second paragraph of Condition 11.4.1 shall be deleted and replaced by the 
following paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third 
(2/3) majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting 
or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 11.4.3 shall not apply to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Condition 11.5 shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"11.5 Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, 
including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions 
and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective 
Decisions." 
12. 
Final Terms 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
175 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final 
Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from 
time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the 
Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the 
Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in 
one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and 
which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) 
shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe and, so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market 
so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is 
located, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper 
with general circulation in Europe and so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext Paris 
is expected to be Les Echos. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of 
the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
176 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions (including notices 
relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)) may be given by: 
(i) 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared; and 
(ii) 
by publication on the Issuer’s website ((https://www.edf.fr/groupe-edf), 
in each case, in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) above. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
16.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Paris Commercial Court (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris) has jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and, where 
applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons 
and the Talons)) and accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection therewith may be bought in such courts. 
(b) 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with the Notes (and, where applicable, 
the Coupons and the Talons) will be bought before the said Paris Commercial 
Court (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris).

--- Page 177 ---
Use of Proceeds 
177 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche will (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
be applied by the Issuer to: 
(i) 
meet part of its general financing requirements, including the refinancing of any 
indebtedness such as oustanding senior unsecured notes or deeply subordinated notes 
issued under or outside the Programme; or 
(ii) 
finance or refinance (a) renewable power projects, (b) hydropower generation including 
biodiversity, (c) energy efficiency projects, (d) distribution of electricity and (e) nuclear 
power generation, as further described in the green financing framework of the Issuer as 
of 
12 
July 
2022 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/2022-07/edf-green-bond-framework-2022-07-
12.pdf) (the "Green Financing Framework"); or 
(iii) 
finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing Eligible Projects as further described in 
the 
EDF 
Social 
Bond 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/contrib/groupe-edf/espaces-dedies/espace-finance-
en/investors-analysts/bonds/social-bonds/edf-social-bond-framework-may-19-2021.pdf) 
(the "Social Bond Framework"); or 
(iv) 
finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Green Financing Framework and the Social Bond Framework further describe the above-
mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, 
management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond 
Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as applicable) 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), as they may be further 
updated. In that context and in relation to Green Bonds and the Social Bonds, and as further 
described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to the Green 
Financing Framework and the Social Bond Framework (as applicable) or sections thereof. 
The Green Financing Framework and the Social Bond Framework describe, in addition to the 
eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second 
party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. It is also specified that the 
providers of such second party opinion and verification are and will be independent experts. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
A Second Party Opinion on the alignment of the Green Financing Framework to the appropriate 
standards has been provided by CICERO Shades of Green and is available on EDF’s website 
(https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/2022-07/edf-second-opinion-cicero-2022-07-09.pdf). 
A Second Party Opinion on the alignment of the Social Bond Framework to the Social Bond 
Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA has been provided by 
Standard 
and 
Poor’s 
and 
is 
available 
on 
EDF’s 
website 
(https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/contrib/groupe-edf/espaces-dedies/espace-finance-
en/investors-analysts/bonds/social-bonds/edf-social-bond-framework-sp-spo.pdf). 
The Green Financing Framework and the Social Bond Framework may be amended and 
supplemented from to time to time. Any such change or supplement will be made available on the 
EDF’s website.

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Issuer 
178 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
For a general description of the Issuer and the EDF Group, please refer to the documents 
incorporated by reference and the cross-reference table of the section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 179 ---
Recent Events 
179 
RECENT EVENTS 
Date: 26 April 2023 
Clarification on the stress corrosion phenomenon detected on parts of the auxiliary 
circuits of the main primary circuit  of several nuclear reactors
On 10 March 2023, EDF proposed to the ASN (Nuclear safety authority) an evolution in its stress 
corrosion control strategy. EDF is accelerating the inspection of the concerned welds of the RIS 
and RRA systems, in order to include the elements identified on the weld repaired at Penly 1.1
On 25 April 2023, the ASN announced to consider the schedule proposed by EDF for controls on 
priority welds to be appropriate.2
To date, the estimate of nuclear output in France for 2023 remains in the range 300-330TWh. 
****** 
Date: 18 May 2023 
EDF announces the success of its senior multi-tranche bond issue for a nominal amount 
of $3 billion and CAD 500 million 
On 17 May 2023: EDF (BBB stable S&P / Baa1 neg Moody’s / BBB+ stable Fitch) successfully 
priced a senior bond issuance in 5 tranches for a nominal amount of U.S. $3 billion (the “USD 
Bonds”) and CAD 500 million (the “CAD Bonds”): 

$1 billion bond, with a 5-year maturity and a 5.700% fixed coupon; 

$1 billion bond, with a 10-year maturity and a 6.250% fixed coupon; 

$1 billion bond, with a 30-year maturity and a 6.900% fixed coupon; 

CAD 300 million bond, with a 7-year maturity and a 5.993% fixed coupon; 

CAD 200 million bond, with a 30-year maturity and a 6.492% fixed coupon. 
EDF is an active issuer of debt and other types of securities. EDF regularly assesses its financing 
requirements and monitors national and international financial markets for opportunities to 
conduct additional issuances of senior debt, hybrids and/or other types of securities.  
Settlement and delivery of the USD Bonds will take place on 23 May 2023, the date on which the 
USD Bonds will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility of the Euro MTF, operated 
by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Settlement and delivery of the CAD Bonds will take place on 23 May 2023. 
These transactions enable the Group to further strengthen the structure of its balance sheet, as 
well as refinance upcoming maturities.  
The expected rating for the USD Bonds and the CAD Bonds is BBB / Baa1 / BBB+ (S&P / Moody's 
/ Fitch). 
****** 
Date: 6 June 2023 
EDF intends to issue new US dollar-denominated hybrid notes and launches a tender 
offer on outstanding US dollar - denominated hybrid notes
1
Since 2018, customers are counted per delivery site. A customer can have two delivery points: one for electricity and another one 
for gas.  
2
Including ÉS (Électricité de Strasbourg) and SEI.

--- Page 180 ---
Recent Events 
180 
EDF is announcing its intention to issue new US dollar-denominated perpetual subordinated 
notes (the “New Notes”). 
EDF is also launching a tender offer (the “Offer”) to purchase any and all of its USD 1,500,000,000 
Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes with a first redemption at the option of EDF on 22 January 
2024 (144A / Reg S ISIN: US268317AM62 / USF2893TAM83) of which USD 1,500,000,000 
million is currently outstanding, which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Notes”). The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to 
the conditions contained in the offer to purchase dated 6 June 2023 (the “Offer to Purchase”) and 
is subject to the offer restrictions as more fully described in the Offer to Purchase. The settlement 
of the Notes validly tendered in the Offer is conditioned on the closing of EDF’s proposed issuance 
of the New Notes. 
The difference, if any, between the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to the 
Offer and the nominal amount of the issuance of the New Notes will be offset, for the purpose of 
the equity content, by the bonds convertible into and/or exchangeable for new and/or existing 
EDF shares converted on 24 May 2023.3
The result of the Offer will be announced on 7 July 2023 (subject to change as a result of any 
extension, withdrawal, termination or amendment of the Offer). 
****** 
Date: 8 June 2023 
Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDF 
Following the reopening of the simplified public tender offer (the "Offer") filed by the French State 
for the equity securities of EDF4 and in accordance with the notice released on 26 May 2023 by 
the French Financial Markets Authority, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF"), the 
squeeze-out procedure in respect of the EDF shares and OCEANEs was completed on 8 June 
2023. 
The implementation of the squeeze-out procedure led to the transfer to the French State of the 
securities not tendered in the Offer, and to the delisting of EDF shares from Euronext Paris and 
of EDF OCEANEs from Euronext Access.  
The French State now holds all of EDF’s share capital and voting rights. 
As a result, former EDF shareholders will not be entitled to participate in the 2023 Annual General 
Meeting.5
In the context of the energy transition, this operation confirms EDF's key role in the production of 
carbon-free electricity and in supporting its customers towards greater energy efficiency. 
****** 
Date: 9 June 2023 
EDF announces the success of its hybrid notes issue for a nominal amount of $1.5 billion 
and the ongoing tender offer to purchase notes for cash announced on 6 June 20236
On 8 June 2023, EDF (BBB stable S&P / Baa1 stable Moody’s / BBB+ stable Fitch) successfully 
priced a US dollar-denominated 1.5 billion issuance of perpetual subordinated notes, at an initial 
9.125% coupon until 2033 with a 10-year first call date at EDF’s discretion (the “New Notes”). 
EDF will be able to redeem the New Notes for cash (i) at any time during the 3-month period 
preceding the first interest reset date, which is expected to be in 10 years, and on every 5 years 
3
https://www.edf.fr/en/the-edf-group/dedicated-sections/journalists/all-press-releases/conversion-of-edf-oceanes-due-2024 
4
See press release dated 23 May 2023. 
5
See the convening notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires dated 10 May 2023. Shareholders 
convened to the 2023 Annual General Meeting will be informed by e-mail notably sent by Uptevia or via the EDF website. 
6
See the press release dated 6 June 2023

--- Page 181 ---
Recent Events 
181 
thereafter, (ii) for rating methodology or accounting events, or certain changes of tax regime, or 
(iii) at any time pursuant to the make-whole call.7
EDF confirms that hybrid securities are a permanent part of its capital structure. This transaction 
is part of EDF's pro-active management of its outstanding hybrid notes: the proceeds resulting 
from this offering will be allocated for the redemption, in whole or in part, of its US dollar-
denominated perpetual subordinated notes (144A / Reg. S ISIN: US268317AM62 / 
USF2893TAM83)8 and for general corporate purposes of the Group. 
Settlement and delivery of the New Notes will take place on 15 June 2023, the date on which they 
will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Euro MTF). It is also expected that the rating agencies will assign the New Notes a 
rating of B+/Ba1/ /BBB- (S&P/ Moody’s/Fitch) and an equity content of 50%. 
****** 
Date: 13 June 2023 
Conversion of the remaining outstanding EDF OCEANES due 2024 
Terms in capital letters used but not defined in this notice shall have the meanings given to them 
in the terms and conditions of issue of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"). 
The French State has requested the conversion into Shares of the last outstanding EDF 
OCEANES (ISIN FR0013534518), after the squeeze-out on 8 June 20239, i.e. 80,298 OCEANES. 
This conversion results in the issuance of 103,504 new Shares, taking into account the 
Conversion/Exchange Ratio at date of 1.2890 Share per OCEANE.101112
It results in a capital increase for a total nominal amount of €51,752 and a premium for the 
conversion of EDF OCEANES into Shares for an amount of €825,903.68. The share capital of 
EDF will thus be increased from €2,084,757,544.50 to €2,084,809,296.50, consisting of 
4,169,618,593 Shares with a nominal value of €0.50 each. 
It allows a decrease of the bond debt for an amount of €877,657.14. The capital increase 
strengthens EDF's balance sheet structure and will allow, if necessary, the refinancing of part of 
the hydride subordinated debt. 
****** 
Date: 21 June 2023 
EDF announces the early participation results of its tender offer on outstanding US 
dollar-denominated hybrid notes 
EDF announces the early participation results of the Offer Following the launch on 6 June 202313
of its offer to purchase for cash any and all (the “Offer”) of its $1,500,000,000 Reset Perpetual 
Subordinated Notes which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (the “Notes”). 
Summary table of the early participation results of the Offer 
7
The make-whole call enables the early redemption by EDF of the outstanding New Notes, in whole, at a price which depends on 
the make-whole redemption date. 
8
See the press release dated 6 June 2023 
9
https://www.edf.fr/en/the-edf-group/dedicated-sections/journalists/all-press-releases/implementation-of-the-squeeze-out-
procedure-in-respect-of-the-equity-securities-of-edf 
10
https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/epresspack/4161/PR-Update-OCEANE-conversion-ratio.pdf 
11
https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/epresspack/4721/PR_Conversion-ratio-adjustement-V08.02.pdf 
12
https://www.edf.fr/sites/groupe/files/epresspack/5211/PR-OCEANE-due-2024-reopening-of-the-simplified-public-tender-offer-
filed-by-the-French-State-and-adjustment-of-the-conversion-exchange-ratio.pdf 
13
See the press release dated 6 June 2023

--- Page 182 ---
Recent Events 
182 
Title of Notes 
CUSIP/ISIN No. 
Amount 
Tendered 
and Accepted 
for Purchase 
Total 
Early 
Purchase 
Price14
Early 
Participation 
Amount15
Purchase 
Price16
$1,500,000,000 
Reset 
Perpetual 
Subordinated 
Notes 
CUSIP: 
268317AM6 (Rule 
144A)/F2893TAM8 
(Reg S) 
$901,449,000
$995.00 
$50.00 
$945.00 
ISIN: 
US268317AM62 
(Rule 144A)/ 
USF2893TAM83 
(Reg S) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Early Participation Date has expired at 5:00 p.m., New York City 
time, on June 20, 2023, and is not being extended. The settlement date for the Notes validly 
tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Participation Date is expected to be 22 
June 2023. 
The Offer will continue until 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 6 July 2023, unless extended or 
earlier terminated (the “Expiration Date”). The purchase price for Notes validly tendered pursuant 
to the Offer after the Early Participation Date and at or prior to the Expiration Date and accepted 
for purchase by EDF will consist of the Purchase Price. Holders of the Notes wishing to participate 
in the Offer after the Early Participation Date will not receive the Early Participation Amount. 
This press release does not contain the full terms and conditions of the Offer, which are described 
in the Offer to Purchase dated 6 June 2023 prepared by EDF (the “Offer to Purchase”) 
****** 
Date: 22 June 2023 
EDF announces the success of its senior multi-tranche bond issue for a nominal amount 
of ¥33 billion 
On 22 June 2023: EDF (AA stable JCR / BBB stable S&P / Baa1 stable Moody’s / BBB+ stable 
Fitch) successfully priced a senior Samurai bond issuance in 4 tranches for a nominal amount 
of ¥33 billion: 

¥25.3 billion bond, with a 5-year maturity and a 1.059% fixed coupon; 

¥2.2 billion bond, with a 7-year maturity and a 1.355% fixed coupon; 

¥4.4 billion bond, with a 10-year maturity and a 1.695% fixed coupon. 

¥1.1 billion bond, with a 20-year maturity and a 2.328% fixed coupon. 
These transactions enable the Group to further strengthen the structure of its balance sheet, as 
well as refinance upcoming maturities. This transaction with a number of Japanese investors 
further contributes towards the Group’s investor base diversification policy. 
14
The total early purchase price payable for each Note (the “Total Early Purchase Price”) will be a price per $1,000 in principal 
amount of such Note validly tendered at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 20 June 2023 (the “Early Participation Date”) 
and accepted for purchase by EDF, and already includes the early participation amount (the “Early Participation Amount”) 
expressed as an amount per $1,000 in principal amount of the Notes. 
15
The total early purchase price payable for each Note (the “Total Early Purchase Price”) will be a price per $1,000 in principal 
amount of such Note validly tendered at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 20 June 2023 (the “Early Participation Date”) 
and accepted for purchase by EDF, and already includes the early participation amount (the “Early Participation Amount”) 
expressed as an amount per $1,000 in principal amount of the Notes. 
16
The purchase price payable for each Note (the “Purchase Price”) will be a price per $1,000 in principal amount of such Note validly 
tendered pursuant to the Offer after the Early Participation Date and at or prior to the expiration date of the Offer (which is expected 
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 6 July 2023, the Expiration Date) and accepted for purchase by EDF.

--- Page 183 ---
Recent Events 
183 
****** 
Date : 26 June 2023 
EDF and Trimet sign long-term contract for electricity supply 
Energy supplier EDF and aluminium producer Trimet signed a new contract on 26 June for 
electricity supply used to produce primary aluminum in France. The agreement extends the 
cooperation that has existed between both partners since 2013. The contract secures the energy 
supply for the aluminium smelter in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne in the amount of 22TWh in total for 
up to ten years. It includes flexible components to provide a balanced share of risks and benefits. 
Aluminium is a global commodity. It is produced using an electrochemical process that requires 
important volumes of electricity. Energy is a major cost factor in the aluminium production. 
"The agreement shows how a good partnership proves its worth in challenging times. The 
agreement gives us the necessary planning security and ensures that this strategic metal is 
produced where it is needed," says Philipp Schlüter, President of Trimet France SAS. "Aluminium 
is the metal for the green transformation. Trimet can now start ramping up its production of low 
carbon aluminium. In doing so, we are consistently following our goal of climateneutral aluminium 
production." 
“EDF is proud to renew its partnership with Trimet: EDF has contributed for 10 years, alongside 
the Trimet Group, to maintaining this major aluminium producer on French soil and continues to 
support, within this new electricity supply contract, this activity for up to 10 years,” says Luc 
Rémont, Chairman and CEO of EDF. “EDF wishes to accompany the decarbonization ambitions 
of large industrial consumers of electricity in France and to support them in a competitive and 
sustainable way within long-term contracts in order to give them an additional lever of 
performance and visibility needed for their investments.” 
The aluminium smelter with adjoining casthouse produces around 150,000 tonnes of aluminium 
annually with around 600 employees. Trimet took over the tradition-rich plant in 2013 and has 
continuously expanded production capacity. 
EDF holds a 35% stake in Trimet France SAS. In addition to the aluminium smelter, the company 
operates a casthouse in Castelsarrasin. In France, Trimet produces various value-added products 
including high-quality aluminium wire rod for electrical and mechanical applications, which is 
processed into cables and connecting elements for the energy and automotive industries. 
****** 
Date : 29 June 2023 
The EDF Group files requests for authorisations to build the first pair of EPR2 reactors 
on the Penly site 
The EDF Group files requests for authorisations to build the first pair of EPR2 reactors on the 
Penly site EDF is engaged in the authorisation procedures required for the launch of the 
construction of the first pair of EPR2 reactors at Penly, as well as the administrative procedures 
for its completion and its link-up to the electricity grid. EDF's target is to start preparatory work 
mid-2024. 
Following the analysis of the results of the public debate which took place between 27 October 
2022 and 27 February 2023 under the aegis of the National Commission for Public Debate 
(Commission nationale du débat public - CNDP), yesterday, the EDF Board of Directors decided 
to proceed with the planned construction of the first pair of ERP2 reactors at Penly in response 
to the expectations expressed during the debate. 
EDF confirms its commitments to sound regional integration of this project in the Penly area: 
- Carrying out an exemplary project, in terms of sustainable development with a socially 
responsible worksite,

--- Page 184 ---
Recent Events 
184 
- Fully assuming its role alongside local authorities and the State in the Major Project type 
procedures to be implemented, 
- Informing the general public in a transparent and continuous manner of the follow-up on the 
debate and the EPR2 project and consulting the people of the region on the implementation of its 
commitments throughout the life of the project. 
EDF, in association with its French sector, had submitted to the State in May 2021 a proposal for 
the construction of the new EPR2 reactor programme in France. The vocation of this programme 
is to contribute, alongside renewable energies, to reaching France's targets in terms of 
decarbonisation of the economy and the country's energy sovereignty. 
EDF proposes to build three pairs of EPR2 reactors, in order, on sites at Penly, Gravelines (Hauts 
de France) and in the Auvergne Rhône-Alpes region at Bugey or Tricastin. 
This programme for three pairs of EPR2 reactors will mobilise 30,000 jobs per year during the 
construction phase and more than 10,000 during the operating phase. 
****** 
Date : 7 July 2023 
EDF announces the final results of its tender offer for outstanding US dollar-
denominated hybrid notes 
EDF announces the final results of its offer launched on 6 June 2023 to purchase for cash any 
and all (the “Offer”) of its $1,500,000,000 Reset Perpetual Subordinated Notes, which are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Notes”). 
Summary table of the results of the Offer 
Title of Notes 
CUSIP/ISIN No. 
Amount 
Tendered on or 
prior to the 
Early 
Participation 
Date and 
Accepted for 
Purchase 
Amount 
Tendered after 
the Early 
Participation 
Date and on or 
prior to the 
Expiration Date 
and Accepted 
for Purchase 
Purchase 
Price(1)
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding 
immediately 
following the 
settlement 
date(2)
$1,500,000,000 
Reset 
Perpetual 
Subordinated 
Notes 
CUSIP: 
268317AM6 
(Rule 144A)/ 
F2893TAM8 (Reg 
S) 
ISIN: 
US268317AM62 
(Rule 144A)/ 
USF2893TAM83 
(Reg S) 
$901,449,000 
$2,910,000 
$945.00 
$595,641,000
(1) The purchase price payable for each Note (the “Purchase Price”) is a price per $1,000 in principal amount of such Note validly tendered pursuant to the Offer 
after 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 20 June 2023 (the “Early Participation Date”) and at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time on 6 July 2023 (the 
“Expiration Date”) and accepted for purchase by EDF. 
(2)  i.e., the aggregate principal amount of the Notes not tendered pursuant to the Offer. 
The settlement date for the Notes tendered and accepted for purchase by EDF is expected to 
be 10 July 2023.

--- Page 185 ---
Recent Events 
185 
****** 
Date : 10 July 2023 
Chloé Pfeiffer and Erkki Maillard respectively appointed Executive Coordination Director 
and Senior VP Government and International Affairs for the EDF Group 
Chloé Pfeiffer takes up the position of Group Executive Coordination Director starting 
from the 1 st of July 2023. 
Chloé Pfeiffer, 45, graduated from Polytechnique and Ecole des Ponts Paris Tech. She began 
her career at Renault in 2004 before shifting to the energy sector, first, at Engie, where she was 
Executive Secretary of the Finance Department from 2007 onwards, during the preparation for 
the merger between Gaz de France and Suez. Still at Engie, she then became Senior Business 
Developer for solar power working on the Group’s solar power strategy and the development of 
smart business offers. In 2014, she joined the EDF Group by joining Enedis as Deputy 
Technical Director for the Mediterranean to lead smart grids projects. She then worked on the 
company’s digital transformation as Digital Innovation Director. In 2019, she was appointed 
Director of Enedis Paris. 
Since March 2023, she has been tasked with the business project for the EDF Group’s 
chairmanship. She will be managing the Group’s executive coordination starting from July 2023. 
Erkki Maillard takes up the position of EDF’s Senior VP Government and International 
Affairs starting from the 1st of July 2023. 
Erkki Maillard, 50, graduated from ESCP and Sciences Po Paris, and a former student of the 
French National School of Administration. 
He began his career in 2002 at the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he served both in 
France and abroad, particularly in China and Italy. He has also been an advisor or private 
secretary to the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, the French Minister of European Affairs, and 
the French Minister for Higher Education and Research. 
Building on this experience, he joined the EDF Group in 2016 as Diplomatic Advisor. He has 
also been Senior Vice-President of European Affairs since 2019. 
In this new position, he will be in charge of the relations with the French Government.

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
186 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
[MiFID II Product Governance / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market] [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties] – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services], [subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, [subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].] 
1
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 10(vii) of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 10(vii) of Part B 
below.

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
187 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s] product approval process, the target market assessment, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
[Notification under section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - [To insert notice if classification of 
the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]”.]3
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Électricité de France 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under its €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared 
on the basis that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any 
Member State will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; 
or 
(ii) 
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [10 (vi)] of Part B below, 
provided such person is one of the persons mentioned in Paragraph [10 (vi)] of Part B 
below and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose 
therein.] 
2
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no 
UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.  
3
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
188 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 August 2023 which received approval no 
23-351 from the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF") in France on 7 August 2023 (the 
"Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval no [•] from the AMF on [•]]4 which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary 
of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]5 For so long as any Notes are 
outstanding, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] (i) 
are available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s 
website (www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and (ii) may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business 
hours from Électricité de France, 22-30, avenue de Wagram, 75008 Paris, France. [In addition6, 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions 
which are the [EMTN 2013 Conditions/ EMTN 2015 Conditions/ EMTN 2016 Conditions/ EMTN 
2018 Conditions/ EMTN 2019 Conditions/ EMTN 2021 Conditions / EMTN 2022 Senior 
Conditions]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 August 2023 which received 
approval no. 23-351 from the AMF in France on 7 August 2023 (the "Base Prospectus") [and 
the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval no [•] from the AMF 
in France on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the [EMTN 2013 Conditions/ EMTN 2015 Conditions/ EMTN 2016 
Conditions/ EMTN 2018 Conditions/ EMTN 2019 Conditions/ EMTN 2021 Conditions/EMTN 2022 
Senior Conditions]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus and the base 
prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [•]]. [However, a 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms].7 For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] 
and the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to that base prospectus] (i) are available 
for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s website 
(www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and (ii) may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours 
from Électricité de France, 22-30, avenue de Wagram, 75008 Paris, France. [In addition8, the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs. which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Électricité de France 
2. 
(i) Series Number: 
[•] 
4
Delete if no supplement is published. 
5
Insert where an issue of Notes with a denomination of less that €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) is anticipated. 
6
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
7
Insert where an issue of Notes with a denomination of less that €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) is anticipated. 
8
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
189 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
[(iii)] Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Notes") [as from the date of assimilation which 
is expected to be on or about 40 days after the 
Issue Date (the "Assimilation Date") of this 
Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche].] (This item applies to fungible issues 
only) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[insert amount or, in case of non-exempt offer, 
manner 
[the 
Issuer’s 
website 
and 
free 
availability at the Issuer’s head office] in and 
date on which such amount is to be made public]
[(i) Series: 
[•]] 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest from and including [insert date] to, but 
excluding, [the Issue Date/ insert other date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
(Condition 1 (b)) 
[•]
9
 (one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes) (For Materialised Notes, 
attention should be paid to the rules and 
procedures of the relevant Regulated Market(s) 
and/or clearing system(s)). 
7. 
[(i) Issue Date: 
[•]] 
[(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] % Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR] [+/– [•] % 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
9
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
190 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
outstanding nominal amount.] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Specify details of 
any provision for convertibility of Notes into 
another interest basis, in particular specify the 
date when any fixed/floating rate change occurs 
(if any) or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
- Status of the Notes: 
- Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
Senior Notes 
Resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [•], and decision of [Jean-Bernard 
Lévy, Président-Directeur Général], to issue the 
Notes dated [•] and delegating to [•] the authority 
to sign the documentation relating to the Notes. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
(payable 
[annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Additional Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted]
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•]] per [•] in Nominal Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] (Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount [(s)])] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] [Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – FBF / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/Actual – ISDA /

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
191 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA])) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•]
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates/Interest Period 
Date: 
[•] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iii) below] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / [unadjusted]] 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(v) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
[•] 
(vii) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
Floating Rate: 
[•] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Floating Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de 
Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
[•] 
— 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from 
those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•]

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
192 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
— 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
— 
Calculation Period: 
[•] 
— 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
— 
Fixing Day: 
[•] 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [•] 
— 
Termination Date: 
[•] 
— 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate] 
— 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback : [•]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
— 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]]

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
193 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
— 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
— 
Observation Period 
Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[•] 
— 
Compound with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value of the Lockout will be five (5))
— 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear 
interpolation: 
[Applicable : [•] (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
— 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
— 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[•] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
(Where the Reference Rate is SONIA, include 
the below wording) 
[[●] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(Where the Reference Rate is SOFR, include 
the below wording) 
[[●] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)] 
— 
Primary Source for 
Floating 
Rate/Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
(In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
—        [Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] (only 
applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound /SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound /SOFR Index Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
194 
—        Observation    
Method: 
[only applicable in the case of SONIA:
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]] 
— 
Observation Look-
Back Period:  
[(only applicable in the case of SONIA or SOFR) 
[[●] 
T2 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] [Not Applicable]] 
—         [SONIA] Look-
back Period: 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
and ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
—       [SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
—       [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average)]  
—       [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average)]  
— 
Reference Banks 
(if Primary Source 
is "Reference 
Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
— 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the benchmark—specify if not London] 
— 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Representative 
Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notational amount] 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
— 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
— 
Reference 
Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
195 
— 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
— 
Specified Time: 
[•] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[zero/[•] per cent. per annum]10
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
— 
[Benchmark Replacement: 
Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(iii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●] /[Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[specify dates] 
(viii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
([ICMA/ISDA])/include 
any other option from the Conditions] 
(x) 
Business Day 
Convention(s): 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / [unadjusted]] 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]per cent. per annum/ 0 per cent. Per annum]]
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
10
The Minimum Rate of Interest (including any applicable margin) shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
196 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(h)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(h)(ii) 
applies 
(further detail in item 24 below) (applicable only 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes)] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(h)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(h)(ii) 
applies 
(further detail in item 24 below) (applicable only 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes)] 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination]/[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes] 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(g) applies]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
197 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
21. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice Period11: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if 
other than set out in 
Condition 6(c)): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[•] 
(v) 
Reference Screen Page: 
[specify applicable screen page and applicable 
settings to be used to determine the yield to 
maturity]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Method of determination of 
the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation] / [Reference 
Screen Page] 
(vii) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Relevant Government 
Securities: 
[UK Gilt] / [German Bund] / [French OAT] / [US 
Treasuries] 
22. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date: 
As from [•] 
23. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
specify threshold of the initial aggregate 
principal amount to which the Clean-Up Call 
Option apply. The threshold may be 75% or any 
other higher percentage.) 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option), 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-Up Call 
Option), for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(i)), for illegality 
[•] [As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes]
11
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 198 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
198 
(Condition 6(l)) or an event of 
default (Condition 9): 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index:  
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(h)(ii) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate)
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether)] 
[Bearer dematerialised form (au porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominative 
[pur/administré])] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give names and 
details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [•] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
subject 
to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
(iv) 
Identification of 
Noteholders (Condition 1 
(c) (v)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(v) 
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption (or successor 
exemption): 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
related to the date and place of payment, and 
not interest payment dates and interest period 
end dates, to which item 15(iv) relates.) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]

--- Page 199 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
199 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
28. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 
apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 14 
apply/The provisions annexed to these Final 
Terms apply] 
30. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
[The provisions [in Condition 11.10]/[in condition 
11.11] apply] 
Name and address of the Representative: [•] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [•]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration / The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [•]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ....................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 200 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
200 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.)
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[Insert legal name ofparticular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU
CRA 
Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name]of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/riskcra-authorisation] 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")

--- Page 201 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
201 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update 
of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include 
names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
["Save as disclosed in ["Subscription and Sale"] so far as the Issuer is aware, no other 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
[OTHER ADVISORS 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a declaration which specifies 
the capacity in which the advisors have acted.]] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [its general corporate 
purposes/specify any other reasons.]]/[The Notes 
constitute [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[•] and the 
net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance [in whole or in part] one or more of the 
projects 
included 
in 
the 
[Green 
Eligible 
Projects]/[Social Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible 
Projects and Social Eligible Projects] pursuant to 
the Framework which is available on the website of 
the Issuer ([•]) and described below:  
[Describe specific projects included in the Green 
Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects 
and/or availability of Second Party Opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained]]

--- Page 202 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
202 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total 
expenses: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[yield gap of [•]% in relation to tax free government 
bonds of an equivalent duration] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Performance of interest rates: 
Details of performance of  [EURIBOR/other] rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters / other / give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the 
Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK 
BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the [European Union]/[UK], recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]

--- Page 203 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
203 
9. 
[Inflation-Linked Notes only - Performance of index, Explanation of effect on 
value of investment and Associated Risks and Other Information 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can 
be obtained, [and a clear and comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how 
the value of their investment is affected by the value of the underlying and the circumstances 
when the risks are most evident].  
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation].
(a) 
Name of underlying index: [] 
(b) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge, from: []/[give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of volatility and performance] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained)]/[does not intend to provide post-issuance information.]
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(A) 
Names 
and 
addresses of Managers:
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as 
the Managers) 
[(B) 
When 
the 
[subscription/placement
/underwriting] 
agreement has been or 
will be reached:]12
[•] 
[(C) 
Indication of the 
material features of the 
[subscription/placement
/underwriting], including 
the quotas:]13
[•] 
(D) 
Stabilisation 
manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Total commission and 
concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories 
of 
potential 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C] / [TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not 
applicable] 
12
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
13
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000.

--- Page 204 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
204 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered):  
(vi) 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] / [An offer of the Notes may be 
made by the Managers [and [specify names of 
other financial intermediaries / placers making non-
exempt offers, to the extent known OR consider a 
generic description of other parties involved in non-
exempt offers (e.g. "other parties authorised by the 
Managers") or (if relevant) note that other parties 
may make non-exempt offers in the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions during the Offer Period, if not 
known]] 
(together 
with 
the 
Managers, 
the 
"Financial Intermediaries") other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant Member State(s) - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to 
the jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
("Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s]") during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [•] Business Days thereafter"] ("Offer Period"). 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
placeholders of this sub-paragraph(vi) and also 
paragraph 12 (Terms and Conditions of the Offer)  
below shall b eNot Applicable) 
(A) 
Consent of the Issuer to 
use the Base Prospectus during 
the Offer Period: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(B) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in 
the 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer 
to act as Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent 
of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus"] 
(C) 
Conditions attached to 
the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Base Prospectus, specify any additional 
conditions to or any condition replacing those set 
out in the Base Prospectus. Where Authorised 
Offeror(s) have been designated herein, specify 
any condition] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, in 
respect of UK retail investors) an investment,

--- Page 205 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
205 
where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor).
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common code: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) et address(es)] 
Name and address of the 
[entities/entity] which [has/have] 
a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of 
[its/their] commitment: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
description] 
[Common Depositary: 
[•]] 
Registrar: 
[Principal Registrar/Alternative Registrar - Specify] 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
[Applicable14 / Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Offer Period: 
The period from [•] until [•] 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(Where an indication of the expected price cannot 
be given, add a description of the method of 
determining the price, pursuant to Article 17 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, and the process for its 
disclosure) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
14
Applicable only for Non-exempt Offer issues.

--- Page 206 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
206 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time 
limits 
for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Various categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
If the offer is being made 
simultaneously in the markets of 
two or more countries, and if 
tranche(s) are being reserved 
for certain countries, indication 
of any such tranche(s): 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants 
of the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin 
before 
notification 
is 
made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 207 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
207 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted completed and annexed to the Final Terms of the 
Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000]

--- Page 208 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
208 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
[MiFID II Product Governance / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market] [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties] – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s]/[s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services], [subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, [subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].] 
1
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 10(vii) of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 10(vii) of Part B 
below.

--- Page 209 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
209 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s]/[s’] product approval process, the target market assessment, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
[Notification under section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - [To insert notice if classification of 
the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]”.] 3
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Électricité de France 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under its €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared 
on the basis that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any 
Member State will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; 
or 
(ii) 
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [10 (vi)] of Part B below, 
provided such person is one of the persons mentioned in Paragraph [10 (vi)] of Part B 
2
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no 
UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 210 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
210 
below and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose 
therein.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 August 2023 which received approval no 
23-351 from the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF") in France on 7 August 2023 (the 
"Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval no [•] from the AMF on [•]]4 which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary 
of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]5 For so long as any Notes are 
outstanding, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] (i) 
are available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s 
website (www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and (ii) may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business 
hours from Électricité de France, 22-30, avenue de Wagram, 75008 Paris, France. [In addition6, 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions 
which are the [EMTN 2022 Subordianted Conditions]. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 7 August 2023 which received approval no. 23-351 from the AMF in France on 
7 August 2023 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] 
which received approval no [•] from the AMF in France on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the [EMTN 2022 
Subordianted Conditions]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus and the 
base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [•]]. [However, a 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms].7 For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] 
and the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to that base prospectus] (i) are available 
for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s website 
(www.edf.fr/groupe-edf) and (ii) may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours 
from Électricité de France, 22-30, avenue de Wagram, 75008 Paris, France. [In addition8, the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs. which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Électricité de France 
2. 
(i) Series Number: 
[•] 
4
Delete if no supplement is published. 
5
Insert where an issue of Notes with a denomination of less that €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) is anticipated. 
6
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
7
Insert where an issue of Notes with a denomination of less that €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) is anticipated. 
8
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 211 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
211 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Notes") [as from the date of assimilation which 
is expected to be on or about 40 days after the 
Issue Date (the "Assimilation Date") of this 
Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche].] (This item applies to fungible issues 
only) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[insert amount or, in case of non-exempt offer, 
manner 
[the 
Issuer’s 
website 
and 
free 
availability at the Issuer’s head office] in and 
date on which such amount is to be made public]
[(i) Series: 
[•]] 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest from and including [insert date] to, but 
excluding, [the Issue Date/ insert other date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
(Condition 1 (b)) 
[●]
9
 (one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes) (For Materialised Notes, 
attention should be paid to the rules and 
procedures of the relevant Regulated Market(s) 
and/or clearing system(s)). 
7. 
[(i) Issue Date: 
[•]] 
[(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] / [Undated Notes.] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] % Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR] [+/– [•] % 
Floating Rate] 
[Resettable Notes] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
10. 
Deferral of Interest - Optional 
Interest Payment:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
9
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 212 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
212 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
outstanding nominal amount.]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify “Not Applicable” for Undated Notes) 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Specify details of 
any provision for convertibility of Notes into 
another interest basis, in particular specify the 
date when any fixed/floating rate change occurs 
(if any) or refer to paragraphs 15 and 17 below 
and identify there)
13. 
Call Options: 
[Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Redemption following an Accounting Event] 
[Redemption following an Rating Methodology 
Event]  
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event] 
[Redemption following a Withholding Tax  
Event] 
[Redemption following a Tax Deductibility 
Event] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
- Status of the Notes: 
- Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Dated/Undated] Notes  
Resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [•], and decision of [Jean-Bernard 
Lévy, Président-Directeur Général], to issue the 
Notes dated [•] and delegating to [•] the authority 
to sign the documentation relating to the Notes. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
(payable 
[annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Additional Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted]
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•]] per [•] in Nominal Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] (Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest

--- Page 213 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
213 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount [(s)])] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] [Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – FBF / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA]))

--- Page 214 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
214 
16. 
Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Benchmark Replacement 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] 
in 
[arrear/advance]] 
(iii) Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[GBP Reference Rate]/[CMT 
Rate] 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] / Not Applicable] 
(v) Margin(s): 
[●] 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] [and ending 
on the Maturity Date] 
(vii) First Reset Date:  
[●] 
(viii) Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(ix) Day Count Fraction:  
[•] [Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – FBF / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(x) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / [unadjusted]] 
(xi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(xii) Relevant Screen Page:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) Subsequent Reset Dates: 
[●] 
(xiv) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) Original Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvi) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvii) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Initial Reset Reference Rate: 
[●]%10
(xix) CMT Rate Maturity: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(xx) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]11
(xxi) Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
10
Initial reference rate determined on pricing date to be included. 
11
The Minimum Rate of Interest (including any applicable margin shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 215 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
215 
(xxii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•]
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates/Interest Period 
Date: 
[•] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iii) below] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / [unadjusted]] 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(v) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
Floating Rate: 
[•] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Floating Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de 
Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
[•] 
— 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from 
those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•]

--- Page 216 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
216 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
— 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
— 
Calculation Period: 
[•] 
— 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
— 
Fixing Day: 
[•] 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [•] 
— 
Termination Date: 
[•] 
— 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate] 
— 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback : [•]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5))

--- Page 217 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
217 
— 
Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
— 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
— 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[•] 
— 
Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
— 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear interpolation: 
[Applicable : [•] (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
— 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
— 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[•] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
(Where the Reference Rate is SONIA, include 
the below wording) 
[[●] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(Where the Reference Rate is SOFR, include 
the below wording) 
[[●] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)] 
— 
Primary Source for 
Floating 
Rate/Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
(In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
—        [Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average](only 
applicable in the case of SONIA)

--- Page 218 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
218 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound /SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound /SOFR Index Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
—        Observation    
Method: 
[(only applicable in the case of SONIA or SOFR) 
[[●] 
T2 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] [Not Applicable]] 
—       Observation Look-
Back Period:  
[(only applicable in the case of SONIA) [[●] T2 
Business Days/London Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable]] 
—         [SONIA] Look-
back Period: 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
and ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
—       [SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
—       [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average)]  
—       [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average)]  
— 
Reference Banks 
(if Primary Source 
is "Reference 
Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
— 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the benchmark—specify if not London] 
— 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Representative 
Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notational amount] 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]

--- Page 219 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
219 
— 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
— 
Reference 
Currency: 
[•] 
— 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
— 
Specified Time: 
[•] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[zero/[•] per cent. per annum]12
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
— 
[Benchmark Replacement: 
Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Call Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Residual Redemption 
Period(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Residual Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
(v) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice Period13: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if 
other than set out in 
Condition 6(c)): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[•] 
12
The Minimum Rate of Interest (including any applicable margin) shall not be less than zero. 
13
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 220 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
220 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[•] 
(v) 
Reference Screen Page: 
[specify applicable screen page and applicable 
settings to be used to determine the yield to 
maturity •]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Method of determination of 
the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation] / [Reference 
Screen Page] 
(vii) 
Relevant time: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Relevant Government 
Securities: 
[UK Gilt] / [German Bund] / [French OAT] / [US 
Treasuries] / [●] 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
specify threshold of the initial aggregate 
principal amount to which the Clean-Up Call 
Option apply. The threshold may be 75% or any 
other higher percentage.) 
21. 
Redemption following a Gross-
Up Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Redemption following a 
Withholding Tax Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Redemption following a Tax 
Deductibility Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Redemption following an 
Accounting Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Initial Accounting Treatment: 
[Liability]/[Equity]/[●] 
25. 
Redemption following a Rating 
Methodology Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption in 
case of the exercise of the 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption 
following a Gross-Up 
Event: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
221 
(iii) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption 
following a Withholding 
Tax Event: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption 
following a Tax 
Deductibility Event: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption 
following an Accounting 
Event: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption 
following a Rating 
Methodology Event:
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination][until 
[●] and [●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination from [●]][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
28. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate)
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether)] 
[Bearer dematerialised form (au porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominative 
[pur/administré])] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give names and 
details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [•] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
subject 
to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
(iv) 
Identification of 
Noteholders (Condition 1 
(c) (v)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(v) 
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption (or successor 
exemption): 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
29. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
related to the date and place of payment, and 
not interest payment dates and interest period 
end dates, to which item 15(iv) relates.)

--- Page 222 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
222 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
31. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 
apply] 
32. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 14 
apply/The provisions annexed to these Final 
Terms apply] 
33. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
[The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 
11.10]/[in 
Condition 11.11] apply] 
Name and address of the Representative: [•] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [•]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration / The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [•]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ....................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 223 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
223 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.)
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  
[[Insert legal name ofparticular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/riskcra-authorisation]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating gency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")

--- Page 224 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
224 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes.
Considerations regarding redemption and repurchase of the Notes: 
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal obligation) at any time that it will 
(a) redeem or (b) repurchase the Notes only to the extent the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not exceed the net proceeds received by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer prior to or on the date of such redemption or repurchase 
from the sale or issuance by the Issuer or such Subsidiary to third party purchasers (other 
than group entities of the Issuer) of securities which are assigned by S&P at the time of sale 
or issuance, an aggregate "equity credit" (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from 
time to time) that is equal to or greater than the "equity credit" assigned to the Notes to be 
redeemed or repurchased at the time of their issuance (but taking into account any changes 
in hybrid capital methodology or another relevant methodology or the interpretation thereof 
since the issuance of the Notes), unless 
- the credit rating or the stand-alone credit profile assigned by S&P to the Issuer is at least 
the same as or higher than the credit rating or stand-alone credit profile assigned to the 
Issuer on the date when the most recent additional hybrid security was issued (excluding 
refinancings without net new issuance) and the Issuer is of the view that such rating would 
not fall below this level as a result of such redemption or repurchase, or 
- in the case of a repurchase or a redemption, taken together with other relevant repurchases 
or redemptions of hybrid securities of the Issuer, such repurchase or redemption is less than 
(x) 10 (ten) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Issuer's outstanding hybrid 
securities in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 25 (twenty-five) per cent of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Issuer's outstanding hybrid securities in any period of ten 
consecutive years, provided that such repurchase or redemption has no materially negative 
effect on the Issuer's credit profile, or  
- if the Notes are not assigned an "equity credit" (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
S&P at the time of such redemption or repurchase), or 
- the Notes are redeemed pursuant to a Rating Methodology Event, Accounting Event, 
Withholding Tax Event, Tax Gross-up Event or a Tax Deductibility Event, or 
- in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase relates to an aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which is less than or equal to the excess (if any) above the maximum aggregate 
principal amount of the Issuer’s hybrid capital to which S&P then assigns equity content 
under its prevailing methodology, or 
- any such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [***].]
(N.B. intention language only relevant when [S&P] equity credit is contemplated)

--- Page 225 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
225 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update 
of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include 
names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
["Save as disclosed in ["Subscription and Sale"] so far as the Issuer is aware, no other 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
[OTHER ADVISORS 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a declaration which specifies 
the capacity in which the advisors have acted.]] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [its general corporate 
purposes/specify any other reasons.]]/[The Notes 
constitute [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[•] and the 
net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance [in whole or in part] one or more of the 
projects 
included 
in 
the 
[Green 
Eligible 
Projects]/[Social Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible 
Projects and Social Eligible Projects] pursuant to 
the Framework which is available on the website of 
the Issuer ([•]) and described below:  
[Describe specific projects included in the Green 
Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects 
and/or availability of Second Party Opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained]] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total 
expenses: 
[insert amount or, if relevant, manner in and date 
on which such amount is to be made public] 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•]

--- Page 226 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
226 
[yield gap of [•]% in relation to tax free government 
bonds of an equivalent duration] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES AND RESETTABLE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC 
INTEREST RATES 
Performance of interest rates: 
Details of performance of  [EURIBOR/other] rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters / other / give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the 
Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK 
BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the [European Union]/[UK], recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(A) 
Names 
and 
addresses of Managers:
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as 
the Managers) 
[(B) 
When 
the 
[subscription/placement
/underwriting] 
agreement has been or 
will be reached:]14
[•] 
[(C) 
Indication of the 
material features of the 
[subscription/placement
[•] 
14
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000.

--- Page 227 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
227 
/underwriting], including 
the quotas:]15
(D) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Total commission and 
concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered):  
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C] / [TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(vi) 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] / [An offer of the Notes may be 
made by the Managers [and [specify names of 
other financial intermediaries / placers making non-
exempt offers, to the extent known OR consider a 
generic description of other parties involved in non-
exempt offers (e.g. "other parties authorised by the 
Managers") or (if relevant) note that other parties 
may make non-exempt offers in the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions during the Offer Period, if not 
known]] 
(together 
with 
the 
Managers, 
the 
"Financial Intermediaries") other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant Member State(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to 
the jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
("Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s]") during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [•] Business Days thereafter"] ("Offer Period"). 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
placeholders of this sub-paragraph(vi) and also 
paragraph 11 (Terms and Conditions of the Offer)  
below shall be Not Applicable) 
(A) 
Consent of the Issuer to 
use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus during the 
Offer Period: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(B) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in 
the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer 
to act as Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent 
of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus"] 
(C) 
Conditions attached to 
the 
consent 
of 
the 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Base Prospectus, specify any additional 
conditions to or any condition replacing those set 
15
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000.

--- Page 228 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
228 
Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus: 
out in the Base Prospectus. Where Authorised 
Offeror(s) have been designated herein, specify 
any condition] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, in 
respect of UK retail investors) an investment, 
where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor).
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common code: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) et address(es)] 
Name and address of the 
[entities/entity] which [has/have] 
a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of 
[its/their] commitment: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
description] 
[Common Depositary: 
[•]] 
Registrar: 
[Principal Registrar/Alternative Registrar - Specify] 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
[Applicable16 / Not applicable]  
16
Applicable only for Non-exempt Offer issues.

--- Page 229 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
229 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Offer Period: 
The period from [•] until [•] 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(Where an indication of the expected price cannot 
be given, add a description of the method of 
determining the price, pursuant to Article 17 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, and the process for its 
disclosure) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time 
limits 
for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Various categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
If the offer is being made 
simultaneously in the markets of 
two or more countries, and if 
tranche(s) are being reserved 
for certain countries, indication 
of any such tranche(s): 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants 
of the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin 
before 
notification 
is 
made: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 230 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
230 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 231 ---
Form of Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
231 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted completed and annexed to the Final Terms of the 
Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000]

--- Page 232 ---
Taxation 
232 
TAXATION 
The following summary sets out the tax regime that may be applicable in France to income derived 
from Notes held by Noteholders who do not hold shares in the Issuer. 
This summary is based on the tax legislation and interpretation thereof applicable in France on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to any changes, potentially with a retroactive 
effect.  
This summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a complete summary of the French 
tax consequences resulting from the subscription, acquisition, holding and/or disposal of the 
Notes. Investors are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to the consequences 
of an investment in the Notes. 
1. Taxation applicable to payments made outside France irrespective of the location of the 
Noteholders 
Payments of interest and assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will 
not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général 
des impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory 
(Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same 
Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative 
State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des 
impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of 
an applicable double tax treaty). 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and 
assimilated revenues on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they 
are paid or accrued to persons established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an 
account held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the 
“Deductibility Exclusion”). 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and assimilated revenues may be 
recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code 
général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and assimilated revenues may be 
subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des 
impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax 
residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 
219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years starting from 1 
January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a 
rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject 
to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 
A III of the French Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and assimilated 
revenues relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the 
Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the 
main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest 
and assimilated revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to 
the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 and BOI-INT-

--- Page 233 ---
Taxation 
233 
DG-20-50-20 no. 290, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having 
to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes if such Notes are: 
 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory, or pursuant to 
an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer 
document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and 
the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services 
provider or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, 
investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
2. Taxation applicable to French tax residents 
This summary is addressed to: 
 
individuals domiciled in France within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French Code général 
des impôts who will hold Notes as part of their personal assets and who are not and will not 
be engaged in stock exchange transactions in conditions similar to those that characterise 
the activity exercised by a person carrying out such transactions on a professional basis (the 
“French Individuals”); 
 
legal entities having their registered seat in France subject therein to corporate income tax 
under standard rules (the “French Legal Entities”) other than French Legal Entities which 
are subject to specific rules such as, without limitation, insurance companies, banks, financial 
institutions and non-for-profit organisations.  
2.1. French Individuals 
2.1.1. Interest and assimilated revenues 
2.1.1.1. Taxation at the time of payment 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, interest and assimilated 
revenues paid to French Individuals are subject to a withholding tax at a flat rate of 12.8% (the 
“12.8% WHT”). However, French Individuals belonging to a tax household whose reference 
taxable income for the penultimate year is less than €25,000 for single taxpayers, divorced or 
widowers and €50,000 for taxpayers subject to joint taxation may request to be exempt from this 
12.8% WHT under certain conditions. The 12.8% WHT is offset against the personal income tax 
(as set out in 2.1.1.2 below) in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. It is 
refunded if it exceeds the personal income tax due (Article 125 A I of the French Code général 
des impôts).  
In addition, where the paying agent is established in France, interest and assimilated revenues 
paid to French Individuals are also subject to social contributions at a global rate of 17.2% 
allocated as follows:

--- Page 234 ---
Taxation 
234 
 
general social contribution (contribution sociale généralisée) at the rate of 9.2% (Articles 
1600-0 D and 1600-0 E of the French Code général des impôts and Articles L. 136-7 et 
L. 136-8 du French Code de la sécurité sociale); 
 
contribution for the repayment of the social debt (contribution pour le remboursement de la 
dette sociale) at the rate of 0.5% (Articles 1600-0 H and 1600-0 J of the French Code général 
des impôts and Articles 16 and 19 of the Ordinance no. 96-50 dated 24 January1996 relating 
to the repayment of the social debt); and  
 
solidarity levy (prélèvement de solidarité) at the rate of 7.5% (Article 235 ter du French Code 
général des impôts). 
Furthermore, irrespective of the location of the tax domicile of the beneficiary, interest and 
assimilated revenues may be subject to the 75% withholding tax described in point 1 above where 
paid outside France in a Non-Cooperative State. 
2.1.1.2. Taxation during the year following the year of payment 
During the year following the year of payment, interest and assimilated revenues received by 
French Individuals are subject to personal income tax (after deduction of the 12.8% WHT) either 
at a flat rate of 12.8% (the “12.8% Flat Rate”) or, upon irrevocable option covering all income 
within the scope of the 12.8% Flat Rate, at progressive rates up to 45% (Article 200 A of the 
French Code général des impôts). In case of option for the progressive rates, the general social 
contribution (contribution sociale généralisée) is deductible up to 6.8% (out of 9.2%) from the 
taxable income of the year of its payment (Article 154 quinquies II of the French Code général 
des impôts). 
Furthermore, interest and assimilated revenues are included in the French Individuals’ reference 
taxable income that is subject to an exceptional contribution (the “Exceptional Contribution”) 
applying a rate of: 
 
3% on the portion of the reference taxable income (i) above €250,000 and below or equal to 
€500,000 for taxpayers who are single, widowed, separated or divorced and (ii) above 
€500,000 and below or equal to €1,000,000 for taxpayers who are subject to joint taxation; 
 
4% on the portion of the reference taxable income (i) above €500,000 for taxpayers who are 
single, widowed, separated or divorced and (ii) above €1,000,000 for taxpayers who are 
subject to joint taxation (Article 223 sexies of the French Code général des impôts). 
2.1.2. Capital gains 
Capital gains derived by French Individuals from the disposal of Notes are subject to:  
 
personal income tax either at the 12.8% Flat Rate or, upon irrevocable option covering all 
income within the scope of the 12.8% Flat Rate, at progressive rates up to 45% (Articles 150-
0 A and s., 158, 6 bis and 200 A of the French Code général des impôt); and 
 
social contributions (as described in points 2.1.1.1 and 2.1.1.2 above) at a global rate of 
17.2%. 
Capital gains are also included in the French Individuals’ reference taxable income that is subject 
to the Exceptional Contribution.

--- Page 235 ---
Taxation 
235 
Capital losses derived by French Individuals from the disposal of Notes are only deductible from 
capital gains of the same kind realised during the year of disposal or the next ten years (Article 
150-0 D 11 of the French Code général des impôts). 
2.2. French Legal Entities 
2.2.1. Interest and assimilated revenues 
Interest and assimilated revenues accrued by French Legal Entities are included in their taxable 
income subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate (i.e. 25% for fiscal years opened as 
from 1st January 2022) (Articles 209 and 219 of the French Code général des impôts).  
In addition, French Legal Entities having a turnover equal to or above €7,630,000 may, under 
certain conditions and subject to certain exceptions, be also liable to a social contribution at a rate 
of 3.3% (Article 235 ter ZC of the French Code général des impôts). 
Furthermore, irrespective of the location of the registered seat of the beneficiary, interest and 
assimilated revenues may be subject to the 75% withholding tax described in point 1 above where 
paid in a Non-Cooperative State. 
2.2.2. Capital gains 
Capital gains derived by French Legal Entities from the disposal of Notes are included in their 
taxable income and taxed as described in point 2.2.1 above. 
Under the general regime, capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes are deductible from 
taxable income. 
3. Taxation applicable to non-French tax residents 
This summary is addressed to:  
 
individuals who are neither domiciled in France within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French 
Code général des impôts (“Non-French Individuals”) nor domiciled in a Non-Cooperative 
State; 
 
legal entities which do not have their registered seat in France and do not act in France 
through a permanent establishment therein (“Non-French Legal Entities”) and which are not 
established in a Non-Cooperative State. 
3.1. Interest and assimilated revenues 
Irrespective of the location of the tax domicile or the registered seat of the beneficiary, interest 
and assimilated revenues may be subject to the 75% withholding tax described in point 1 above 
where paid in a Non-Cooperative State. 
No other withholding taxes should apply in France on interest and assimilated revenues received 
by Non-French Individuals and Non-French Legal Entities. 
3.2. Capital gains 
Capital gains derived by Non-French Individuals and Non-French Legal Entities from the disposal 
of Notes are not taxable in France (Article 244 bis C of the French Code général des impôts).

--- Page 236 ---
Subscription and Sale 
236 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 7 August 2023 entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers (as amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement"), the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer, at the time of such resale. The Notes may also be placed by 
the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for their expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers 
to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree(to the best of its knowledge and belief) that, except as permitted by the Amended and 
Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, 
by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the later of commencement of the offering and the date of closing 
of the offering of any identifiable Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by

--- Page 237 ---
Subscription and Sale 
237 
any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within 
the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") (each a "Member State") except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State at any time in circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
- the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and/or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
- the expression "offer" in relation to any Notes in any Member State means a communication to 
persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 as amended (the “EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 238 ---
Subscription and Sale 
238 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable" and in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a 
"Non-exempt Offer''), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that (i) the 
Issuer has given its written consent and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or

--- Page 239 ---
Subscription and Sale 
239 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
Offer to the public in France not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
An offer of Notes to the public in France which is not exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation and the distribution or causing to 
be distributed to the public in France of this Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to such an offer of Notes, will only be made in the period beginning 
on the date of approval of the Base Prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") 
in France, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus, all in accordance with Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and the Règlement général of the AMF, or 
(b) 
Offer to the public in France exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, nor may the Base 
Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the offer of Notes 
be distributed or caused to be distributed in France other than to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Japan
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the 
"Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, 
that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident in Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to "professional investors" 
as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong ( the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and

--- Page 240 ---
Subscription and Sale 
240 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes are not being 
offered or sold and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC, for such purposes, 
not including the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative 
Regions and Taiwan, except as permitted by the securities laws and regulations of the PRC.
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) 
of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six (6) months after that corporation 
or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the 
SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from 
an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 241 ---
Subscription and Sale 
241 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and 
the Dealers, in particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such 
modification or supplement will be set out in a Supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to 
the public of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be sold or resold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale or resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree) that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms 
and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer, sale, or delivery 
of the Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchase, offer, sale or delivery and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only 
be issued outside France. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 23-351 on 7 August 2023 from the AMF.
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer. Such approval shall not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
2. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated 
Market for twelve (12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 7 August 2024, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
3. 
No authorisation procedures are required of Électricité de France by French law for the 
update of the Programme. To the extent that Notes issued under the Programme 
constitute obligations under French law, the issue of such Notes shall be authorised in 
accordance with French law. A resolution of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) dated 16 December 2022 authorises the issue of Notes up to a maximum 
aggregate amount of €15 billion from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.  
4. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its fully 
consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or any of its fully consolidated subsidiaries. 
5. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 and there has been no significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and the Group since 
30 June 2023. 
6. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, no conflict of 
interest is identified between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) and the Chief Executive Officer (Président-Directeur Général) with 
respect of the Issuer and their private interest and other duties. 
7. 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems 
which are entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
8. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be also 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
9. 
The audited consolidated financial statements (comptes consolidés) of the Issuer and the 
audited annual financial statements (comptes sociaux) of the Issuer as of 31 December

--- Page 243 ---
243 
2021 and 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have 
been audited by Deloitte & Associés and KPMG S.A. The 2023 Half-Year Financial 
Statements have been subject to a review by KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit as set forth in the 2023 statutory auditors’ review report. Deloitte & Associés, KPMG 
S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are members of the Compagnie nationale des 
commissaires aux comptes. 
On 28 June 2023, the annual shareholder meeting of the Issuer decided to renew the 
mandate of KPMG S.A., as staturory auditor of the Issuer, and to appoint 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, as statutory auditor of the Issuer, in replacement of 
Deloitte & Associés, for a period of six financial years expiring at the end of the 
shareholder meeting of the Issuer which will approve the annual financial statements for 
the financial year ended on 31 December 2028. 
10. 
The Amended and Restated Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the following documents can be 
inspected on the website of the Issuer (/www.edf.fr/groupe-edf): 
(i) 
the up-to-date articles of association (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any 
other Regulated Market; and 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference or further Base 
Prospectus. 
11. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation manager(s)") (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the 
Stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
12. 
In addition, liquidity provider(s) may be appointed in connection with the issue of any 
Tranche, in which case the applicable Final Terms will include all relevant details 
regarding the entity(ies) which have a firm commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in 
secondary trading. 
13. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "€", "EUR", "Euro" and "euro" are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, those 
to "$", "USD", "U.S.$", "dollars", "U.S. dollars" and "United States dollars" are to the 
currency of the United States of America, those to "£", "GBP", "Sterling", "Pound 
Sterling" and "pounds" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to "¥", 
"Japanese yen" and "yen" are to the currency of Japan, and references to "Renminbi" 
or "RMB" are to the currency of the People’s Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan (the 
"PRC").

--- Page 244 ---
244 
14. 
Unless otherwise provided, all references in this Base Prospectus to a "day" shall be to a 
calendar day. 
15. 
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes, an indication of the 
expected yield on the Notes shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield 
shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes based on the Issue Price. The specified 
yield shall be calculated as being (i) with respect to Fixed Rate Notes, the yield to maturity 
on the Issue Date of the Notes or (ii) with respect to Resettable Notes, the yield to First 
Reset Date on the Issue Date of the Notes. The specified yieldshall not be an indication 
of future yields. 
16. 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes and, as from the First Reset Date, under 
Resettable Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR (as defined below). In this case, 
a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or in the FCA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
SOFR and SONIA are respectively provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
and the Bank of England. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York and the Bank of England do not currently fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and the UK BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation and of 
Article 2 of the UK BMR. 
The EURIBOR and CMS Rate are respectively provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”), with respect to EURIBOR, and by the ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (“ICE”), with respect to CMS Rate. The EMMI has been authorised as regulated 
benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the Benchmarks Regulation and 
appears on the public register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. ICE has been 
authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “UK BMR”) and appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (the “FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply until 31 
December 2025, such that the use of the CMS Rate will only be possible on the basis of 
the transitional provisions set out in Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation until 31 
December 2025 (subject to any further extension of the transitional provisions under 
Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
17. 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains 
certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the 
Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on 
exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that 
include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in 
the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only 
as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts 
or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
18. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 549300X3UK4GG3FNMO06. 
19. 
All or some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future 
engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued 
by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. They have or may (i) engage in investment banking, 
trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, 
financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in 
connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or any of its affiliates. In the context 
of these transactions, certain of such Dealers and their respective affiliates have or may 
hold shares or other securities issued by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Where there is a 
lending relationship between the Issuer and one or several Dealers, it cannot be excluded 
that all or part of the proceeds of any issue of Notes be used to repay or reimburse all or 
part of such loans.  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche 
of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
20. 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the 
information in such websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer hereby declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best 
of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Électricité de France 
22-30 avenue de Wagram
75008 Paris 
France 
Duly represented by M. Luc Rémont 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dated 7 August 2023 
 _________________________ 
M. Luc Rémont
Chief Executive Officer
Électricité de France
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having 
verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described 
in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to 
invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 7 August 2023 and is valid until 7 August 2024 
and shall, during this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new 
material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the 
following approval number: n°23-351.

--- Page 247 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Électricité de France 
22-30, avenue de Wagram 
75008 Paris
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis – CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 03 
France
Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services 
36, rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Associés
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908, Paris-la-Défense 
Cedex 
France 
(until 28 June 2023)
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
(as from 28 June 2023) 
KPMG S.A.
Tour Eqho 
2 Avenue Gambetta 
92 066 Paris La Défense 
Cédex 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer
To the Dealers
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP 
17, avenue Matignon 
CS 30027 
75008 Paris 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32, rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France