--- Page 1 ---
10236392091-v7 
- i -
70-41038919 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ELEKTA AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus comprises 
a base prospectus in compliance with Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The 
Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application 
will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued 
under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official 
List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has a BBB- rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The Notes to be issued under the 
Programme have been assigned a preliminary BBB- rating by S&P. S&P is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 24 March 2022) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.  The rating S&P has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation"). A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of publication, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
 
 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
 
DANSKE BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK AG 
 
SEB 
 
 
 
 
 
11 October 2022

--- Page 2 ---
10236392091-v7 
- ii -
70-41038919 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 1 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 5 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 21 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .................................................................................... 22 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 27 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 74 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 86 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 90 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 102 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 104 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 108

--- Page 3 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Elekta AB (publ) (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.   
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).  
All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (if applicable). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
ascertain and verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorized information 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or 
affiliates have independently verified any information contained in, nor authorized the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility or liability 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue 
and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, 
sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") " should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II" )is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to

--- Page 5 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about 
the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
2,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "SEK", "kr" or "krona" are to Swedish krona. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign a credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in 
a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes 
only and if appropriate, a new Drawdown Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
Elekta AB (publ) 
 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Dealers: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
International DAC, Danske Bank A/S, Standard Chartered Bank AG 
and Skandinavaska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and any other 
Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 8 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service. The margin (if any) relating to such 
floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United 
Kingdom Securities Laws". 
 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale - Other UK 
regulatory restrictions", and save that the minimum denomination of

--- Page 9 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public either in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under either the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation will be euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by Sweden as 
provided in Condition 12 (Taxation). In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Cross Default:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 13(c) (Events of Default). 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application will be made for Notes to be admitted during the period 
of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C, TEFRA D or TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Status: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
 
 
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rating: 
The Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by S&P.  
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 10 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith, will be governed by English law. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry in which it operates and the 
Notes summarized in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" are the risks that the Issuer believes 
to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the 
Notes. However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may 
not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks summarized 
in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" but also, among other things, the risks and uncertainties 
described below. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the 
Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors are divided into different categories where the risk factor that is judged to be most significant is 
presented first in each category, and then without a special ranking. If a risk factor can be categorized into more 
than one category, such a risk factor is presented only once but in the most relevant category for such a risk factor. 
The assessment of each risk factor is based on the probability of its occurrence and the extent of its expected 
adverse effects. 
Risks Related to the Issuer 
Market and macroeconomic risks 
The presence of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the "Group") in a large number of geographical markets means 
that the Group is exposed to political and economic risks both globally and in individual countries or regions. The 
Issuer's operations are divided into three different geographical regions: the Americas; Europe the Middle East 
and Africa ("EMEA"); and the Asia Pacific  region ("APAC"). In the financial year ended April 30, 2022 ("Fiscal 
Year 2021/22"), the Americas accounted for 30 percent of Issuer's total order intake, of which the United States 
alone represented 22.2 percent; EMEA accounted for 39 percent and APAC accounted for 31 percent, of which 
China alone represented 15.9 percent. Geopolitical unrest or regional or national events as a result of, for example, 
diplomatic crises, wars, regional and / or cross-border crises, natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics or strikes 
and other geopolitical events that particularly affect one or more of these regions may therefore lead to a significant 
impact on the demand for the Group's products, the availability and reliability of suppliers and third party contract 
manufacturers, the Group's ability to collect its account receivables on a timely basis and the availability of 
financing for acquisitions and working capital requirements.  
On February 24, 2022, Russia initiated an invasion of Ukraine. Geopolitical tension from the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine, together with the imposition of sanctions against certain companies and natural persons who are 
associated with the Russian government may have a material impact on the global economy and international 
financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Group operates. In the financial year ended April 30, 
2021 ("Fiscal Year 2020/21") and the first nine months of Fiscal Year 2021/22 (i.e. the period before the invasion 
of Ukraine) Group revenue in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine represented 2 percent. The war has had a negative 
impact on the Issuer’s European business in terms of orders, revenue and profitability. In the fourth quarter of 
Fiscal Year 2021/22, a provision of receivables amounting to SEK 18 M was booked, which at the end of the first 
quarter of 2022/23 was SEK 15 M. The Russian invasion of Ukraine could also materially affect supply chains 
due to raw material price increases, logistic costs and prolonged lead times. The Issuer has neither production nor 
tier 1 suppliers in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine but will continue to sell in these markets.  
Furthermore, the outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (which causes Covid-19 disease) has had 
and may continue to have an adverse effect on the global economy and international financial markets, and on the

--- Page 12 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
markets in which the Group operates. Following the effective roll out of vaccination programmes, parts of the 
world have begun to emerge from the pandemic and the restrictions on movement have been eased. However, the 
pace of recovery across the globe remains uneven, with some countries and regions continuing to implement 
restrictions on movement. This is evident in China, where the zero-Covid strategy continues to impact short-term 
market growth. The extent to which the macroeconomic factors and the ongoing pandemic may affect the Issuer 
is difficult to quantify, but according to the Issuer's assessment poses a risk in relation to the Issuer's operations 
and results. 
Price Increases and Inflation 
Various parts of the world, including markets in which the Group operates, are experiencing high levels of inflation 
driven in part by increases in energy prices resulting from the war in Ukraine and sanctions levied against certain 
companies and natural persons who are associated with the Russian government. The IMF World Economic 
Outlook (July 2022) provided that the Consumer Price Index measure of inflation was 8.6 percent in the euro area, 
9.1 percent in the UK and 9.1 percent in the U.S. The Issuer may be exposed to significant price increases for key 
raw materials or other production-related costs which it may not be able to pass on to customers. This would have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations.  
Risks Related to the Issuer's Operations and Strategy 
Development of new medical technology products 
The medical technology industry is characterized by rapid technological changes and continuous advances in 
industrial know-how, which results in companies continuously launching new products and improved treatment 
methods. Future technical development and continuous product development in the medical technology market 
may result in the Issuer's products becoming obsolete or otherwise affecting the Issuer's competitiveness. The 
Issuer's future success is therefore dependent on the Issuer's opportunities to adapt its products to external factors, 
diversify its product portfolio and develop new products with a competitive price that can meet demand from the 
changing market and effectively cure new diseases. The Issuer is reliant on close collaboration with clinicians in 
order to develop the new and improved treatment methods required to address clinicians' needs and ensure that the 
Issuer's products are not becoming obsolete. The requirement to adapt products to external factors, diversify 
product portfolios and develop new products requires the Issuer to continuously invest large amounts of capital in 
to the research and development of products. If the Issuer fails to meet market demand for new products and 
improved treatment methods, this could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's operations and results. 
Research and Development  
The development of new products and solutions can be very difficult and requires a high level of innovation. The 
development process for new products is often lengthy and requires a large amount of investment. Investment in 
research and development requires the Issuer to anticipate technological trends and customer needs and preferences. 
If the Issuer fails to anticipate technological trends or customer needs and preferences, or if the Issuer is unable to 
complete the development of its products and solutions in a cost-effective manner, it may limit the ability of the 
Issuer to introduce new products and solutions into the market or compete with competitors. 
There is a risk that the substantial investments made by the Issuer in the research and development of new products 
will not result in technical development or beneficial product development. Once developed, new products and 
solutions may not achieve the anticipated levels of success and the Issuer may not be able to recover such 
investments. 
Supply chain and dependency on suppliers for critical components 
The Issuer is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for the delivery of certain critical components and is also 
dependent on global suppliers for the timely delivery of components, which are primarily located in England and 
China. There is a risk that such suppliers may increase their prices or change their terms, or that delivery difficulties 
may occur due to, for example, fire, strike, bankruptcy or other circumstances attributable to a contracted supplier, 
or external factors such as pandemics and wars. The Issuer's ability to deliver in accordance with its commitments 
is therefore dependent on circumstances that are partly beyond the Issuer's control. If the Issuer is forced to replace 
a critical supplier, for example against the background of the supplier's bankruptcy, it could also lead to significant 
costs and work to find a new and suitable supplier. Failure by any of the Issuer's external suppliers to deliver 
necessary and critical components, on time or at all, would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
perform in accordance with its commitments. With that said, the Issuer’s largest supplier accounts for

--- Page 13 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
approximately 10% of total supply. The Issuer has also utilized air freight to ensure that delivery commitments are 
fulfilled on time. Continued use of air freight by the Issuer will result in elevated costs, which it may not be able 
to pass on to customers and may therefore impact on the Issuer's financial performance.  
Most of the Group's suppliers of direct materials do not operate in countries with known human rights issues. 
However, such exposure may be located further upstream in the Group's supply chain, where there could be a risk 
that workers experience excessive overtime, lack of freedom of association, experience forced labour or are not 
paid living wages. The existence of such issues could disrupt operations, significantly harm the Group's reputation 
and expose the Issuer to regulatory actions, fines and claims.  
The UK left the European Union (the "EU") on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). The continuing effects of Brexit are 
difficult to predict and there remains both short-term and long-term political and economic uncertainty around the 
departure that may have a negative impact on the UK economy and trade between the UK and the EU more 
generally. The impact of Brexit will depend in part on the nature of any future arrangements (or lack thereof) that 
are put in place between the UK and the EU. As a result of this, Brexit could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
supply of critical components. Furthermore, the UK could implement additional tariffs and taxes on the Issuer's 
goods. This could potentially reduce demand for the Group’s products which combined with the potential adverse 
changes in macroeconomic conditions in both the EU and the UK, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations or financial performance. 
Depending on adequate healthcare budget and reimbursement system 
The Issuer's opportunities to commercialise its products depend on factors beyond the Issuer's control, partly on 
the nationally dedicated budget for healthcare within the country, as well as the level of compensation that hospitals 
and clinics can receive for different types of treatments. These budgets and reimbursement systems vary greatly 
between different countries and Issuer's sales are therefore dependent on the existence of both public budgets for 
healthcare expenditure and sufficient reimbursement levels for private hospitals and clinics. 
Weak economic development and high central government debt may mean that government investment in 
healthcare is reduced or otherwise absent, and that private customers find it difficult to finance various types of 
treatment. The Issuer believes that the risk associated with the level of dedicated budget for healthcare within a 
country exists in relation to almost all healthcare systems globally, but that it is of particular importance in relation 
to more resource-poor emerging markets, such as parts of South America, Eastern Europe, Middle East, Africa, 
Asia and the Pacific. 
Changes in compensation systems related to healthcare products or the implementation of new rules may prevent 
or make it less financially attractive for the Issuer's customers to purchase the Issuer's products or services, which 
could have a negative impact on the Issuer's operations and order intake. There is a risk that sufficient 
compensation cannot be obtained for treatments where the Issuer's products are used, that approved compensation 
levels are not maintained or that the possible limitations of different payers result in a lower price or a limited 
demand for the Issuer's products. This risk is greatest in those countries where changes in compensation levels are 
recurring, such as in North America. 
Distribution risks 
The Issuer sells its products through a direct sales force and other external sales channels. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, 
sales by distributors accounted for 13 percent of the Issuer's net sales. In the markets where the Issuer is present 
through its own business units, the business units are responsible for marketing and sales to customers. In other 
markets, the Issuer collaborates with a network of agents and distributors. In addition to its direct sales force, the 
Issuer sells its products through external sales channels in several countries, the Issuer's continued success depends, 
among other things, on the Issuer's ability to continue to establish and maintain successful collaborations with its 
external sales channels. Variation in strategy, change of focus, competitive product offerings, potential 
shortcomings in agreements and changes in ownership or management of an agent or distributor may prevent the 
Issuer from marketing, implementing or supporting its products with such agents and distributors, which in turn 
may damage the Issuer's operations. If the Issuer does not succeed in maintaining and increasing sales from its 
direct sales force and its external sales channels, it could have a negative impact on the Issuer's operations, earnings 
and financial position.  
The sales and business practices of distributors working in external sales channels, their compliance with laws and 
regulations, and their reputations, of which the Issuer may not be aware, may affect the Group's business and its 
reputation. The healthcare sector is vulnerable to corruption and equipment manufacturers are particularly exposed

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
in this area, as they are selling in many compliance-challenged markets, with a growing need for access to 
equipment. Any failure to comply, or any allegations of a failure to comply with anti-corruption laws could 
significantly harm the Issuer's reputation, brand value, shareholder value and expose the Issuer to regulatory 
actions, fines and claims.  
Key people 
The Issuer's ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and management is important and is of great importance 
for the Group's future success. The Issuer's success is largely due to the ability to produce technologically advanced 
medical equipment, which requires highly qualified personnel such as engineers specialized in the medical 
technology field and product developers for both hardware and software, but also highly qualified personnel in 
management and other functions. Furthermore, the supply of such key competence in the medical technology area 
is limited, which may mean that the Issuer needs to increase its salaries and remuneration. The extent to which the 
Issuer's ability to attract qualified personnel can affect the Issuer is uncertain, however it may result in a loss of 
technological advantage and a disruption in the transfer of knowledge. This resulting in a risk of a negative impact 
on the Issuer's operations and results. 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
The Group's customers and other stakeholders have increasingly high and sophisticated expectations with regard 
to a variety environmental, social and governance matters. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Group to set 
sufficiently ambitious targets and subsequently meet such environmental, social and governance expectations 
could negatively impact the Issuer's reputation and brand value, resulting in a potential loss of business advantage. 
In order to meet expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, the Group may be 
required to implement new or modify existing policies, processes and procedures. To the extent that any new or 
modified policies, processes or procedures are difficult, time consuming or costly to implement, the Group's 
operating results may be negatively impacted.  
The Group's environmental compliance risks are mainly found in the supply chain and involve suppliers 
specialising in complex manufacturing processes, which occasionally could have adverse environmental impacts. 
The Group could be subject to claims by government authorities, individuals or third parties seeking damages for 
alleged environmental pollution or contamination caused by the Group's operations, facilities or products. Such 
matters could result in the Issuer incurring significant costs and have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial performance.  
Customer Satisfaction and product quality 
The Issuer's ability to timely and efficiently identify and respond to customer needs, demonstrate to customers the 
value proposition of new products and services and fully comply with internal quality assurance systems and 
processes is important to the Issuer's commercial success. If the Issuer fails to comply with internal quality 
assurance systems and processes, this may have a negative impact on the quality of the products provided by the 
Issuer and decrease the levels of customer satisfaction, which may negatively impact on the Issuer's operations 
and results. 
Competition 
The Issuer competes across a range of products and geographical markets. There has been an increase in vendor 
and customer consolidation, as well as a changing landscape within the medical imaging and informatics market. 
Consolidation amongst the Issuer's competitors could allow competitors to strengthen their market position, 
expand their product portfolio, increase their access to markets and provide competitors with access to greater 
financial, marketing and other resources. If competitors develop products, obtain regulatory approval and market 
products before the Issuer, the commercial opportunity for the Issuer's products may be reduced or eliminated. 
Any loss of commercial competitiveness by the Issuer, or an intensification of price competition by competitors, 
could have a negative impact on the Issuer's growth, results of operations and financial performance.  
Consolidation amongst the customer base of the Issuer may increase the Issuer's reliance on a small number of key 
customers. This could negatively impact the Issuer's bargaining position in respect of that customer. In addition, 
the loss of that customer's business could have a material impact on the business, results and financial performance 
of the Issuer. At current levels, no single customer accounts for more than 10% of the Issuer’s net sales.  
Financial Risks

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Liquidity and financing risk 
Liquidity and financing risk refers to the risk of not being able to cover payment commitments due to insufficient 
cash or other liquid funds, or difficulties in obtaining external financing. Access to financing is a prerequisite for 
the Issuer's operations. Access to financing is affected by, among other things, the Issuer's financial position, 
Issuer's credit rating and general conditions in the banking and capital markets. If the Issuer is unable to refinance 
its existing loans due to prevailing conditions in the banking and capital markets or for other reasons, it will have 
a negative impact on the Issuer's liquidity and financial position. The extent to which the liquidity and financing 
risk may affect the Issuer is uncertain, but constitutes a significant risk to the Issuer's ability to meet its payment 
obligations. 
Currency risk 
Due to its international operations and structure, the Issuer has significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. 
The Group's currency risks arise primarily from currency exposures in US dollars, euro, British pounds, Japanese 
yen and Chinese yuan. The Group's net revenue arises mainly in US dollars, euro and Japanese yen, while the 
Group's net expenses mostly arise in British pounds, euro and US dollars. Sales companies primarily have income 
and expenses in their functional currency, while other Group production companies are to a greater extent exposed 
to currency risk as sales largely take place in a currency other than the functional currency. Based on the income, 
expense and currency structure (transaction exposure) during Fiscal Year 2021/22, a general change of one 
percentage point in the SEK exchange rate against other currencies would affect the Group's net profit and equity 
by approximately SEK 25 M, excluding hedging effects. Thus, the Issuer is exposed to exchange rate movements 
in relation to SEK. The extent to which relative changes in exchange rates may affect the Issuer is uncertain, but 
future exchange rates may have a significant impact on the Issuer's operating profit, balance sheet and cash flows. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk refers to the risk that changes in interest rates will have a negative effect on the Issuer's earnings. 
The Issuer usually raises long-term loans at variable or fixed interest rates based on prevailing market conditions. 
The Issuer is therefore exposed to risks attributable to changes in market interest rates. Based on the structure of 
the balance sheet at the end of Fiscal Year 2021/22 and assuming that all other variables are constant, a general 
change in the interest rate on loans and investments by one percentage point would affect the Group's net profit 
and equity by SEK 4 M, excluding hedging effects. The effect on earnings is mainly attributable to lower / higher 
interest costs for variable-rate borrowing. On July 31, 2022, interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 5,699 M, 
of which SEK 1,058 M pertained to financial leasing. Changes in interest rates as a result of market changes or by 
reforming the setting of reference interest rates can have a significant impact on the Issuer's costs for financing, 
access to liquidity and position. 
Credit risks 
The Issuer is exposed in its day-to-day operations to credit risks based on transactions with counterparties in the 
form of customers, suppliers and financial players. The credit risk in a transaction consists of the risk that the 
counterparty will not fulfil its contractual obligations from a financial perspective. The Issuer's finance policy 
includes counterparty regulations in which the maximum credit exposure and the lowest credit rating for various 
counterparts are specified. The majority of subsidiary financing goes through internal loans from the Issuer, 
therefore there is a credit risk originating from these. The opening balance of expected credit losses in the Issuer 
Issuer amounted to SEK 27 M and the closing balance of expected credit loss reservation at the end of Fiscal Year 
2021/22 was SEK 21 M.  
Credit risk in accounts receivable, including accrued income, are managed primarily by the individual group 
companies. Accounts receivable constitute one of the most significant items in the balance sheet. At the end of 
Fiscal Year 2021/22, total accounts receivable amounted to SEK 3,647 M, including provisions for expected 
customer losses of SEK 98 M. There is a risk that the Issuer's customers will not have sufficient assets or will not 
be granted a loan and therefore cannot afford to pay for the Issuer's products. If customers do not fulfil their 
obligations and the Issuer fails to get paid for some of its receivables, it could have a significant negative impact 
on the Issuer's operations, earnings and financial position. 
The Issuer also has certain financial credit risks. Financial credit risks are defined as the risk of loss if 
counterparties with which the Issuer has invested cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank balances or financial 
instruments entered into do not meet their obligations. The exposure arises partly from the placement of excess 
liquidity, and partly through receivables from the bank that arise via derivative instruments. If the Issuer's

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
counterparty in such transactions does not fulfill its obligations and the Issuer fails to receive payment for its claim, 
it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Risks linked to the value of goodwill and other intangible assets 
Goodwill and other intangible assets constitute a significant part of the Issuer's total assets. As of April 30, 2022, 
goodwill amounted to SEK 6,499 M and represents a significant portion of the Issuer's total assets. There is a risk 
that circumstances that form the basis for the Issuer's valuations of its goodwill and intangible assets, such as e.g. 
market conditions, may change and that a write-down of goodwill and / or intangible assets may be required. Such 
a write-down could have a negative impact on the Issuer's earnings and financial position. 
 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Laws, regulations and regulatory approvals 
The Issuer's operations include operations in several different geographical markets around the world, which 
exposes the Group to a large number of laws, rules, policies and guidelines regarding, for example, health, safety 
and environmental issues, trade barriers, competition, currency control and product delivery. As a manufacturer 
of medical equipment, the Issuer's operations are governed by the requirements and standards set by regulatory 
authorities. Regulatory changes can increase the Issuer's costs and hinder the development of the Issuer's products. 
Regulatory processes in different countries involve a risk as these processes may delay the possibility of 
introducing products in these countries and may therefore have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability 
to generate revenue. 
The Issuer, like other companies in the same industry, is dependent on assessments and decisions by relevant 
authorities, such as the Medical Products Agency and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the USA and 
the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) in China. Such assessments include, for example, product 
safety and permits to market and sell medical equipment. Applications to such authorities require extensive 
documentation and unforeseen circumstances may delay the ability to introduce products, prevent or limit the 
commercial benefit and / or cause significant costs. In order to be certified or maintain certification for sales in 
Europe, the Issuer is also required to comply with the requirements for medical devices for safety and reliability 
in accordance with the EU Medical Device Regulation 2017/745. The Issuer's commercial success is dependent 
upon certification and approvals at local levels, therefore any delay, absence or revocation of an approval from an 
authority could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's operations and results. 
The Issuer must meet rigorous requirements from international rules and product safety standards. In the event 
that, for example, safety regulations were not complied with, this could result in delays and stopped deliveries of 
the Issuer's products and could therefore have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's operations and ability 
to generate revenue. 
Product liability 
The Issuer has product liability for its products and may be subject to litigation regarding alleged negligence, 
warranty breach, malpractice or other product liability that may give rise to extensive claims and attorney costs, 
regardless of whether the Issuer is ultimately held liable. The extent of the risk is difficult to predict (as of July 31, 
2022, the Issuer's short-term provisions amounted to SEK 142 M), but such costs could have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's earnings and financial position. Product liability is relevant throughout the world, but the exposure is 
higher in some countries, for example in the USA, where the levels of damages are generally high. The Issuer has 
insurance regarding product liability. However, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to maintain insurance 
coverage on acceptable terms. It is understood that insurance markets have hardened in recent years, particularly 
in the USA, with less risk appetite and increases in premia. There is also a risk that future claims will exceed or 
fall outside the Issuer's insurance coverage or that the Issuer's provisions for unforeseen costs will not be sufficient 
to cover final costs in connection with a claim. Such costs could have a negative impact on the Issuer's operations, 
earnings and financial position. 
Intellectual Property rights 
The Issuer continuously develops new products and technical solutions. In order to secure the income from these 
investments, it is crucial that new products and new technology are protected from illegal use by competitors. If 
possible and appropriate, The Issuer protects its intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights and

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
trademark registration. Furthermore, the Issuer is dependent on know-how and trade secrets that cannot be 
protected by intellectual property law. 
The Issuer's operations entail a risk that the Issuer's patents, other intangible assets or similar rights do not provide 
the Issuer with adequate protection or that the Issuer's rights cannot be upheld. There is also a risk that new products 
and new technology will be developed that circumvent or replace the Issuer's intellectual property rights or that 
the Issuer's competitors will develop corresponding know-how. In addition, third parties may bring infringements 
of intellectual property rights or institute legal proceedings that annul the Issuer's intellectual property rights. 
Should the Issuer be considered guilty of infringement, the Issuer may be forced to enter into a license agreement, 
pay damages or limit its product or service offering. Furthermore, there is a risk that companies within the Group 
will currently or in the future infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. Infringement proceedings 
are both costly and time consuming. As competition in the market increases, so does the risk of claims for damages 
linked to intellectual property rights. There is a risk that this could have a negative impact on Issuer's operations, 
earnings and financial position. 
Technology and Personal Data 
The Group's business operations depend on many advanced IT systems and solutions that need to be protected 
against damage and undue interference. In addition, the Group processes highly confidential personal and medical 
information, which must be protected in accordance with various data privacy and security laws and regulations 
worldwide. Strict data privacy laws regarding the collection, transmission, storage and use of employee data and 
end-users personally identifying information are evolving in the EU, the U.S., China and other jurisdictions in 
which the Group operate. Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) imposes compliance obligations for the 
collection, use, retention, security, processing, transfer and deletion of personally identifiable information of 
individuals and creates enhanced rights for individuals. Similar laws enacted with the aim of granting enhanced 
protection for individuals’ data exist in the U.S., such as the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability 
Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), in certain U.S. states, such as California, in China, such as the Personal Information 
Protection Law ("PIPL") which came into effect in November 2021, and in other jurisdictions where the Group 
has a presence. Compliance with such laws and regulations is costly and the legal and regulatory environments in 
the areas of customer and employee privacy, data security, and cross-border data flows are constantly changing. 
Compliance with changes in privacy, data protection and information security laws and standards may result in 
considerable unanticipated expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new 
operational processes. 
The Group's technical and organisational measures to comply with customer and employee privacy and secure 
customer and employee data may not be fully effective. A compromise of the Group's security controls which 
results in confidential information, personal data or medical information, including patient data, being accessed, 
obtained, damaged, leaked, destroyed or used by unauthorized or improper persons could disrupt operations, 
significantly harm the Group's reputation and expose the Group to regulatory actions, fines and claims.  
Cyber Security 
The IT infrastructure of the Group, websites and other public-facing media is susceptible to cyber security breaches, 
unauthorized access, leaks, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, ransomware or other data security 
issues. The Group may be exposed to cyber-attacks, which could result in certain of the Group's systems becoming 
unavailable, potentially for an extended duration. A cyber-attack may result in sensitive data regarding the Group, 
its customers, suppliers, employees and/or others being compromised. A cyber-attack could significantly impede 
the Group's operations and have a detrimental impact on the Group's reputation, operations and financial 
performance. The Group could also be exposed to legal claims or proceedings, regulatory actions, fines and claims 
under applicable privacy laws.  
Pension Risk 
Pension risk is the risk that there may be insufficient assets to meet the liabilities of the Issuer's defined benefit 
pension schemes. Most of the Issuer's pension commitments are met through ongoing payments to authorities or 
other independent organisations that administer the pension plans. The Issuer has defined benefit pension plans 
for certain employees in a few countries, namely Japan, Netherlands, Italy and Germany. As at April 30, 2022, 
total pension costs for the Group amounted to SEK 294 M, of which SEK 23 M relate to defined benefit pension 
plans.  
Risk Relating To The Notes

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
The Notes are structurally subordinated creditors to Group companies 
Parts of the Issuer's revenues come from various companies within the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent 
on other companies within the Group to be able to make payments under the Notes. In order for the Issuer to be 
able to fulfil payment obligations under the Notes, it is therefore required that Group companies have the 
opportunity to provide loans or pay dividends to the Issuer. No Group Company other than the Issuer will be liable 
for payment obligations under the Notes. The Issuer and other group companies will also have debts to other 
creditors. If a subsidiary of the Issuer becomes the subject of bankruptcy, its creditors will be entitled to full 
payment of their receivables before the Issuer, in its capacity as a direct or indirect shareholder of the subsidiary, 
is entitled to payment of any remaining funds. Such structural subordination entails a risk that creditors of the 
subsidiary will be paid before creditors of the Issuer and therefore the risk that Noteholders may not be repaid in 
full if there remains insufficient funds after payments have been made to the creditors of the subsidiary.  
The Issuer may provide security for other debt 
The Issuer is not prevented from providing security for new debt in the form of bank loans or other loans. Any 
secured creditors of the Issuer are entitled to payment from the collateral securing their claims before the 
Noteholders. The Noteholders have no security in the Issuer's assets and would thus be non-priority creditors in 
the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy, which entails a risk that they will not be paid for their receivables. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions.  
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the 
market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of 
the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although an application has been made to the Central 
Bank for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Modifications and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made to the 
interest calculation provisions of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders.

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than 
a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), 
however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the 
Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered 
Notes (together the "Global Notes") (as the case may be). Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Note. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Certain benchmark rates, including CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR may be discontinued or 
reformed in the future. 
The Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), Norwegian 
Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR"), Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR") and other interest rates or 
other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, 
any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on September 21 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On September 13 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first 
time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of 
the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), or result 
in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to 
potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain 
circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from the 
possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption 
of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank offered rates 
in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, 
secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-
free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled 
for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) or 
€STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates 
and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin, shall be deemed to 
be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of 
the Issuer in respect of the years ended April 30, 2021 and 2022 (set out on pages 104 to 151 and 104 to 
151, respectively, of the 2020/21 and 2021/22 annual reports of the Issuer);  
2. 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the three months ended 
July 31, 2022 (set out on pages 9 to 13 of the Elekta Interim Report, May-July 2022). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus 
may 
be 
inspected, 
free 
of 
charge, 
at 
https://annualreport2020-
21.elekta.com/pdf/Elekta_Annual_Report_2020_21.pdf, 
https://ir.elekta.com/files/mfn/248c21db-04f4-4b7d-
a4c2-7eed63837845/elekta-annual-report-2021-22-en.pdf 
and 
https://ir.elekta.com/files/mfn/dd74f179-cdaf-
4c2e-a3cf-c61a391e1cde/elekta-q1-report-22-23.pdf. Any information contained in or incorporated by reference 
in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either 
not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
Certain financial measures presented by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with 
IFRS accounting standards. However, the Issuer believes that these alternative performance measures provide 
useful supplementary information to both investors and the Issuer’s management, as they facilitate the evaluation 
of the Issuer’s performance. It is to be noted that since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the 
same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies (even if similarly 
labelled). Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according 
to IFRS. The list below presents alternative performance measures to the extent that such information is not defined 
according to IFRS and not included in the Issuer’s financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, although they may be extracted from the Issuer’s latest annual report where appropriate.  
 
Financial Measure 
Definition 
Rationale for Inclusion 
Adjusted EBIT 
Operating Income (excluding 
items affecting comparability 
(personnel related costs and other 
costs)) 
A measure of tracking the 
underlying operational 
performance    
Adjusted EBIT margin  
Operating Income (excluding 
items affecting comparability 
(personnel related costs and other 
costs)) as a percentage of Net 
Sales  
A measure of profitability  
Adjusted gross margin  
Adjusted gross income / Net sales 
A measure of tracking the 
underlying operational 
performance (excluding items 
affecting comparability)  
Adjusted gross income  
Gross income less items affecting 
comparability (personnel related 
costs and other costs) 
A measure of tracking the 
underlying operational 
performance (excluding items 
affecting comparability)   
EBIT 
Operating Income  
A measure of profitability  
EBITDA 
Operating Income, plus 
depreciation and amortization 
A measure of profitability 
Net Debt 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
(excluding lease liabilities) less 
cash and cash equivalents. 
A measure tracking the financial 
stability of the Issuer 
Operational Cash conversion  
Cash flow from operating 
activities in relation to EBITDA 
A measure of tracking the 
underlying operational 
performance    
Net Working Capital  
Working capital assets, less 
working capital liabilities   
A measure of profitability 
Net Working Capital as 
percentage of 12 month rolling 
Net Sales 
Net Working Capital as a 
percentage of 12 month rolling 
Net Sales  
A measure of profitability

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Reconciliation Tables 
Adjusted gross margin 
SEK M 
Q1 
12 Months 
2022/23 
2021/22 
RTM  
July 31, 2022 
2021/22  
Net Sales  
3,327  
3,009  
14,865  
14,548  
Cost of products sold 
-2,039 
-1,894 
-9,256 
-9,111 
Gross Income 
1,288 
1,115 
5,609 
5,436 
Items affecting comparability  
7 
0 
7 
0 
Adjusted gross income 
1,295 
1,115 
5,616 
5,436 
Adjusted gross margin 
38.9% 
37.1% 
37.8% 
37.4% 
 
EBIT 
SEK M 
2017/18 
2018/19 
2019/20 
2020/21 
2021/22 
Operating Income 
(EBIT) 
1,845 
1,696 
1,657 
1,906 
1,643 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
SEK M 
2017/18 
2018/19 
2019/20 
2020/21 
2021/22 
Q1 
2022/23 
Operating Income 
(EBIT) 
1,845 
1,696 
1,657 
1,906 
1,643 
117 
Items affecting 
comparability  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Personnel related 
costs 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
14 
Other costs 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Adjusted EBIT  
1,845  
1,696  
1,657  
1,906  
1,643 
132 
 
Adjusted EBIT margin 
SEK M 
2017/18 
2018/19 
2019/20 
2020/21 
2021/22 
Q1  
2022/23 
Adjusted EBIT 
1,845 
1,696 
1,657 
1,906 
1,643 
132 
Net Sales 
11,573 
13,555 
14,601 
13,763 
14,548 
3,327

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
margin 
15.9% 
12.5% 
11.3% 
13.9% 
11.3% 
4.0 
 
EBITDA 
SEK M 
Q1 2021/22 
Q2 2021/22 
Q3 2021/202 
Q4 2021/22 
Q1 2022/23 
Operating 
Income/EBIT 
201  
533  
340  
570  
117 
Amortizing Intagible 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Capitalized 
Development 
Costs  
149 
113 
113 
119 
113 
- 
Assets 
relating 
business 
combination  
29 
29 
32 
33 
35 
Depreciation tangible 
assets  
100 
105 
106 
112 
114 
EBITDA  
479 
780 
591 
833 
379 
 
SEK M 
2020/21 
2021/22 
Operating 
Income/EBIT 
1,906 
1,643  
Amortizing Intagible 
Assets: 
 
 
- 
Capitalized 
Development 
Costs  
685 
493 
- 
Assets 
relating 
business 
combination  
118 
123 
Depreciation tangible 
assets  
401 
422 
EBITDA  
3,110 
2,682 
 
 
Net Debt 
SEK M 
2017/18 
2018/19 
2019/20 
2020/21 
2021/22

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Long-term interest-
bearing liabilities 
4,369 
3,558 
7,101 
3,043 
4,099 
Short-term interest-
bearing liabilities 
975 
1,000 
1,001 
2,141 
510 
Cash and cash-
equivalents and short-
term investments 
-4,541 
-4,119 
-6,470 
-4,411 
-3,077 
Net Debt 
803 
439 
1,632 
774 
1,532 
 
Operational Cash Conversion 
SEK M 
Q1 2021/22 
Q2 2021/22  
Q3 2021/22  
Q4 2021/22  
Q1 2022/23  
Cash flow from 
operating activities 
-81 
325 
573 
1,040 
-198 
EBITDA 
479 
780 
591 
833 
379 
Operational cash 
conversion 
-17% 
42% 
97% 
125% 
-52% 
 
Net Working Capital  
SEK M 
April 30 2021 
July 31 
2021  
April 30 
2022  
July 31 2022 
Working capital assets 
Inventories 
2,283 
2,487 
2,533 
2,990 
Accounts Receivable 
3,281 
2,903 
3,647 
3,275 
Accrued income 
1,772 
1,923 
1,796 
1,850 
Other operating receivables 
1,116 
1,191 
1,459 
1,519 
Sum working capital assets 
8,451 
8,504 
9,435 
9,634 
Working capital liabilities 
Accounts payable 
1,016 
1,145 
1,352 
1,280 
Advances from customers 
3,759 
3,712 
4,161 
4,392 
Prepaid income 
2,082 
2,021 
2,342 
2,373 
Accrued expenses 
1,837 
1,550 
1,901 
1,606 
Short-term provisions 
 
174 
159 
149 
142 
Other current liabilities 
559 
406 
429 
367

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Sum working capital liabilities 
9,428 
8,993 
10,333 
10,159 
Net working capital  
-977 
-489 
-898 
-525 
%  of rolling 12 months net sales 
-7% 
-4% 
-6% 
-4% 
 
Net Sales 
SEK M 
Q1 2021/22 
Q2 2021/22  
Q3 2021/22  
Q4 2021/22  
Q1 2022/23  
Net Sales 
3,009 
3,697 
3,602 
4,239 
3,327

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), will be represented by either individual note 
certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a "Global 
Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market 
participants and that notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would 
be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations"

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal 
and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for notes to be held in NSS 
form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt 
securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 
2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will 
be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will 
at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the "Global Registered 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable.  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which 
are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Elekta AB (publ) (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
"Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 11 October 
2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), 
the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them.  
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 11 October 2022 (the 
"Deed of Covenant"). 
(e) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant 
are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each 
of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms, 
any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New 
York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate administered by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS (or any other person which takes over administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for Danish kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel 
of contributor banks; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining 
the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and with 
a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the relevant Reference Period, EBIT after adding back depreciation and 
amortisation of the Group (without double counting) for that Reference Period; 
"EBIT" means earnings before interest and taxes for the relevant Reference Period, adjusted by: 
(a) 
including the earnings before interest and taxes of a member of the Group (or attributable to a 
business or assets) acquired during that Reference Period for that part of the Reference Period 
prior to its becoming a member of the Group or (as the case may be) prior to the acquisition of 
the business or assets; and 
(b) 
excluding the earnings before interest and taxes attributable to any member of the Group (or to 
any business or assets) disposed of during that Reference Period for that part of the Reference 
Period following such disposal; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of euro and any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as 
the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European 
Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 
15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of 
redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at 
such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination 
and Title - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 
3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title – Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 120 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes 
are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, a member of the Group: 
(a) 
which is a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total revenue and/or gross assets and/or EBITDA 
(consolidated where that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries) represents not less than ten per cent. 
(10%) of the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets and/or EBITDA, as applicable, of the 
Group as determined at any time by reference to the then most recent audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all the assets of another Subsidiary of the 
Issuer which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets 
of the Issuer such that the receiving Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the 
transfer occurred on or before the date of the most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but shall 
never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination 
and Title - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 
3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title - Title to Registered Notes); 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance companies and financial institutions, Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a 
number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic 
NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness (or any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness): 
(a) 
of any Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
the obligations in respect of which are assumed by the Issuer as obligor (or, as the case may be, 
as guarantor or indemnifier) pursuant to a merger between the Issuer and a third party which had 
incurred the Relevant Indebtedness (or guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant 
Indebtedness) prior to the merger, 
so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a 
Subsidiary of, or merged with, the Issuer, was not created in contemplation of such entity becoming a 
Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer and the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness (or any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) so secured was not increased in 
contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other 
than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event under Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further 
Alternative Rate; 
"Reference Period" means the period of 12 (twelve) months ending on April 30 in each year;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is intended to be, 
or directly capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market);  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rats can be obtained from the designated distributor);

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Issuer, Registrar or (as the case 
may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax, governmental charge or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
4. 
Status  
Status of the Notes:  The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which 
will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and, subject to these Conditions, at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply to Notes 
which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The 
relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the 
relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, 
such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Adjustment of Interest Rate: If this Condition 6(e) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
the Rate of Interest will initially be the Initial Rate of Interest. The Initial Rate of Interest payable on the 
Notes will be subject to adjustment in the event of a Step Up Event and any subsequent Step Down Event 
(each such adjustment a "Rate Adjustment"). Any Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following the date of the relevant Step Up Event or the relevant 
Step Down Event (and the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount shall be adjusted accordingly). 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. In the event 
that a Step Down Event occurs after the date of a Step Up Event (or on the same date but subsequent

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
thereto) then for any Interest Period commencing on the first Interest Period following the occurrence of 
such Step Down Event, the Rate of Interest shall revert to the Initial Rate of Interest. 
The Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event to be notified to the Fiscal Agent 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as possible after the 
occurrence of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event but in no event later than the tenth Business Day 
thereafter. 
For so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain a 
Rating from the Rating Agency. In the event that the Rating Agency fails to or ceases to assign a Rating, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a Rating from a substitute Rating Agency and references 
in these conditions to S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited as the case may be, or the ratings thereof, shall 
be to such substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, the equivalent Ratings thereof. In the event 
that such a rating is not obtained from a substitute Rating Agency within 90 days, then, for the purposes 
of the foregoing adjustments to the Rate of Interest, the Ratings assigned by the remaining Rating Agency 
shall be deemed also to be the Ratings assigned by the other Rating Agency. 
Where: 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest initially 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating" means the rating of the Notes, failing which, the rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-
term debt. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and its successors or any of its affiliates, 
and/or any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders and the 
Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Rating Decrease" means a decrease in the Rating to below the Specified Threshold with the exception 
of a Rating Event as defined in Condition 9(g) (Change of Control Put Option). 
"Specified Threshold" means BBB- or the equivalent. 
"Step Down Event" means where the Rate of Interest has previously been subject to an increase as a 
result of a Step Up Event due to (i) the first public announcement by the Rating Agency of a Rating 
Decrease, the first public announcement by such Rating Agency that it has assigned a Rating equal to or 
higher than the Specified Threshold, or (ii) the failure to assign or withdrawal of a Rating by each Rating 
Agencies, the reinstatement of a Rating by the Rating Agency equal to or higher than the Specified 
Threshold. 
"Step Up Event" means (i) the first public announcement by the Rating Agency of a Rating Decrease, or 
(ii) the failure to assign or withdrawal of a Rating by the Rating Agency. 
"Step Up Margin" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
(f) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or 
any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as shall be provided 
by the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time,

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(d) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
ܱܵܰܫܣ݅ x ݊݅
D
൰
݀݋
݅= 1
−1቏x 
D
݀
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable).

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published 
by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days 
on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A).

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(d), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 7(e). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, 
the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by 
the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 7(e)(iv) below will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ ݔ ݊௜
ܦ
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ ݔ ܦ
݀ 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(e)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that 
if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(e)(iv) above 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 7(e); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ ×  ݊௜
D
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× D
݀ 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as 
otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such 
TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day 
in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any Rate 
of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(f)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of 
such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7(f)(ii)(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(ܥ݋݉݌݋ݑ݊݀݁݀ ܫ݊݀݁ݔ ܧ݊݀
ܥ݋݉݌݋ݑ݊݀݁݀ ܫ݊݀݁ݔ ܵݐܽݎݐ−1) ܺ ܰݑ݉݁ݎܽݐ݋ݎ
݀
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index 
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall be 
five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 (London 
time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New York time) 
by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either 
on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e), as 
applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for 
the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be 
the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions of 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) shall apply. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination.  
(k) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(l) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during 
which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 7(d) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(e) (Interest – Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(g) (Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR 
Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the 
date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to 
the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(m) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains 
to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(i)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 7(m)(iii)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m)) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense 
which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(m)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant 
Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(m) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor 
Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(m)(i)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(m)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal 
Agent may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(m)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(m)(iv) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(m) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(m); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to implement the 
relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(m): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(m) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Sweden or any political or governmental subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws, treaties or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it (it is acknowledged that changing the resident jurisdiction of the Issuer shall not be 
considered a reasonable measure), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognized 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as 
is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one 
or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, to the Par Redemption Date) on 
such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as 
determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) 
the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported 
in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity 
(or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) 
the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent,  
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs 
on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make Whole 
Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears 
to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call:  If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and 
if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make 
Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. (or such other amount 
as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally 
issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues) and 
consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued) 
(the "Clean-up Call Threshold"), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining 
outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
9(e), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the Clean-up 
Call Threshold. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained 
in this Condition 9(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), 
deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with 
which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall 
hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 9(g) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Event 
in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having 
been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), or  
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the 
Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency on or before the last day of the Change of Control Period, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control 
Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) or (c) to require the Issuer to redeem or, 
at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or some of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption 
Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
Where: 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or any persons acting in concert, 
other than a holding company whose shareholders are or are to be substantially the same as the pre-existing 
shareholders of the Issuer becomes interested (within the meaning of Chapter 1, Section 11 of Swedish 
Companies Act) in (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the Issuer 
or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable on a poll vote at a general meeting of the Issuer. 
A "Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within the 
Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the 
Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to 
an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the 
case of (z)) by such Rating Agency, provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating 
announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing 
that the lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole 
or in part, of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall 
have occurred at the time of the Rating Event). If on the Relevant Announcement Date (as defined below) 
the Issuer or the Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is 
an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf of the Issuer or any bidder 
or any designated advisor, of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date (such 90th 
day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the 
Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Event in respect of its rating of the Issuer, or the Notes if a Rating 
Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the 
Issuer or the Notes under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the 
relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement,

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public 
announcement by such Rating Agency.  
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific and near-
term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential Change of Control is 
reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder or any 
such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 180 days of the date of such announcement of 
statement).  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances 
giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this 
Condition 9(g).  
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of Control 
Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the "Change of 
Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given together with a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a 
"Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(g). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the 
option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put 
Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Optional Redemption Date"). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price and such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased 
together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
(k) 
Cancellation:  All Notes redeemed by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons or 
unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled. Upon any such cancellation,

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
the principal amount of such Notes surrendered for cancellation shall be extinguished as of the date of 
such cancellation, together with accrued interest, unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons, and no 
further payment shall be made or required to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(e) (Clean-up Call) Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) or 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such 
payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in the 
City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such 
payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in the 
City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due 
date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
(f) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(g) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Sweden or any political subdivision therein or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, subject as 
provided below, pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable:   
(i) 
in respect of any Note or Coupon held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.  
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than (or in 
addition to) Sweden, references in these Conditions to Sweden shall be construed as references to Sweden 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of seven days, or the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes when due and such failure continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written 
notice thereof (addressed to the Issuer) by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;  
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the 
option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided that 
no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; 
or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in 
the aggregate amounts to at least EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
or  
(d) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, with respect to the undertaking, assets and revenues with an aggregate amount greater than 
EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(e) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against the whole or a substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries (provided that such property, assets or revenues have an aggregate value 
exceeding EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency) and is not discharged or stayed within 
30 days or, if legal proceedings are initiated within that time period for the purposes of discharge, 60 days 
or any such longer period as may be permitted by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be) in respect of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment 
or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect 
of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up etc:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of Sweden has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes, then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to 
the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right, at any time, to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents and/or transfer agents; provided, however, that for so long as any 
Notes are outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.  
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it 
is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  If the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com), if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes or the Coupons, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange 
used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase 
the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in 
part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other 
courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Elekta Limited at Cornerstone, London Road, Crawley, West Sussex RH10 9BL, United Kingdomor 
to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales 
as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 76 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 74 -
70-41038919 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 [[(2020 Revised 
Edition)]/[of Singapore]/[, as modified or amended from time to time]] (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes 
are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 77 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 75 -
70-41038919 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Elekta AB (publ) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 54930044O54BK617EP80 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 October 2022 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
[(i)] Issuer: 
Elekta AB (publ) 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 78 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 76 -
70-41038919 
 
 
 
[•][•] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]
+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•]/[100]  per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11.  
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify 
there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The placeholder here 
should reflect the name ascribed to any "event risk" put in 
the Conditions)  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
[See paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13.   
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
OR 
 
[Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[relevant Business Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)") 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
 
(vi) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the amount of 
interest payable for any Rate 
[The [Fiscal Agent][Principal Paying Agent]/other] shall be 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 79 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 77 -
70-41038919 
 
Adjustment under Condition 
6(e): ] 
 
(vii) Ratings Step-up/Step down in 
accordance with Condition 
6(e): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[- Step-Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
 
(viii)  Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 
10 
(g) 
(Unmatured 
Coupons 
void) 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
€STR/SONIA compounded Index/SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period 
or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with 
the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 80 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 78 -
70-41038919 
 
 
 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place) 
 
 
Relevant 
Number 
of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the 
Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period]/ 
(select where Interest Determination Date has the meaning 
specified in Condition 7(d), 7(e) or 7(f)) [•] [London 
Banking Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 79 -
70-41038919 
 
 
(x) [Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] / 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [•] per 
cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
 
 
16.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)  / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount[/Make Whole Redemption 
Price]  
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [ 
]/[in the period from and including [date]] 
 
 
[(iii) Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(c) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d)  Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 82 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 80 -
70-41038919 
 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[•] 
18.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[•] 
19.  
Change of Control Put Option/ Put 
Event]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  (A Change of Control Put 
option is contained in Condition 9(f)) [If another type of Put 
Event is included in the Conditions, this placeholder should 
reflect the name ascribed to such "Event Risk" put] 
 
 
[(i) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
[(ii) Put Period 
[•] 
20.  
[Clean-up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[•]] 
 
(iii) Notice Period (if different from 
the Coniditions)   
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days’] / [Not Applicable 
– in line with Condition 9(e)] 
21.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) (Tax) 
per Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
Notice Period (if different from the 
Conditions): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days’] / [Not Applicable 
– in line with Condition 9(b)]

--- Page 83 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 81 -
70-41038919 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23.  
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]]  
 
 
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice]] 
[[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [  ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]]   
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[OPTION (CONSIDER INCLUDING WHERE IT IS 
CONTEMPLATED THAT CERTIFICATES MAY BE 
HELD 
UNDER 
THE 
NEW 
SAFEKEEPING 
STRUCTURE)]  
 
 
[[and]] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure).]]  
 
 
[END OF OPTION] 
24.  
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No][/[Not Applicable]] 
25.  
Additional Financial Centre(s)  or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) relates] 
 
26.  
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Elekta AB (publ): 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 84 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 82 -
70-41038919 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market, third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[  ] 
 
2.
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated 
BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited] 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). S&P appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. The rating 
S&P has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]  
 
 
 
 
 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that 
is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently

--- Page 85 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 83 -
70-41038919 
 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
 
 
 
 
 
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
OPTION – EU 
 
 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
OPTION – UK  
 
 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA 
pursuant to [Article 36] (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the

--- Page 86 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 84 -
70-41038919 
 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of UK Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the UK, recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
END OF OPTION 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
 
 
 
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 87 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 85 -
70-41038919 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; In the case 
of Bearer Notes) –[TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v)  [Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
 
(vi)  [Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ]  [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base 
Prospectus"/Give details] [If reasons differ 
from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ]

--- Page 88 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 86 -
70-41038919 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing purposes of the Issuer.   
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 87 -
70-41038919 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a classic global 
note (“CGN”), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, 
as the case may be, that common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 90 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 88 -
70-41038919 
 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or a Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option:  In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Change of Control Put Option) 
the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal 
Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such 
notices, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).  
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all

--- Page 91 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 89 -
70-41038919 
 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 92 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 90 -
70-41038919 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
Elekta is a global medical technology group that develops and sells equipment and software used to improve, 
prolong and save the lives of people who have cancer or diseases of the brain. The Group's advanced and 
efficient solutions are developed in collaboration with its customers and Elekta has approximately 6,900 
installed systems worldwide, of which more than 5,000 are linear accelerators ("Linacs"), magnetic 
resonance guided linear accelerators ("MR-Linacs") or Leksell Gamma Knife systems. The Issuer's 
treatment solutions and oncology information systems are designed to create cost-effective workflows and 
to drive continuous improvement in radiation therapy, radiation surgery and brachytherapy (cancer 
treatment based on internal radiation). In the first quarter of the fiscal year ending April 30, 2023, Elekta 
had an average number of 4,723 employees. Elekta operates a global business with sales in over 120 
countries through 40 local offices and a network of distributors. Over 2 million patients are treated with an 
Elekta treatment solution every year. Elekta is headquartered in Stockholm and listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
Elekta was founded in 1972 by neurosurgeon Lars Leskell and his son Laurent Leksell, following Lars' 
development of the Gamma Knife® radiosurgery system. Gamma Knife offers a type of treatment called 
stereotactic radiosurgery, an innovative from of non-invasive surgery which utilises highly focused 
radiation to treat brain tumors, as well as vascular and functional disorders in the brain without harming 
surrounding healthy tissue. In March 1994, Elekta's shares were admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm.   
In addition to Elekta's development of innovative treatment solutions such as the Gamma Knife, Elekta has 
continued to look for ways to grow and to expand its operations in radiotherapy, medical software and 
brachytherapy. This expansion has been assisted by acquisitions, including:  
 
the development of its linear accelerator capabilities via the acquisition of: 
o 
Medical Intelligence Medizintechnik GmbH in 2005, a German company specialising in 
the positioning of patients during treatments, which resulted in Elekta Axesse, a highly 
accurate linear accelerator for stereotactic radiotherapy; and 
o 
Radon Ltda. Group in 2012, the leading linear accelerator service company in Brazil, 
increasing Elekta's customer base in Brazil by 25 percent. 
 
 
the development of its radiation therapy capabilities via the acquisition of: 
o 
the Phillips Radiation Therapy Division in 1997, enabling Elekta to utilise Phillips' linear 
accelerator technology and expand from brain specific radiosurgery, to broad-based 
radiation therapy for the entire body;  
o 
the largest shareholding in Beijing Medical Equipment in 2006, China’s biggest supplier 
of radiation therapy systems;  
o 
Resonant Medical Inc. in 2010, a developer of image guided radiation therapy for soft 
tissues using the latest generation, 3-D ultrasound technology; 
o 
Nucletron in 2011, a Netherlands-based provider of brachytherapy treatment planning 
and delivery;  
o 
RTA in 2015, a leading distributor from Poland specialising in radiation therapy 
technologies; and 
 
 
the development of its medical software and technology capabilities via the acquisition of: 
o 
IMPAC in 2005, a California-based oncology management software company which 
enabled Elekta to expand into the medical software industry;  
o 
3D Line Medical Systems S.r.l. in 2007, an Italian company that developed treatment 
planning systems for stereotactic radiation therapy and intensity-modulated radiation 
therapy;  
o 
CMS in 2008, a Missouri-based developer of radiation treatment planning software;  
o 
ProKnow Systems, LLC in 2019, a provider of cloud-based, treatment planning analytics; 
and

--- Page 93 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 91 -
70-41038919 
 
o 
Kaiku Health in 2020, a Finnish company known for its app that monitors patient-
reported outcomes, providing intelligent symptom tracking and management for 
healthcare providers in routine oncology care and studies. 
ELEKTA'S BUSINESS   
Market overview 
Elekta operates in a heavily regulated and quality-controlled market which requires compliance with 
rigorous quality, safety and regulatory requirements. Elekta's market analysis estimates that the market for 
radiotherapy and related oncology informatics software is worth more than USD 7 billion globally. Elekta 
has a strong global market position, with Elekta's own market research indicating that Elekta hold an overall 
market share of 42 percent (based on Elekta's order intake of Linacs, MR-Linacs and Leskell Gamma Knife 
systems in Fiscal Year 2021/22). As a central partner for hospitals and cancer clinics, Elekta aims to focus 
on how treatment and information systems can create the greatest possible value.  
Business lines 
Elekta’s business model is to develop, manufacture and market innovative solutions for precision radiation 
therapy, as well as to provide services and support for the installed base. 
Elekta's business consists of two business offerings; i) treatment solutions and ii) services. Elekta's 
treatment solutions consists of four business lines; Oncology Informatics Solutions, Linac Solutions, 
Brachy Solutions and Neuro Solutions. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, treatment solutions accounted for 60 percent 
of Elekta's total sales, whilst global services accounted for 40 per cent of Elekta's total sales. Elekta’s sales 
take place primarily through its own sales organisation and through a global network of distributors.  
Elekta’s revenue comes from the sale of devices, software and services. Many of Elekta’s products and 
services are sold independently, while others are part of so-called compound contracts, where equipment, 
software and services are covered by a single customer agreement. Revenue for each component in the 
contract (performance obligation) is recognized when the control is transferred to the customer. Revenue 
recognition depends on management’s assessments of the contract terms that govern when the control for 
each component passes to the buyer. Devices are installed in accordance with the installation date agreed 
with the customer and it is usually at this time that the revenue for the device is reported. After technical 
approval has been received from the customer, the remaining part of the revenue is reported attributable to 
software and installation. The transaction price, taking discounts into account, is allocated among the 
various performance commitments in the contract based on estimated stand-alone sales prices for the goods 
and services in the contract identified as performance commitments.  
In respect of Elekta's global services, between the financial year ending April 30, 2019 ("Fiscal Year 
2018/19") and Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta increased the total number of installed Linacs, MR-Linacs and 
Leskell Gamma Knife systems from 4,250 to 5,000, achieving a compounded average growth rate of 5.6 
per cent of the installed base. Elekta also increased its total service revenue from SEK 5,161 M in Fiscal 
Year 2018/19 to SEK 5,896 M in Fiscal Year 2021/22.  In respect of Elekta's software solutions, Elekta 
receives a recurring revenue from a broad portfolio of software solutions, including software licences of 
Oncology Informatics Systems and Treatment Planning Systems through its MOSAIQ Plaza as well as 
Elekta Care maintenance support services. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, software accounted for 25 percent of 
Elekta's total net sales.  
Oncology information and treatment solutions 
Elekta has provided oncology information systems for 25 years. Today, the oncology information system 
MOSAIQ enables physicians to make informed decisions for all types of cancers. MOSAIQ is an Oncology 
Information System where patient information is collected, providing data from diagnosis through to 
treatment and follow-up.  
Extensive experience, innovation at the forefront of development and close collaboration with leading 
hospitals around the world means that Elekta can offer solutions for the treatment of a wide range of 
different cancers. Common to Elekta's linear accelerator and systems for stereotactic radiosurgery and 
brachytherapy is that they can provide effective treatment with high precision with minimal impact on 
surrounding healthy tissue. Elekta's MR-Linac, Elekta Unity, provides the possibility of targeted radiation 
treatment of difficult-to-treat tumours with a precision that has not previously been possible. Thanks to

--- Page 94 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 92 -
70-41038919 
 
increasingly precise forms of radiation therapy, such treatments are both more effective and gentler on 
patients. 
CUSTOMERS 
Elekta's main customer base consists for the most part of hospitals, specialist / satellite clinics and academic 
institutions all over the world. Elekta has a broad range of customers and no single customer represents 
more than ten percent of net sales. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, the Americas accounted for 30 percent of Elekta's 
total order intake; EMEA for 39 percent and APAC accounted for 31 percent. The demand for cancer care 
is expected to increase as cancer incidence and prevalence continues to rise across the world. Further, 
delayed cancer screening and diagnosis due to pandemic-related restrictions and re-prioritizations have led 
to a pent-up demand in cancer care.  
FINANCIALS 
Despite the macro-economic challenges, Elekta achieved net sales of SEK 14,548 M in Fiscal Year 2021/22, 
corresponding to a 4 percent increase (based on a constant exchange rate) compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. 
In the first quarter of the fiscal year ending April 30, 2023 (“Q1 2022/23”), Elekta’s net sales amounted to 
SEK 3,327 M, corresponding to a 3 percent increase (based on constant exchange rates) compared to the 
first quarter of Fiscal Year 2021/22 (“Q1 2021/22”).  In Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta had an EBIT of SEK 
1,643 M, corresponding to a 14 percent decrease compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. Elekta had an EBIT 
margin of 11.3 percent in Fiscal Year 2021/22, a decrease of 2.6 percentage points compared to Fiscal Year 
2020/21. Elekta had a positive cash flow generation of SEK 450 M (after continuous investments) in Fiscal 
Year 2021/22, a 74 percent decrease compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. As at April 30, 2022, Elekta had 
SEK 3,077 M in cash and cash equivalents, compared to SEK 4,411 M as at April 30, 2021. 
In Q1 2022/23, Elekta had an adjusted EBIT of SEK 132 M, a 34 percent decrease compared to Q1 2021/22 
and an adjusted EBIT margin of 4.0 percent, a 2.7 percentage point decrease compared to Q1 2021/22. In 
Q1 2022/23, Elekta had a negative cash flow of SEK -594 M (after continuous investment), a 73 percent 
decrease compared to Q1 2021/22.  Operational cash conversion in Q1 2022/23 was -52 percent, compared 
to -17 percent in Q1 2021/22. Elekta’s cash conversion often follows a seasonal pattern with the first quarter 
of the fiscal year producing a weaker cashflow and the final quarter producing the strongest cashflow of 
the fiscal year. For the 12 month period to the end of Q1 2022/23, cash conversion was 67 percent, 
compared to 69 percent in Fiscal Year 2021/22.    
For the 12 month period to the end of Q1 2022/23, Elekta's net working capital as a percentage of net sales 
was stable with -4 percent, compared to -4 percent for the 12 month period to the end of Q1 2021/22.  
Americas 
In Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 5,570 M in the Americas, a two percent 
decrease (based on constant exchange rates) compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, 
Elekta achieved net sales of SEK 4,254 M in the Americas, a 7 percent increase (based on constant exchange 
rates) when compared to Fiscal Year 2020/2021. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, treatment solutions accounted for 
43 percent of net sales in the region, whilst global services accounted for 57 percent of net sales in the 
region. In Q1 2022/23, Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 979 M in the Americas, a 43 percent decline 
(based on constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2021/22. This decline was due to a combination of 
strong order growth in the corresponding quarter and cautiousness among US customers’ investment 
decisions. In Q1 2022/23, Elekta had net sales in the Americas of SEK 1,038 M, a 7 percent increase (based 
on constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2021/22.   
EMEA 
In Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 7,165 M in the EMEA region, a 12 percent 
increase (based on constant exchange rates) compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, 
Elekta achieved net sales of SEK 5,321 M in the EMEA region, a 2 percent increase (based on constant 
exchange rates) compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, treatment solutions accounted 
for 61 percent of net sales in the region, whilst global services accounted for 39 percent of net sales in the 
region. In Q1 2022/23, Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 1,442 M in the EMEA region, an order 
growth of 11 percent (based on constant exchange rates) when compared to Q1 2021/22. In Q1 2022/23,

--- Page 95 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 93 -
70-41038919 
 
Elekta had net sales of SEK 1,190 M in the EMEA region, an increase of 2 percent (based on constant 
exchange rates) compared to Q1 2021/22.   
APAC 
In Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 5,628 M in the APAC region, a 1 percent 
increase (based on constant exchange rates) compared to Fiscal year 2020/21. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, 
Elekta’s net sales amounted to SEK 4,972 M in the APAC region, a 4 percent increase (based on constant 
exchange rates) compared to Fiscal Year 2020/21. In Fiscal Year 2021/22, treatment solutions accounted 
for 73 percent of net sales in the region, whilst global services accounted for 27 percent of net sales in the 
region. In Q1 2022/23 Elekta had a gross order intake of SEK 1,449 M, a 9 percent increase (based on 
constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2021/22. Elekta’s net sales amounted to SEK 1,099 M in Q1 
2022/23, a 0 per cent growth (based on constant exchange rates) when compared to Q1 2021/22.  
Debt 
Elekta is focused on securing financing on attractive terms and conditions while reducing its refinancing 
risk. Elekta has issued debt with a balanced maturity profile, utilized multiple sources of funding including 
capital markets, banks and government supported organisations, and accessed currencies based on Elekta's 
underlying financing needs. 
As at April 30, 2022, Elekta's net debt amounted to SEK 1,532 M. As at July 31, 2022, Elekta’s net debt 
amounted to SEK 2,217 M. Elekta also has access to a €200 M syndicated revolving credit facility which 
may be used for general corporate purposes.  
Research and Development  
Elekta conducts research and development aimed at strengthening and enhancing its technology. Costs 
related to research and development amounted to SEK 1,372 M in Fiscal Year 2021/22. Capitalization of 
development costs and amortization of capitalized development costs amounted to net SEK 673 M in Fiscal 
Year 2021/22. Capitalization within the research and development function amounted to SEK 1,157 M and 
amortization to SEK -482 M in Fiscal Year 2021/22. Projects in capitalization phases increased in line with 
accelerated investments in innovations and amortizations decreased due to lower amortization from Elekta 
Unity. 
STRATEGY 
In June 2021, Elekta launched its new strategy, ACCESS 2025. ACCESS 2025 supports Elekta's vision of 
a world where everyone has access to the best cancer care. This vision is based on delivering on four 
strategic pillars in a sustainable way: (i) to accelerate innovation with customer utilisation in mind; (ii) to 
drive partner integration across the cancer care ecosystem; (iii) to be the customer's lifelong companion and 
(iv) to drive adoption across the globe.  
Cost-reduction Initiative 
Elekta is accelerating its Resilience and Excellence Program by launching a Cost-reduction Initiative to 
reduce structural costs and enhance productivity across the organization. The Cost-reduction Initiative will 
generate annual savings of approximately SEK 450 M. The measures include increasing productivity in 
operations and service as well as optimizing innovation pipeline and leverage global product organization. 
The Initiative will also drive efficiencies in selling and administration functions. Implementation costs 
related to the Initiative are expected to amount to up to SEK 400 M and will be reported as items affecting 
comparability 
Dividend Policy 
Elekta's current dividend policy, published in May 2021, intends to provide shareholders with a favourable 
capital return strategy, with a policy to distribute at least 50 percent of annual net income in the form of 
dividends, share repurchases or comparable measures.

--- Page 96 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 94 -
70-41038919 
 
BASIC INFORMATION 
Elekta AB (publ), org. No. 556170-4015 is a public limited company with its registered office in Stockholm. 
Elekta was formed in Sweden on July 18, 1972 and conducts business in accordance with the Swedish 
Companies Act and was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on July 18, 1972. 
Elekta's LEI code is 54930044O54BK617EP80. Elekta's website is www.elekta.com. The information on 
Elekta’s website is not included in this Base Prospectus unless the information is incorporated into the Base 
Prospectus through references. 
The address of Elekta's head office is: 
Elekta AB (publ) 
Kungstensgatan 18 
103 93 Stockholm 
Tel: 08-587 254 00 
Email: info@elekta.com 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Elekta AB (publ) is the parent company in the group. The company does not conduct operational activities 
but includes Group management and Group-wide functions as well as financial management. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the company has 40 directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries internationally 
and in Sweden. 
The subsidiaries are independent legal entities and have no obligation to transfer profits or funds generated 
by their operations. A certain part of the Issuer's assets and revenues relates to the subsidiaries and the 
Issuer is thus to some extent dependent on receiving sufficient income and cash flow from the subsidiaries' 
operations or at least that the subsidiaries continue to conduct their operations to fulfil the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 95 -
70-41038919 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Elekta B-shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm since 1994. The total number of shares 
outstanding as of 31 August, 2022, is 383,568,409 of which treasury shares amounted to 1,485,289 B-
shares.  
Distribution of Shares 
The distribution of shares as 31 August, 2022, is: 
 
Percentage of 
Class of Share 
No. of Shares 
No. of Votes 
Capital  
(percent) 
Votes  
(percent) 
A-shares 
14,980,769 
149,807,690 
3.9 
28.9 
B-shares 
368,587,640 
368,587,640 
96.1 
71.1 
Total 
383,568,409 
518,395,330 
100.00 
100.00 
 
The two largest owners are the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund and Laurent Leksell and company 
holdings. 
The ten largest shareholders as of 31 August, 2022, are: 
Shareholder 
No. of Shares 
Capital 
(percent) 
Votes 
(percent) 
Fourth Swedish National Pension 
Fund 
34,750,795 
9.1 
6.7 
Laurent Leksell and company 
holdings 
22,737,393 
5.9 
30.4 
Nordea Funds 
18,676,198 
4.9 
3.6 
Schroders 
16,448,327 
4.3 
3.2 
T. Rowe Price 
16,122,711 
4.2 
3.1 
SEB Funds 
14,808,638 
3.9 
2.9 
Vanguard 
11,229,374 
2.9 
2.2 
Pictet Asset Management 
9,395,654 
2.4 
1.8 
Swedbank Robur Funds 
9,254,971 
2.4 
1.8 
Handelsbanken Funds 
9,243,119 
2.4 
1.8 
Other 
220,901,229 
60 
44.3 
Total 
383,568,409 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Foreign ownership was approximately 50 percent of capital and 37 percent of votes.

--- Page 98 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 96 -
70-41038919 
 
As far as the Board is aware, there are no shareholder agreements or other agreements between the Issuer's 
shareholders that aim at joint influence over the Issuer. As far as the Board is aware, there are also no 
agreements or equivalent that may lead to a change in control of the Issuer. 
The shareholders' influence is exercised through active participation in the decisions made at the Annual 
General Meeting. To ensure that control over the Issuer is not abused, the Issuer complies with the 
provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (2005: 551) and the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL BODIES 
Board 
Elekta's board consists of eight members elected by the AGM. 
Laurent Leksell 
Year of birth: 1952 
Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the compensation and sustainability 
committee, elected in 1972. 
 
Education: MBA and doctor of economics from the Stockholm School of 
Economics 
 
Other relevant board assignments: 
Board Chairman: Leksell Social Ventures and the Stockholm School of 
Economics. 
Board Member: International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) and Elekta 
Foundation. 
Main work experience and other information: Founder of Elekta and executive 
director from 2005 to 2013. Former President and CEO of Elekta from 1972 to 
2005. Founder and partner of Nordic Management AB (1980 – 1986). Assistant 
professor and faculty member at Stockholm School of Economics, IFL and 
INSEAD Fontainebleau and Visiting Scholar at Harvard Business School. 
Cecilia Wikström 
Year of birth: 1965 
Board member, elected 2018. 
Education: Bachelor of Theology degree from Uppsala University. 
 
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: EIPA (The European Institute of Public Administration in 
Maastrich), Elekta Foundation, Uppsala University Alva Mydral Center for 
Nuclear Disarmament.  
Board member: Integrum AB and the Royal Swedish Library (KB). 
Main work experience and other information: CEO of the Beijer Foundation and 
Anders Wall Foundation. Member of the European Parliament (2009 – 2019). M.P 
in Swedish Parliament (2002 – 2009). Priest within the Swedish Church since 
1994. 
Caroline Leksell 
Cooke 
Year of birth: 1981. 
Board member, elected 2017. 
Education: BSc in Business Administration from Stockholm University, studied 
marketing at Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and at Columbia 
Business School.  
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: Bonit Invest S.A./N.V. 
Board member: Leksell Social Ventures' investment committee

--- Page 99 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 97 -
70-41038919 
 
Main work experience and other information: Experience in the areas of digital 
strategy, communication and technology and is currently responsible for major 
international business in the role as industry manager at Google 
Johan 
Malmquist 
Year of birth: 1961 
Board member, elected 2015.  
Education: BSc Business Administration from the Stockholm School of 
Economics 
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: Arjo AB and Getinge AB.  
Board member: Mölnlycke Health Care AB, The Dunker Foundations, Chalmers 
University of Technology Foundation, Trelleborg AB and Stena Adactum AB. 
Main work experience and other information: Experience from the medical 
technology industry, including as President and CEO of Getinge AB between 
1997 and 2015. Prior to that, various positions within the Getinge Group and the 
Electrolux Group. 
Wolfgang Reim 
Year of birth: 1956 
Board member, elected 2011. 
Education: Master of Science and PhD in physics from the ETH Institute of 
Technology in Zurich.  
 
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: Ondal Medical Systems GmbH. 
Board members: Nord A/S, LAP GmbH and Audeering GmbH. 
Main work experience and other information: CEO of Amann Girrbach AG. 
Independent consultant focusing on the medical technology industry and interim 
CEO of DORC BV in 2016 and Ondal Medical Systems in 2013. Prior to that, 
CEO of Dräger Medical AG from 2000 to 2006. At Siemens from 1986 to 2000, 
as CEO of the Siemens Ultrasound Division (1998–2000) and President of the 
Special Products Division (1995–1998). 
Jan Secher 
Year of birth: 1957 
Board member, elected 2010. 
Education: Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management from 
Linköping University. 
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: Peak Management AG. 
Board member: IKEM (Innovation and Chemical Industries in Sweden) and the 
European Chemical Industry Council. 
Main work experience and other information: President and CEO of Perstorp 
Holding AB from September 2013. Former President and CEO of Ferrostal AG 
from 2010 to 2012. Operating partner of the US private equity fund Apollo in 
London from 2009 to 2010. CEO of Clariant AG in Basel from 2006 to 2008 and 
CEO of SICPA in Lausanne from 2003 to 2005. Prior to that, a number of leading 
positions within the ABB Group during the years 1982 to 2002. 
Birgitta Stymne 
Göransson 
Year of birth: 1957 
Board member, elected 2005 
Education: MBA from Harvard Business School and Master of Science in 
Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology from Royal Institute of Technology 
(KTH) in Stockholm.  
Other relevant board assignments: 
Chairman of the Board: Industrifonden and Min Doktor.

--- Page 100 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 98 -
70-41038919 
 
Board member: Bure Equity AB, Pandora AS, Asker Healthcare AB, BCB 
Medical Oy and Rhenman & Partners Asset Management. 
Main work experience and other information: President and CEO of Memira 
Group from 2010 to 2013. CEO of the Semantix Group 2005 to 2009 and COO / 
CFO of Telefos 2001 to 2005. Prior to that, various management positions, 
including in McKinsey, Gambro and Åhléns AB, among others. 
Kelly Londy  
Year of birth: 1966 
Board member, elected 2022 
Education: Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Cleary College; Degree 
in Radiologic Technology, Washtenaw College.  
Other relevant board assignments: 
Board member: CMR Surgical  
Main work experience and other information: CEO of Nuvo Group. Previously 
CEO of Innoblative Designs (2019-2021) and Lumicell (2017-2019). Before that 
various leadership positions at Accuray, GE Healthcare and Philips Healthcare.  
 
 
Executive Management 
Elekta's Executive Management consists of the following people. 
Gustaf Salford 
 
Year of birth: 1977. 
President and CEO, employed since 2009. 
Education: MSc in Economics, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Tobias Hägglöv 
Year of birth: 1978. 
CFO, employed since 2022. 
Education: MSc in Industrial Engineering and Business Management, Royal 
Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm; MSc in Business Administration 
and Economics, Stockholm University.  
Lionel Hadjadjeba 
Year of birth: 1958. 
President Linac Solutions, employed since 2019. 
Education: Medical Doctor in Internal Medicine and Haemato-Oncology, Nancy-
Université in Lorraine, and MBA from Business School of HEC, Paris. 
John Lapré 
Year of birth: 1964. 
President, Brachy Solutions, employed since 2011. 
Education: MSc in Human Nutrition and Physiology and PhD in Toxicology from 
Wageningen University. 
Verena Schiller 
Year of birth: 1980. 
President, Neuro Solutions, employed between 2008-2010 and thereafter since 
2012. 
Education: Radiation therapist. 
Paul Bergström 
Year of birth: 1974.

--- Page 101 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 99 -
70-41038919 
 
Executive Vice President Global Services, employed since 2017. 
Education: MSc in Electrical Engineering, Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) 
in Stockholm. 
Maurits 
Wolleswinkel 
Year of birth: 1971. 
Chief Product Officer, employed since 2011. 
Education: MSc in Mechanical Engineering from Delft University of Technology 
and MSc in General Management from Nyenrode Business University in 
Breukelen. 
Ardie Ermers 
Year of birth: 1975. 
Executive Vice President Europe, employed since 2021. 
Education: MSc in Industrial Engineering and Management Science, Eindhoven 
University of Technology. 
Carlos Castilleja  
 
Year of birth: 1974 
Executive Vice President Region Americas, employed since 2007. 
Education: BSc in Business Administration, Baylor University, Texas. 
Habib Nehme 
Year of birth: 1964. 
Executive Vice President TIMEA, APAC & Japan, employed since 2018. 
Education: Master of Biomedical Engineering from the University of Technology 
Compiègne. Electrical Engineering degree, Jesuits Saint Joseph University of 
Beirut. Marketing degree, Business School HEC Paris. 
Anming Gong 
Year of birth: 1964. 
Executive Vice President China, employed since 2009. 
Education: MSc Biomedical Engineering, Huazhong University of Science and 
Technology, Wuhan, China. 
Jonas Bolander 
Year of birth: 1966. 
General Counsel and Executive Vice President, employed since 2001. 
Education: Master of Laws at Stockholm University. 
 
Conflicts of interest within administrative, management and control bodies 
None of the Issuer's board members or senior executives has any existing or potential conflict of interest 
regarding commitments towards the Issuer and private interests and / or other commitments. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, directly and indirectly through companies, Laurent Leksell, 
Chairman of the Board, holds 30.4 percent of the votes and 5.9 percent of the capital in the Issuer and is 
thus Elekta's largest shareholder (measured by voting rights). Most Board members and senior executives 
also have a financial interest in Elekta as a result of shareholdings in the Issuer.

--- Page 102 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 100 -
70-41038919 
 
Corporate Governance  
The corporate governance structure of Elekta is set out in the illustration below.  
 
In Fiscal Year 2021/22, Elekta has implemented and complied with the Swedish corporate governance code 
(the "Code") with one exception. According to point 2.4 of the Code, the chairman of the Board of Directors 
is not to be the chairman of the nomination committee. Elekta’s nomination committee resolved to appoint 
the Chairman of the Board, Laurent Leksell, as chairman of the nomination committee.  
Risk Management 
The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the governance of risk management and control 
systems. The President and CEO, assisted by the Executive Management, is responsible for ensuring there 
is a common and efficient risk management process in place. Support functions provide guidance on 
governance, risk management and internal control. 
Elekta has an established Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework aligned with the strategic 
planning process. A group-wide overview of all Elekta’s risks is undertaken twice a year, using a common 
risk identification and rating method-ology, providing a basis for decision-making and prioritization as well 
as ensuring appropriate levels of control. Where identified risks cannot be avoided, mitigated or accepted, 
risks are transferred through insurance where possible. Elekta’s insurable risks are covered through global 
insurance programs tailored to transfer risks associated with property and business interruption, 
transportation, project execution, business travel, cyber and liability risks. 
The Group is exposed to a number of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Financial 
risk management is conducted by the Group’s finance department, which identifies, evaluates and hedges 
financial risks. Work is pursued in line with the policies established by the board for overarching risk 
management and for specific areas such as currency risk, interest-rate risk, credit risk, utilisation of 
derivative instruments and financial instruments that are not derivatives, and the investment of surplus 
liquidity. 
Elekta's independent internal audit function constitutes an addition level of control, reporting to the Audit 
Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management process and internal control system.

--- Page 103 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 101 -
70-41038919 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee consists of three members who were appointed by the Board at the first board meeting 
following the election of the Board by the Annual General Meeting, for a term of one year. In addition to 
the committee members, the CFO, the Head of Group Accounting and the Chief Audit Executive also attend 
the committee’s meetings as well as the external auditor, if needed.  
Audit 
The auditors control the work of the Board and the President and CEO, review and audit the accounts and 
informs the Annual General Meeting and the board. 
The historical financial information for Fiscal Year 2020/21 and Fiscal Year 2021/22 has been audited in 
accordance with IFRS by the registered auditing company Ernst & Young AB (“EY”), with Rickard 
Andersson (an employee of EY) as the principal auditor. EY has been the auditor of Elekta since the 2019 
Annual General Meeting. 
Rickard Andersson was born in 1973 and is a certified public accountant and a member of FAR. Rickard 
is the auditor in charge of Munters, Securitas, SSAB and Volati. He has no assignments in other companies 
that affect his independence as an accountant for Elekta. Address of the Issuer's auditors: 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
111 47 Stockholm 
Address 
For all persons on the Board and Group Management, the office address is: 
Elekta AB (publ) 
Box 7593, 103 93 Stockholm.

--- Page 104 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 102 -
70-41038919 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does 
thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the 
Notes. In particular, the summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among 
others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may also be applicable to certain categories of 
corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not described below. Specific tax 
consequences may also apply when Notes are held by partnerships and as trading assets in a business. Such 
tax consequences are not described below. Neither does the summary cover Notes which are placed on an 
investment savings account (Sw: investeringssparkonto). This summary is neither intended to be nor should 
be construed as legal or tax advice and investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding 
the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties) of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes in their particular situation. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) a private individual who is not a 
resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity not organized under the laws of the 
Kingdom of Sweden and which is not otherwise resident in Sweden for tax purposes. Payments of any 
principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a non-resident

--- Page 105 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 103 -
70-41038919 
 
holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does not carry 
out business activities from a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Sweden to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or 
interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. Under a specific rule, individuals who are not resident in the 
Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden 
upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in the Kingdom 
of Sweden or if they have lived permanently in the Kingdom of Sweden at any time during the calendar 
year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. The 
application of this rule may, however, be limited by an applicable tax treaty. 
The holders may, however, be subject to tax in the country where they are resident for tax purposes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) a private individual who is a resident 
in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organized under the laws of the Kingdom of 
Sweden or which is otherwise resident in Sweden for tax purposes. Generally, for Swedish corporations 
and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident holders of any Notes, all 
capital income on Notes (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital 
gains on Notes) will be taxable. A capital gain or capital loss is calculated as the difference between the 
sales proceeds, after deduction for sales expenses, and the acquisition cost for tax purposes. The acquisition 
cost for all Notes of the same kind is determined according to the “average method” (Sw: 
genomsnittsmetoden). 
A private individual’s capital income such as capital gains and interest is subject to a 30 percent tax rate. 
Limited liability companies and other legal entities are taxed on all income, including capital gains and 
interest, as business income at the tax rate of 20.6 percent Capital losses on listed Notes (Sw. 
marknadsnoterade fordringsrätter) are fully deductible for individuals however only against taxable income 
in the capital income category. If a net loss should arise in this income category, a reduction is granted of 
the tax on income from employment and business operations as well as property tax. This tax reduction is 
30 percent of the net loss that does not exceed SEK 100,000 and 21 percent of any remaining net loss. A 
net loss cannot be carried forward to future tax years. If amounts that are considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden, including a Swedish branch, to a 
private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) that is tax resident in Sweden, Swedish preliminary 
taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should 
normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together 
with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
No inheritance tax, gift or net wealth tax is levied in Sweden. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment".

--- Page 106 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 104 -
70-41038919 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Danske Bank A/S, Standard Chartered Bank AG and Skandinavaska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed 
to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated [•] 2022 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be 
issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and 
the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. Any 
agreement by a Dealer to subscribe for Notes will be subject to certain conditions precedent being met. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 107 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 105 -
70-41038919 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.   
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors:  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(d) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law, including by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 108 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 106 -
70-41038919 
 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer acknowledges that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or

--- Page 109 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 107 -
70-41038919 
 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Sweden 
Neither Finansinspektionen (Sweden’s financial supervisory authority) nor any other Swedish public body 
has examined, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or will examine, approve or register this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in 
relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in the Kingdom of Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in 
relation to those Notes has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, 
approved in member state of the European Economic Area and duly notified to Finansinspektionen; or (B) 
an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available pursuant to the provisions of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation or the Act on Supplementary Rules to the EU Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lag 
(2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU: s prospektförordning) or any other Swedish 
enactment. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has, to the best of its knowledge and belief, complied and 
will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 108 -
70-41038919 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorized by a resolution of the board of directors of 
the Issuer passed on 28th September 2022.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange, plc will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, upon submission to Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms, subject only to the issue 
of the Notes of that Tranche. The approval of the Programme in respect of such Notes is expected 
to be granted on or about 11 October 2022. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
4. 
Significant/Material Change 
Since April 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries.   
Since July 31, 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.   
5. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended April 30, 2022, and April 30, 2021, by Ernst & Young AB, Hamngatan 26, SE-111 
47, Stockholm, Sweden, who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion 
of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
6. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the head office of Elekta AB (publ) at Kungstensgatan 18, 
103 93 Stockholm, Sweden and at https://ir.elekta.com/investors/ for the 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended April 30, 
2022, and April 30, 2021, and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer for the three months ended July 31, 2022; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or Registered Notes held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure).

--- Page 111 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 109 -
70-41038919 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). 
7. 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) which 
have been entered into by the Issuer and are, or may be, material and contain provisions under 
which the Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
8. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
9. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.  
10. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
Conflicts of Interest  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and

--- Page 112 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 110 -
70-41038919 
 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
12. 
Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
13. 
Credit rating 
In October 2021 Elekta received an investment grade rating from S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P). S&P has assigned a BBB- rating to Elekta and to the Group's existing senior 
unsecured notes, with stable outlook. S&P notes that Elekta's rating reflects the global leading 
position, ability to introduce new innovative treatment solutions and the key credit strengths being 
low leverage and stable cash generation. If Notes issued under the Programme are to receive or 
have received a credit rating, this is stated in the Final Terms. 
Rating is the rating that a borrower can obtain from an independent credit rating agency regarding 
the ability to meet their financial obligations. The ability to meet their financial obligations is also 
called creditworthiness. There is a risk that this rating has not weighed in all the risks associated 
with investing in the Issuer. A credit rating does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and can be changed or revoked by the credit rating agency at any time. It is 
everyone's duty to obtain information on the current rating, as it may be subject to change.  
14. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 54930044O54BK617EP80. 
15. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is www.elekta.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
10236392091-v7 
- 111 -
70-41038919 
 
ISSUER 
 
Elekta AB (publ) 
Kungstensgatan 18,  
Stockholm, Sweden
 
 
DEALERS 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
                Danske Bank A/S 
                         Holmens Kanal 2-12 
                      DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
                                 Denmark 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
        Skandinavaska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
                         Kungträdgårdsgatan 8 
                           106 40 Stockholm 
                               Sweden 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENTS AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
as to Swedish law: 
 
DLA Piper UK LLP 
160 Aldersgate Street 
London EC1A 4HT 
United Kingdom 
DLA Piper Sweden KB 
Sveavägen 4 
111 57 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street  
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26, 
Stockholm Box 7850, 111 47 
Sweden  
Walkers Listing Services Limited  
5th Floor The Exchange,  
Georges Dock, Dublin 1  
 D01 W3P9 Ireland