--- Page 1 ---
Elis 
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of the Republic of France) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
guaranteed by M.A.J. 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Elis 
(the “Issuer” or “Elis”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes will, upon their issue, be guaranteed by 
M.A.J. (the “Guarantor” or “M.A.J.”) under a guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the 
Issue Date (as defined below) of such Notes (the “Guarantee”). The form of the Guarantee is contained herein 
and its application and enforceability are subject to certain conditions and limitations as further described 
herein. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). Subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, Notes issued by Elis may be issued in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France, in its 
capacity as competent authority pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information contained 
therein is complete, consistent and comprehensible within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality of the 
Notes, which are the subject of this Base Prospectus, and investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made (i) to the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined 
below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II”) (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes may be issued pursuant 
to the Programme without being admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether 
or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. The minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated “Ba1” (stable outlook) by 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), “BB+” (positive outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P 
Global Ratings”) and “BBB (low)” (positive outlook) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS Morningstar”). Each 
of Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings and DBRS Morningstar is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). The ratings of Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings and DBRS Morningstar are endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P UK”) and DBRS Ratings Limited 
(“DBRS UK”), respectively, in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law (by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Each of Moody’s 
UK, S&P UK and DBRS UK is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to 
them by the relevant rating organisation and specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered (or which has applied for registration) under the 
CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
published on ESMA’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). In general, UK-
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating

--- Page 2 ---
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry 
form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed 
as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”), in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global 
Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest 
attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes 
(subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered 
outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined herein) of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplements thereto (if any) 
and, as long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes can be obtained free of charge from the registered office 
of the Issuer and will also be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.elis.com) or the AMF (www.amf-
france.org), except, as regards the AMF website, for the documents incorporated by reference related to the 
Guarantor. 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
CIC Market Solutions 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 May 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto published from time to time 
(each a “Supplement” and, together, the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purposes of giving 
information, with regard to the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) 
and the Notes, which is necessary information which is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the rights attached to the Notes and the 
Guarantee, the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement 
thereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be incorporated in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Arranger 
(each as defined at the end of this Base Prospectus). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, those of 
the Group or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer, that of the Group or the Guarantor since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Dealers and the 
Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN 
BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON 
OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, 
SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other

--- Page 4 ---
2 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe 
for, or to purchase, any Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For the purposes of this provision, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or otherwise making them available, to 
retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes, to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For the 
purposes of this provision, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as 
amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or otherwise making 
them available, to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as

--- Page 5 ---
3 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 20181, and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 20182 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers has separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the 
                                                     
1 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected 
to be in October 2023. 
2 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected 
to be in October 2023.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference 
should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision regarding 
the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and 
appraisal of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group and the terms of the offering, including 
the merits and risks involved. For further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax 
advice. Each prospective investor should determine for itself and/or consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer, the Group or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in 
the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. Each prospective investor in the Notes 
must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it 
deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) or any of 
their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its 
acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations or to 
review or regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in 
certain types of debt securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions 
prior to investing in the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective 
investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the 
jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS – Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be 
aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred 
or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 7 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................. 13 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ......................................................... 13 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR ............................................... 14 
C. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES .......................................................... 14 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ......................................................................................... 25 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................... 26 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................ 37 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES ........................................................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................... 40 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF M.A.J. ............................................................................................ 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................... 110 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................ 111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ...................................................................................... 113 
RECENT EVENTS ........................................................................................................................ 118 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................ 124 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................... 143 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 148 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................................. 154 
APPROVAL OF THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS ............................................. 156

--- Page 8 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended (the 
“Delegated Regulation”). It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this 
Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is “Elis” (“Elis” or the 
“Company”). 
Guarantor 
The legal name of the Guarantor is “M.A.J.” (“M.A.J.”), and its commercial 
name is “Blanchisseries de Pantin”. 
Nature and 
Scope of the 
Guarantee 
The Notes will, upon their issue, be guaranteed by M.A.J. pursuant to a joint 
and several guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the 
issue date of such Notes (the “Guarantee”). M.A.J. unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons issued by it and in 
accordance with their terms and conditions and subject to the guarantee 
limitations set out in the Guarantee. 
In particular, the Guarantee will only apply to any Notes (i) if, and to the extent, 
the proceeds of the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or 
otherwise made available to the Guarantor and (ii) at any time (including at 
the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly made pursuant to its 
terms), only up to the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other availability arrangements. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme 
will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) as per the decision of the Supervisory Board 
(Conseil de surveillance) of the Company dated 7 March 2023. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement.  
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as Dealers for the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealer 
in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent, 
Calculation 
Agent and 
Registration 
Agent 
Uptevia 
Make-Whole Call 
Calculation 
Agent 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical, the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable or identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest, the issue date, the issue price and the nominal amount) with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms

--- Page 10 ---
8 
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issue price 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes  
Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes are issued in bearer-dematerialised form (au porteur) 
or registered dematerialised form (au nominatif).  
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Bearer Notes may only 
be issued outside France.  
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies 
The Notes may be issued in euro, Japanese yen, Sterling, Swiss francs, U.S. 
dollars and Australian dollars and in any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Specified 
denomination 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by (x) an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or (y) a FBF 
Master Agreement incorporating the relevant FBF Technical Schedules, 
as published from time to time by the FBF; in each case, as amended

--- Page 11 ---
9 
and updated as at the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service (including EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA or 
SOFR) or any other reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
in both cases as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 6) (but 
not in respect of €STR, SONIA and SOFR), the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide a methodology aiming to determine the successor or 
alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to it and will not bear interest.  
Interest rates 
and interest 
periods 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. The Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless a higher minimum rate of interest is provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes any applicable margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent.  
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes.  
Optional 
Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of the Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and, 
if so, the applicable terms to such redemption. 
Redemption at 
the option of 
Noteholders 
following a 
change of 
control 
If a change of control occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require 
the Issuer to redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder. 
Make-Whole Call 
Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer may, at its option and having given the appropriate notice, redeem, 
in whole or in part, the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at any

--- Page 12 ---
10 
time prior to their Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, prior to their Residual Maturity Call 
Option Start Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) at the applicable 
make-whole redemption amount, together with any accrued interest to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption (which date shall be specified in such 
notice). 
Residual 
Maturity Call 
Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option and having given the appropriate notice, redeem the 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at their nominal amount, together with any 
interest accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption 
(which date shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date 
and shall be specified in such notice). 
Clean-Up Call 
Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 80 per cent of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Notes of the same Series 
(including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15) or any other 
percentage higher than 80 per cent specified in the relevant Final Terms has 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, 
the Issuer may, at its option and having given the appropriate notice, redeem, 
in whole but not in part, the Notes then outstanding, at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (which 
date shall be specified in such notice). 
Early 
Redemption 
Except as provided in “Call Option”, “Make-Whole Call Option”, “Residual 
Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call Option” and “Optional Redemption” 
above, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (or, in certain 
circumstances, the Notes shall be redeemed) prior to maturity only for tax or 
illegality reasons. 
Status of the 
Notes 
The nominal and interest on the Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the Negative Pledge provisions below) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with 
all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, 
obligations and guarantees of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge 
As long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, 
remain outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will ensure that 
none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below in Condition 5) or Future 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined below in Condition 5) will grant any Security 
Interest (as defined below in Condition 5) over any of their respective assets, 
rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined 
below in Condition 5) incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries (whether before or after the issuance of the Notes) 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (y) are given the 
benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the

--- Page 13 ---
11 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through 
a Written Resolution.  
Status of the 
Guarantee and 
Negative Pledge 
The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the Negative Pledge provisions) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and rank and will at all times rank (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
similar guarantees granted by the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee 
have been paid, it will not grant any Security Interest over any of its assets, 
rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt incurred or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether before or after the issuance of the 
Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (y) are 
given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse 
of the Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or 
through a Written Resolution. 
The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be 
limited, at any time, to an amount equal to the aggregate of all amounts 
directly or indirectly on-lent or otherwise made available to the Guarantor from 
the proceeds of the Notes under intercompany loan agreements granted by 
the Issuer, cash-pooling arrangements in which the Issuer participates or 
otherwise and outstanding at the date a payment is to be made by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee; it being specified that any payment made by 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall reduce pro tanto the outstanding 
amount of the intercompany loans or other amounts due by the Guarantor 
under the intercompany loan agreements, cash-pooling arrangements or 
otherwise referred to above, that any repayment of the intercompany loans 
or other amount due under any cash-pooling arrangements or otherwise by 
the Guarantor shall reduce pro tanto the amount payable under this 
Guarantee and that any payment paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
shall reduce pro tanto the amount of the intercompany loans or other amount 
due by the Guarantor to the Issuer under any cash-pooling arrangements or 
otherwise. 
Events of Default 
The Notes may become due and payable at their nominal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon following the occurrence of an event of 
default in respect of the Notes. The events of default in respect of the Notes 
include, in particular, an interest payment default under the Notes or a 
payment default under the Guarantee, a default in the performance of, or 
compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the Notes or of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, a cross default and certain additional events 
affecting the Issuer, its Material Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated 
“Ba1” (stable outlook) by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), “BB+” (positive 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P Global Ratings”) and

--- Page 14 ---
12 
“BBB (low)” (positive outlook) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS 
Morningstar”). 
The ratings of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest made 
by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon or by the Guarantor in respect 
of the Guarantee be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor, will, save in certain circumstances, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case 
may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Admission to 
Trading 
Notes of any particular Series may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or such other stock exchanges (whether a regulated market or not) as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or unlisted. The applicable 
Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Selling 
Restrictions  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on distribution of offering material, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes pursuant to Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Governing law 
The Notes and the Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference herein, in particular the 2022 
Universal Registration Document (as defined below)), and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe are specific to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the Notes and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their operations that are inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes and/or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantee may occur for other reasons and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The 
risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer and the Guarantor face. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer and the Guarantor or that they currently believe to 
be immaterial could also have a material impact on their business operations.  
For the purpose of this section headed “Risk factors”, the “Group” is defined as the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, including the Guarantor. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks factors relating to the Group and its activity are described on pages 218 to 229 of the 2022 
Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Those risk factors include the following: 
 
Strategic risks (including (i) risks related to a sharp drop in the number of visitors within the 
Hospitality sector; (ii) risks related to acquisitions, mergers and disposals; (iii) risks related to 
the competitive landscape; and (iv) risks related to climate change and shifting of stakeholder 
expectations); 
 
Operational risks specific to the Group’s business (including (i) risks related to IT systems; (ii) 
risks related to the customer portfolio; (iii) risks related to supply chain disruptions; (iv) risks 
related to the Group’s international operations; (v) risks related to industrial activities; and (vi) 
physical risks related to climate change); 
 
Financial risks (including (i) liquidity risk; and (ii) currency risk); and 
 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks (including (i) risks related to disputes and litigation; (ii) risks 
related to compliance with antitrust regulations; and (iii) risks related to restrictive regulations 
applicable to the Group or to some of its business sectors).

--- Page 16 ---
14 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR 
The risks related to the Guarantor are similar to those listed for the Issuer and the Group, being 
provided that as regards operational activities, the Guarantor runs a high number of industrial 
laundries, had an average workforce of 7,305 employees on 31 December 2022 and is virtually 
exclusively active in France. 
C. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes to be 
offered and/or admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
They do not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes.  
1. Risks relating to the trading market of the Notes 
(i) 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and/or admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or such other stock exchanges as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be 
affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or that of the Group and a number 
of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the Group deteriorates, this could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a 
result, (i) the Issuer and/or may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Notes and/or the Guarantee and (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may 
lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally 
and Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at 
which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder.  
(ii) 
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes/No Active Secondary Market for the 
Notes  
Application may be made to list and/or admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or such other stock exchanges as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued and one may not 
develop. There can be no assurance of a secondary market for the Notes or the continued liquidity 
of such market if one develops. The absence of liquidity may have a significant material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a 
number of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable 
reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, 
the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the 
maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes 
as specified in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the performance of other 
instruments (e.g., commodities or securities) linked to the reference rates and the level, direction

--- Page 17 ---
15 
and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. 
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise 
their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a 
result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(iii) 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The principal of, or any return on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or 
more Specified Currencies (including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or 
currency units) specified in the relevant Final Terms. For investors whose financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency, or where principal or return in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the 
value of one or more Specified Currencies other than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, 
an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a debt security denominated and payable in such Investor’s Currency. Such risks 
include, without limitation, the possibility of significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between 
the applicable specified currency and the Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition 
or modification of exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such Specified Currency 
or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, 
economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable Specified 
Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on a Note 
denominated, or the principal of or return on which is payable, in such Specified Currency, in the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity (if any) and 
generally in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of such Note. In addition, depending 
on the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference 
to the value of, one or more Specified Currencies (other than solely the Investor’s Currency), 
fluctuations in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved could 
result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result 
in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the Noteholder. 
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future 
impose, exchange controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, 
of the specified currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return 
in respect of such Note. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested 
from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
2. Risks relating to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues 
(i) 
French Insolvency Law 
As limited liability companies (sociétés anonymes) incorporated in France, French insolvency laws 
apply to the Issuer and the Guarantor. In the event that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency 
laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed

--- Page 18 ---
16 
under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, adopted 
by the European Union on 20 June 2019, has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 
2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021, as supplemented by the Decree No. 2021-218 dated 23 
September 2021 (the “Order”). The Order, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French 
insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. 
According to the Order, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the 
Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for 
the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class 
comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on 
verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any 
other affected parties, Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially 
other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram 
down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the 
participating members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by 
the court at the request of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as relevant, or the receiver with the Issuer's 
or the Guarantor’s, as relevant, consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described 
in Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may not be applicable to the extent they 
are not in compliance with mandatory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor would have a 
material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any 
decision taken by a class of affected parties, could negatively and significantly impact the 
Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the principal and interest 
on the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
5.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, while the Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor. Therefore, any investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. If the financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor deteriorates, they may not 
be able to fulfil all or part of their payment obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee, as 
the case may be, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. The price of the Notes

--- Page 19 ---
17 
will also depend on the creditworthiness, or perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer. If the 
creditworthiness, or the perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer deteriorates, the value of the 
Notes may decrease and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
(iii) 
Potential conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers which may be appointed in relation to a given issuance of Notes and 
their affiliates may engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory 
and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and the Guarantor and in relation to 
securities issued by any entity of the Group. They may (i) engage in investment, banking, trading 
or hedging activities including in activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering 
of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, some 
of such Dealers may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Hence, the 
Dealers for a Tranche of Notes may have interests differing from the Noteholders’ interests with 
respect to the implementation of an issue of Notes.  
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the 
Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers may from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent and/or the Make-Whole Call 
Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer 
acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such Calculation Agent and/or such Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon 
redemption of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Modification and waivers 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit in certain cases 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and 
Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant Written Resolution. In the event where 
a decision to modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would be adopted by a defined majority 
of Noteholders and such modifications would impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
3. Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, 
each Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features

--- Page 20 ---
18 
of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if 
any, redemption and issue price. 
(i) 
Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, or in whole or in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided in Condition 
7(b), a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7(c), a residual maturity call option as 
provided in Condition 7(d), or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7(i). In addition, the 
Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, further 
to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 7(g). 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
negatively affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, 
since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively 
low, a Noteholder might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been 
redeemed. 
As a consequence, the yields received by the Noteholders upon such early redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the applicable redemption price, the negative 
impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be significant. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under Condition 7(i) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the relevant Series redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer and cancelled as a proportion of the initial aggregate nominal amount of such Notes 
reaches or is about to reach the Clean-Up Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above the applicable Early Redemption Amount, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
(ii) 
The Make-Whole Call Option is exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of the 
Make-Whole Call Option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Call Option provided in Condition 7(c) is exercisable in whole or in part. If the 
Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by (in 
respect of Materialised Notes) by redeeming some but not all of the Notes or (in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes) reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
Depending on the proportion of the Notes so redeemed or nominal amount of all of the Notes so 
reduced, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may become illiquid. The absence of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Exercise of the Put Option in case of Change of Control in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such 
option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option in case 
of Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(l), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid. The absence of liquidity may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. 
An investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Series of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite 
direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the 
yield of the Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate 
decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of the Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to 
losses for Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds 
the Fixed Rate of the Notes. 
(v) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a 
margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. These 
reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a 
higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous 
Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a 
reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
Due to varying interest income on the Floating Rate Notes, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest 
the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
(vi) 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference 
Rates that constitute benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). The Benchmark 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the 
Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 has applied in 
the UK since the end of the Brexit transition period on 31 December 2020 (the “UK Benchmark 
Regulation”). 
The Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” changed in order to comply with the terms of 
the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or to contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
(vii) 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined (but not in respect of €STR, SONIA and SOFR), 
and EURIBOR or another Reference Rate has been selected as the Reference Rate, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 6(a)) occurs, and/or any page on which such Reference 
Rate may be published, becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with 
or without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which would be applied with a view to reducing 
or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure 
the proper operation of the Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may 
result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. In addition, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
(viii) 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for 
Floating Rate Notes and, as the related market continues to develop, there may be 
an adverse effect on the return on or value of the Notes 
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies the rate of interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, holders of Notes should be aware that 
because SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods 
longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over 
the relevant interest period, or compounding during the relevant interest period, except during a 
specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will be fixed. As a 
consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment 
date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date in 
accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c). Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the 
interest amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new market index. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began to publish 
SOFR in April 2018. Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical 
indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such prepublication historical data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical 
changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial 
publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked 
Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be 
very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities 
as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of notes linked to rates that are more 
widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and 
market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR 
is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without

--- Page 24 ---
22 
notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders in the Notes. If the manner in 
which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance 
may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes 
and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes which would have an adverse effect on the 
Noteholders who could lose part of their investment. 
(ix) 
The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates (including 
overnight rates such as €STR or SONIA) 
The rate of interest on the Notes may also be calculated on the basis of other risk free rates such 
as €STR or SONIA as set forth in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes). Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because €STR and SONIA are overnight funding 
rates, interest on €STR- or SONIA-linked Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be 
calculated on the basis of €STR or SONIA, as applicable, compounded during the relevant interest 
period except during a specified period near the end of each interest payment period during which 
such risk free rate will be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest 
payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which 
will be payable on such Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR or SONIA, as a 
reference rate in the capital markets’ transactions and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA or €STR, including term €STR and term SONIA 
reference rates which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a 
designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR or SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes as applicable to such 
benchmark-linked Notes referencing such reference rates. The nascent development of 
compounded daily €STR, as well as compounded daily SONIA as an interest reference rate, as 
well as continued development of €STR- and SONIA-linked rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any €STR- and SONIA-linked 
Notes issued under the programme from time to time. 
(x) 
The Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will or could have 
authority to make determinations and elections that could affect the return on, value 
of and market for the Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, €STR-, SOFR- and 
SONIA-linked Notes 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by 
the Issuer, duly competent to act as such and acting independently from the Issuer, may make 
certain determinations, decisions and elections with respect to the interest rate on Floating Rate 
Notes and, in particular, on €STR-, SOFR- and SONIA-linked Notes. The Calculation Agent or such 
entity appointed by the Issuer, duly competent to act as such and acting independently from the 
Issuer, will make any such determination, decision or election in its sole discretion, and any such 
determination, decision or election that the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the Issuer 
makes could affect the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, on 
€STR-, SOFR- and SONIA -linked Notes. For example, in respect of SOFR-linked Notes, if the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date

--- Page 25 ---
23 
have occurred, then the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the Issuer may determine, 
among other things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise of discretion 
by the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the Issuer, under the terms and conditions of 
the Notes, including, without limitation, any discretion exercised by such Calculation Agent or such 
entity appointed by the Issuer, could present a conflict of interest. In making the required 
determinations, decisions and elections, the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the 
Issuer, acting as agent of the Issuer, may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests 
of the holders of the affected Notes, and those determinations, decisions or elections could have a 
material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for the Notes. 
(xi) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision 
of the Issuer at a date specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total 
borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating rate, the rate spread between the fixed 
rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be, at any time, 
lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes and any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
(xii) 
Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
The market values of the Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their nominal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
Any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
4. Risks relating to the Guarantee 
The Guarantee is in the form of a cautionnement solidaire and not a garantie autonome à première 
demande (an autonomous first demand guarantee) and is accordingly subject to certain limitations 
on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws and/or subject to certain defences that may 
limit its validity and enforceability. 
In addition, the Guarantee will apply to any Notes, (i) only if and to the extent that, the proceeds of 
the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or otherwise made available to the 
Guarantor and (ii) at any time (including at the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly 
made pursuant to its terms), only up to the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other availability arrangements. Consequently, 
Noteholders may not know the precise amount covered by the Guarantee upon issuance of the 
Notes. Finally, any amount due by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons, which will eventually

--- Page 26 ---
24 
be paid by the Guarantor to any Noteholder will reduce the aggregate amount covered by the 
Guarantee and the remaining amount may not cover additional amounts called by other 
Noteholders pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee. Please refer to the section “Form of Guarantee 
of M.A.J.” on pages 104 to 109 of this Base Prospectus notably as regards the Guarantee 
limitations. 
Consequently, the Noteholders may not be able to recover amounts due to them by the Issuer 
through the exercise of the Guarantee and the Guarantee limitations referred to above could 
negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 27 ---
25 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference and/or supplements 
thereto from time to time) may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including 
statements with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group’s business strategies, 
expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, 
“anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak 
only as of the date hereof. 
These forward looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Delegated Regulation.

--- Page 28 ---
26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained 
in the following sections which are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
1. Documents related to the Issuer: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
Universal Registration Document for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed with 
the AMF under No. D.23-0179 on 29 March 2023 prepared by the Issuer (the “2022 
Universal Registration Document”) which contains, inter alia, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the statutory auditors report thereon, accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2023/03/29/Elis%20-
%20Document%20d%27enregistrement%20universel%202022_FR.pdf; and 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
Universal Registration Document for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with 
the AMF under No. D.22-0177 on 29 March 2022 prepared by the Issuer (the “2021 
Universal Registration Document”) which contains, inter alia, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the statutory auditors report thereon, accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2022/03/28/Elis_Document%20d%27enre
gistrement%20universel%202021_Format%20PDF.pdf 
2. Documents related to the Guarantor: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2022 audited statutory annual financial statements of the Guarantor (comptes 
annuels audités 2022) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Audited 
Statutory Annual Financial Statements”), accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2023/05/09/MAJ%20-
%20Rapport%20CAC%20sur%20les%20comptes%20annuels%202022.pdf; 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
management report (rapport de gestion) of the Board of Directors to the 
shareholders’ general meeting of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (the “2022 Management Report”), accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2023/05/09/MAJ_rapport%20de%20gestio
n%20comptes%202022_0.pdf; 
(c) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2021 audited statutory annual financial statements of the Guarantor (comptes 
annuels audités 2021) for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Audited 
Statutory Annual Financial Statements”), accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2022/05/10/MAJ%20-
%20Rapport%20CAC%20sur%20les%20comptes%20annuels%202021.pdf; and

--- Page 29 ---
27 
(d) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
management report (rapport de gestion) of the Board of Directors to the 
shareholders’ general meeting of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (the “2021 Management Report”), accessible at: 
 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2022/05/10/MAJ%20-
%20Rapport%20de%20gestion%20du%20conseil%20d%27administration%20su
r%20comptes%202021.pdf. 
3. The section “Terms and conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 30 January 2018 (pages 136 to 172) approved by the AMF under No. 18-031 on 30 
January 2018 (the “EMTN 2018 Conditions”), accessible at: 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2019/12/30/Elis%20-%20EMTN%20-
%20Prospectus%20de%20Base_0.pdf; 
the section “Terms and conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 26 March 2019 (pages 102 to 142) approved by the AMF under No. 19-116 on 26 March 
2019 (the “EMTN 2019 Conditions”), accessible at: 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2019/12/30/Elis%20-%20EMTN%20-
%20Prospectus%20de%20base%202019.pdf; and 
the section “Terms and conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 11 May 2022 (pages 42 to 105) approved by the AMF under No. 22-146 on 11 May 2022 
(the “EMTN 2022 Conditions”), accessible at: 
https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2022/05/12/Elis%20-%20EMTN%202022%20-
%20Prospectus%20de%20base%202022%20-
%20FINAL%20%28incl.%20AMF%20approval%20number%2022-146%29.pdf. 
Such documents and sections shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that (i) any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), and (ii) any statement contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a section which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any section which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
For as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, copies of this 
Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to the 
Notes and any document incorporated by reference therein will be available for viewing on the 
Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business 
hours from Elis, 5, Boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org):

--- Page 30 ---
28 
(a) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on Euronext Paris or any other regulated 
market (for the purposes of MiFID II) in the European Economic Area; and 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any document 
incorporated by reference therein, except for the documents related to the 
Guarantor. 
Free English translations of (i) the 2022 Universal Registration Document, (ii) the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document, (iii) the 2022 Audited Statutory Annual Financial Statements, (iv) the 2022 
Management Report, (v) the 2021 Audited Statutory Annual Financial Statements and (vi) the 2021 
Management Report are available on the website of the Issuer for information purposes only. 
In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and 
what they consist of. 
Furthermore, no information on the website of the Issuer (www.elis.com) nor the website itself forms 
any part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
The cross-reference tables below set out the relevant page references for the information 
incorporated herein by reference. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-incorporated parts of the 
documents referred to in the cross-reference tables below shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and are either covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or not relevant for investors. 
Information incorporated by reference in relation to the Issuer: 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation 
Rule 
 
2022 Universal Registration Document (the “2022 
URD”) 
2021 Universal Registration Document (the “2021 
URD”) 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1. 
 
Names and addresses of the Issuer’s auditors for 
the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a 
professional body). 
2022 URD page 378 
2.2. 
 
If auditors have resigned, been removed or have not 
been re-appointed during the period covered by the 
historical financial information, indicate details if 
material. 
N/A 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1. 
 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the Issuer and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed “Risk 
Factors”. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror or person asking 
for admission to trading on a regulated market, 
2022 URD pages 218 to 229

--- Page 31 ---
29 
taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer 
and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1. 
 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
4.1.1. 
 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
2022 URD page 362 
4.1.2. 
 
Place of registration of the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
2022 URD page 362 
4.1.3. 
 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
2022 URD page 362 
4.1.4. 
 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus 
2022 URD page 362 
4.1.5. 
 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of 
the Issuer’s solvency 
2022 URD pages 249 and 277 
4.1.6. 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the request 
or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating 
process 
2022 URD pages 249 and 309 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. 
 
Principal activities 
 
5.1.1. 
 
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed 
2022 URD pages 3 to 49 
5.1.2. 
 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
N/A 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. 
 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of 
the group and the Issuer’s position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure.  
2022 URD pages 374 to 375 
6.2. 
 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
N/A 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

--- Page 32 ---
30 
9.1. 
 
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
Issuer of the following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that Issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that Issuer: 
2022 URD pages 52 to 53 and 56 to 77 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
9.2. 
 
Administrative, 
Management 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the Issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
2022 URD page 86 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1. 
 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the 
Issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such 
control, and describe the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is not abused 
2022 URD page 368 
10.2. 
 
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Issuer 
2022 URD page 370 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. 
 
Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1. 
Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the Issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of each year. 
2022 URD pages 256 to 334 (consolidated financial 
statements) 
2022 URD pages 335 to 337 (statutory auditors report 
on the consolidated financial statements) 
2022 URD pages 338 to 356 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2022 URD pages 357 to 359 (statutory auditors report 
on the standalone financial statements) 
2021 URD pages 224 to 296 (consolidated financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 297 to 299 (statutory auditors report 
on the consolidated financial statements) 
2021 URD pages 300 to 317 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 318 to 320 (statutory auditors report 
on the standalone financial statements) 
11.1.2. 
Change of accounting reference date 
If the Issuer has changed its accounting reference 
date during the period for which historical financial 
N/A

--- Page 33 ---
31 
information is required, the audited historical 
financial information shall cover at least 24 
months, or the entire period for which the Issuer 
has been in operation, whichever is shorter. 
11.1.3. 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
2022 URD page 263 
2021 URD page 231 
 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable 
the financial statements must be prepared 
according to: 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
(b) a 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
2022 URD page 342 
2021 URD page 304 
 
Otherwise the following information must be 
included in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document 
has 
not 
been 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied 
to the historical financial information; 
(b) immediately following the historical financial 
information a narrative description of the 
differences between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the Issuer in 
preparing its annual financial statements. 
N/A 
11.1.4. 
Where the audited financial information is 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting 
standards, the financial information must include at 
least the following: 
 
 
(a) the balance sheet; 
2022 URD pages 338 to 339 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 300 to 301 (standalone financial 
statements) 
 
(b) the income statement; 
2022 URD page 340 (standalone financial statements) 
2021 URD page 302 (standalone financial statements) 
 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2022 URD pages 341 to 356 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 303 to 317 (standalone financial 
statements)

--- Page 34 ---
32 
11.1.5. 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both own and consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
in 
the 
registration document. 
2022 URD pages 256 to 334 (consolidated financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 224 to 296 (consolidated financial 
statements) 
11.1.6. 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document. 
2022 URD page 258 (consolidated financial statements) 
2022 URD pages 338 and 339 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2021 URD page 226 (consolidated financial statements) 
2021 URD pages 300 and 301 (standalone financial 
statements) 
11.2. 
 
Auditing of historical financial information  
 
11.2.1. 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014. 
2022 URD pages 335 to 337 (consolidated financial 
statements) 
2022 URD pages 357 to 359 (standalone financial 
statements) 
2021 URD pages 297 to 299 (consolidated financial 
statements 
2021 URD pages 318 to 320 (standalone financial 
statements) 
 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which 
auditing standards have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures 
from International Standards on Auditing. 
N/A 
11.2.1.a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
2021 URD page 318 (standalone financial statements) 
11.3. 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
 
11.3.1. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on the Issuer 
and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
2022 URD pages 227 to 229 and 304 to 307

--- Page 35 ---
33 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1. 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
2022 URD page 373 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference in relation to the Guarantor: 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation 
Rule 
 
2022 Universal Registration Document of the 
Issuer (the “2022 URD”) 
2022 Audited Statutory Annual Financial 
Statements and Auditor Report (the “2022 ASAFS”) 
2022 Management Report (the “2022 MR”) 
2021 Audited Statutory Annual Financial 
Statements and Auditor Report (the “2021 ASAFS”) 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1. 
 Names and addresses of the issuer’s auditors for the 
period covered by the historical financial information 
(together with their membership in a professional 
body). 
2022 MR page 14 
2022 ASAFS pages 1 and 4 of the statutory auditor 
report on the financial statements 
2.2. 
 If auditors have resigned, been removed or have not 
been re-appointed during the period covered by the 
historical financial information, indicate details if 
material. 
N/A 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1. 
 A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the Guarantor and that may affect the Guarantor’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in 
a limited number of categories, in a section headed 
“Risk Factors”. 
2022 URD pages 218 to 229 
2022 MR page 4 
 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Guarantor, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative impact on 
the 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
probability 
of 
their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk factors 
shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
4.1. 
 History and development of the Guarantor

--- Page 36 ---
34 
4.1.5. 
Any recent events particular to the Guarantor and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Guarantor’s solvency  
2022 ASAFS page 7 of the financial statements 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. 
Principal activities 
 
5.1.1. 
A brief description of the Guarantor’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed 
2022 ASAFS page 6 of the financial statements 
2022 MR pages 1 and 4 to 7 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. 
 If the Guarantor is part of a group, a brief description 
of the group and the Guarantor’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied 
by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure.  
2022 MR pages 1 and 4 to 8 
2022 URD pages 374 and 375 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.2. 
 A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Guarantor, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the 
Guarantor 
2022 URD page 370 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GUARANTOR’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. 
 Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1. 
Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the Guarantor has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of each 
year. 
2022 ASAFS pages 1 to 4 (statutory auditor report on 
the financial statements) 
2022 ASAFS pages 1 to 32 (financial statements) 
2021 ASAFS pages 1 to 4 (statutory auditor’s report on 
the financial statements) 
2021 ASAFS pages 1 to 37 (financial statements) 
11.1.2. 
Change of accounting reference date 
If the Guarantor has changed its accounting 
reference date during the period for which 
historical financial information is required, the 
audited historical financial information shall cover 
at least 24 months, or the entire period for which 
the Guarantor has been in operation, whichever is 
shorter. 
N/A 
11.1.3. 
Accounting standards 
 
 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
N/A 
 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable 
the financial statements must be prepared 
according to: 
2022 ASAFS page 8 of the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS page 9 of the financial statements

--- Page 37 ---
35 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
(b) a 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
 
Otherwise the following information must be 
included in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document 
has 
not 
been 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied 
to the historical financial information; 
(b) immediately following the historical financial 
information a narrative description of the 
differences between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting 
principles 
adopted 
by 
the 
Guarantor in preparing its annual financial 
statements. 
N/A 
11.1.4. 
Where the audited financial information is 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting 
standards, the financial information must include at 
least the following: 
 
 
(a) 
the balance sheet; 
2022 ASAFS pages 2 to 3 of the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS pages 2 to 3 of the financial statements 
 
(b) 
the income statement; 
2022 ASAFS page 4 of the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS page 4 of the financial statements 
 
(c) 
the accounting policies and explanatory 
notes. 
2022 ASAFS pages 5 to 32 of the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS pages 5 to 37 of the financial statements 
11.1.6. 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document. 
2022 ASAFS page 2 of the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS page 2 of the financial statements 
11.2. 
 Auditing of historical financial information 
 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014. 
2022 ASAFS pages 1 to 4 of the statutory auditor report 
on the financial statements 
2021 ASAFS pages 1 to 4 of the statutory auditor report 
on the financial statements 
11.2.1.a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or 
N/A

--- Page 38 ---
36 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
11.2.2. 
An indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
11.2.3. 
Where financial data in the registration document is 
not extracted from the Guarantor’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and state 
that the data is unaudited. 
N/A 
11.3. 
 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on the issuer 
and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
2022 URD pages 227 to 229 and 304 to 307 
 
Investors should when reading the information incorporated by reference take into account the 
“Recent Events” section of this Base Prospectus which may modify or supersede the information 
incorporated by reference. 
The EMTN 2018 Conditions, the EMTN 2019 Conditions and EMTN 2022 Conditions are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes 
to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued pursuant to EMTN 
2018 Conditions, EMTN 2019 Conditions or EMTN 2022 Conditions. 
 
EMTN PREVIOUS CONDITIONS 
EMTN 2022 Conditions 
Pages 42 to 105 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
11 May 2022 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 102 to 142 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 26 March 2019 
EMTN 2018 Conditions 
Pages 136 to 172 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 30 January 2018

--- Page 39 ---
37 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion 
would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a restated Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and, as such, will be 
submitted to the AMF for the purposes of obtaining its approval thereon.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or 
Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.  
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or substantially in, the 
form set out in the Schedules to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised 
Bearer Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Exchange Date for such

--- Page 41 ---
39 
Temporary Global Certificate may be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Bearer Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to 
the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be 
endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) dated 11 May 2023 has been agreed between 
Elis (the “Issuer”), M.A.J. (the “Guarantor”), Uptevia as fiscal agent and the other agents named 
in it in relation to the Programme. 
A make-whole call calculation agency agreement dated 11 May 2023 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Make-Whole Call Calculation Agency Agreement”) has 
been agreed between the Issuer and Conv-Ex Advisors Limited as make-whole call calculation 
agent when Condition 7(c) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make-Whole 
Call Calculation Agent”). 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the 
calculation agent(s) and the registration agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent”, the “Calculation Agent(s)” 
and the “Registration Agent”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case 
of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
 
“day” means a calendar day; and 
 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.

--- Page 43 ---
41 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Final Terms”), in (x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case 
they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined 
below), or (y) registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, 
at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts 
of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders 
or in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Registration Agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, according 
to Article L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time 
request from the central depositary identification information of holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the 
case may be, email address of such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means 
any financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking SA (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Article L. 211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities 
(such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must 
be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) or such higher amount in such currency as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any 
applicable laws or regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only.

--- Page 44 ---
42 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-
3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or 
its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears 
in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the 
case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and (iii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who 
appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in 
such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the 
applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, 
without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty 
(30) days’ notice in accordance with Condition 16 and on or after the date on which 
the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of 
the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the 
“Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in

--- Page 45 ---
43 
either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate nominal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred 
to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the nominal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the nominal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The 
Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. Any balance remaining from the redenomination 
with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to 
the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 15, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 15 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests 
of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses 
in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche,

--- Page 46 ---
44 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R. 211-4 of the Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised 
Notes may not be exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3. 
GUARANTEE 
The Notes will upon their issue be guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a joint and 
several guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the issue date of 
such Notes (the “Guarantee”). The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees 
the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes and Coupons issued by it and in accordance with the terms and conditions and 
subject to the guarantee limitations set out in the Guarantee. The obligations of the 
Guarantor in this respect arise pursuant to the guarantee agreement set out in the section 
entitled “Form of Guarantee of M.A.J.” of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND OF THE GUARANTEE 
4.1 
Status of Notes 
The principal and interest on the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will at all times rank pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations 
and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
4.2 
Status of the Guarantee in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer 
The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.2) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will at all 
times rank pari passu (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future similar guarantees granted by the 
Guarantor. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
5.1 
Issuer 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will ensure that 
none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) or Future Material Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) will grant any Security Interest (as defined below) over any of their 
respective assets, rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (as 
defined below) incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(whether before or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or 
(y) are given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution in each case in accordance with Condition 12. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Future Material Subsidiary” means any Person which becomes, whether by the 
acquisition of share capital or otherwise, after the date of issue of the Notes, a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer whose turnover (chiffre d’affaires) and EBITDA exceeds twenty-five per cent 
(25%) of the consolidated turnover and EBITDA of the Issuer. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Material Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose EBITDA exceeds five per 
cent. (5%) of the consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer (taking into account on a stand-alone 
basis first those members of the Group with the highest percentage of EBITDA) such that 
the aggregate EBITDA of all Material Subsidiaries represent at least 80% of the EBITDA 
of the Group. 
For the purpose of the definitions of Material Subsidiary and Future Material Subsidiary, (i) 
EBITDA is defined as EBIT before depreciation and amortization net of the portion of grants 
transferred to income and (ii) EBIT is defined as net income (loss) before net financial 
expense, income tax, share in income of equity-accounted companies, amortization of 
customer relationships, goodwill impairment, other operating income and expenses, 
miscellaneous financial items (bank fees recognized in operating income) and expenses 
related to IFRS 2 (share-based payments). 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other 
than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in 
respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised

--- Page 48 ---
46 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8(a), (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 8(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent 
as provided in Conditions 8(b) and 8(c) and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes 
are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of 
which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of 
ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to 
approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on 
behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding. 
“Person” includes any company, corporation, firm, partnership or joint venture. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (titres de créance, 
excluding for the avoidance of doubt, titres de créances négociables) which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, multilateral trading facility, over-the-counter market or other securities 
market (excluding any securitization or similar financing arrangement of any present or 
future assets, commercial debts, receivables or revenues). 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security 
interest (sûreté réelle) including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the 
foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by 
it within the meaning of Article L. 233-3, I and II of the French Code de commerce. 
5.2 
Guarantor 
The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee have been 
paid, it will not grant any Security Interest over any of its assets, rights or revenues, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Debt incurred or guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether 
before or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or 
(y) are given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution in each case in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
6. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained (i) 
in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments, as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) published 
by the Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) (together, as amended and updated as at 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, the “FBF Master 
Agreement”), and (ii) in the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), have either been used or reproduced in this 
Condition 6: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, 
to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (i) above has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; 
or  
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent 
Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a determined interest period in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor

--- Page 50 ---
48 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which 
would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will 
be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, such public 
statement will not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in the relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference 
Rate is permanently or indefinitely discontinued or prohibited or will be deemed no longer 
representative. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) or any successor thereto (the 
“T2”) is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency other than euro, a day 
which is a T2 Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency and/or one or more 
Business Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business 
Centre(s)”) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) 
so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”):

--- Page 51 ---
49 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 — FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year 
in each case where 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 52 ---
50 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2


















360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 53 ---
51 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time”, “Relevant Currency” and “Relevant 
Screen Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement, as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 54 ---
52 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the principal office of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
be EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR or such other rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable; or

--- Page 55 ---
53 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) 
on each Interest Payment Date or, if “SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT 
DELAY” (as defined below) is applicable, on each Delayed Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) or Delayed Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day

--- Page 56 ---
54 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to 
either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux 
Variable), “Calculation Agent” (Agent), “Floating Rate Determination 
Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” 
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the

--- Page 57 ---
55 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in 
the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be 
determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
III. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph 6(c)(iii)(C)I applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if

--- Page 58 ---
56 
sub-paragraph 6(c)(iii)(C)II applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
IV. 
if paragraph (III) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined 
as 
at 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a

--- Page 59 ---
57 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(b) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the €STR rate of interest 
determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined could be either €STR Lookback 
Compound or €STR Shift Compound as follow: 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND 
plus 
or 
minus 
(as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 60 ---
58 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for 
the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period 
specified in the Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of T2 Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of T2 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR in respect of 
that T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological

--- Page 61 ---
59 
order from (and including) the first T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such T2 Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) 
the following T2 Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling a number of T2 Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of T2 Business Days equal to number of the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
T2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined 
below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business Day shall be 
the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
T2 Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate 
of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party, duly competent and acting independently from 
the Issuer, responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for 
each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a 
later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended 
Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR for each 
relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in ease case, substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting independently 
from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to 
this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b), including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the 
Calculation Agent's (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 63 ---
61 
Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b), if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR available, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which 
rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
duly competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator

--- Page 64 ---
62 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank 
for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and 
the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the 
Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended 
before the end of the first T2 Business Day 
following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or

--- Page 65 ---
63 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the ECB Recommended Rate 
and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing 
costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or 
before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the 
T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
or on behalf of the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or the publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
€STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of 
€STR, which states that the administrator of 
€STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR;

--- Page 66 ---
64 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
 “Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; and 
 “Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of 
the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or 
any successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank. 
(c) 
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms 
in the respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound, SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay or SOFR Index Average as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR 
rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), where the SOFR rate 
on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in 
the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z)  
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest of each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
(xx) if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be

--- Page 67 ---
65 
SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT DELAY plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-
AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, 
duly competent to act as such and acting independently from the 
Issuer, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark 
Transition 
Event 
and 
its 
related 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In 
connection 
with 
the 
implementation 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Replacement, the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the 
Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or such entity 
appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner or such entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other 
party.  
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c), if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and the Benchmark Replacement will be 
SOFR determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the 
first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 69 ---
67 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SOFRi” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of this U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SOFRi for the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting independently 
from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date that is

--- Page 70 ---
68 
a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date that is a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR in respect of this U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
“SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT DELAY” means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Delayed Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates 
occurring the number of Business Days equal to the Interest 
Payment Delay following each Interest Period Date; 
provided that the Delayed Interest Payment Date with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, the Redemption Date;

--- Page 71 ---
69 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” shall be the 
Interest Period Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
and 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR 
in respect of that day “i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Lookback Compound, 
SOFR Shift Compound, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
or SOFR Index Average with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the period from and including the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in 
respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting independently 
from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date 
that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (an “Index 
Determination Date”);

--- Page 72 ---
70 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that 
is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“SOFR” below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any 
relevant Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall 
be calculated, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the “USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” 
shall mean two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service. 
“Margin” means the margin (if any) as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s website” means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (the “NY Federal Reserve”), currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY 
Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service.  
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:  
(i) 
(1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day that 
appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the NY Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as 
such rate is reported on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
such rate is not reported on the Relevant Screen Page, as 
such rate is published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website 
on such immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; (2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not 
so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s website for the first preceding

--- Page 73 ---
71 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s website; 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
for 
the 
applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent or such 
entity appointed by the Issuer as the replacement 
for 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
giving 
due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website. 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, 
then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order presented in clause (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can 
be determined by the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by 
the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date.

--- Page 74 ---
72 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Calculation 
Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions and other administrative matters) that the Calculation 
Agent or such entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the Issuer decide that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that 
no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed 
by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary).  
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof, where applicable):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or

--- Page 75 ---
73 
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
or 
(iii) in the case of paragraph (iv) of the definition of 
Benchmark Transition Event, the date of such Benchmark 
Transition Event; 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of 
information as referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or 
circumstance referred to in such a public statement or publication 
occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant 
public statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event 
shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior 
to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor of the Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if

--- Page 76 ---
74 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), announcing that either the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is no longer 
representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being 
used or (iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
relevant Notes; or 
(iv) 
the Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for five (5) consecutive Business 
Days, provided that if the Benchmark is SOFR, then SOFR 
(or such component) is not published by its administrator (or 
a successor administrator) for five (5) consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or any successor. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event according to 
(and as defined in) the ISDA Definitions, where such rate may have 
been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but without giving effect to any 
additional spread adjustment to be applied according to such ISDA 
Definitions. 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that shall have 
been selected by ISDA as the spread adjustment that would apply 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Calculation Agent or such entity appointed by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board

--- Page 77 ---
75 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
therero.  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD” means 
any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the applicable Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment.  
(d) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest 
determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”, in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback 
Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily 
overnight reference) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, duly competent and acting independently from the Issuer, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where:

--- Page 78 ---
76 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking 
Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in 
respect of the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily 
overnight reference) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, duly competent and acting independently from the Issuer, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 79 ---
77 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 80 ---
78 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day 
“i”.  
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen 
Page”) or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) 
shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes 
for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, duly competent and acting independently from the Issuer, 
as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant

--- Page 81 ---
79 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and 
excluding, the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent's (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and acting 
independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial 
and reasonable manner and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d), 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), no SONIA Replacement Rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, duly competent and 
acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), and the SONIA Replacement Rate for the relevant

--- Page 82 ---
80 
Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last SONIA available on 
the SONIA Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, duly competent and acting independently from the Issuer, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(D) 
Benchmark Event 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate and Screen 
Rate Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply and 
shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C), 
provided that this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) shall not apply when €STR, SOFR 
or SONIA is the applicable Reference Rate. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a) 
shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
independent expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, duly 
competent and acting independently from the Issuer, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii)  
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant

--- Page 83 ---
81 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) and the 
Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such 
information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by one 
authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) 
the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate 
and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments as determined by

--- Page 84 ---
82 
the Independent Adviser in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed that 
the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. For the sake of clarity, where, in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms, a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, and notwithstanding the fact that the 
Rate of Interest shall remain the one determined in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period as indicated above, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D) (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless 
and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.

--- Page 85 ---
83 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the 
then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure 
that the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original Reference Rate. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date 
set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. 
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 7(f)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall 
be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) 
shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be

--- Page 86 ---
84 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save 
in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption 
Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts 
in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount pursuant to Condition 7(c), which shall be determined by the Make-Whole Call 
Calculation Agent), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market 
so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 5.1). If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank engaged in the interbank market to 
act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of 
the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as

--- Page 87 ---
85 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 7(c), which shall be determined by the Make-
Whole Call Calculation Agent), as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its 
nominal amount), together with any interest accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Call Option: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject 
to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 16 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with any interest accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Call Option: If a Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their Maturity 
Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior 
to their Residual Maturity Call Option Start Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
(each such date on which the Notes are so redeemed, a “Make-Whole Redemption Date”, 
which date shall be specified in the notice of redemption as aforesaid) at a price per 
relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes equal (subject as provided below in the case 
of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes) their Make-Whole Redemption

--- Page 88 ---
86 
Amount (as defined below), together any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of each relevant Specified 
Denomination of the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(c) an amount, 
calculated by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(x) 100 per cent. of the outstanding nominal amount per each relevant Specified 
Denomination of the Notes so redeemed; and, 
(y) the sum (rounded to the nearest cent of the relevant Specified Currency (with half a 
cent being rounded upwards)) of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest per each relevant Specified Denomination of such Notes 
until the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, until the Residual Maturity Call Option Start Date, and assuming for this 
purpose, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Notes would otherwise be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the Residual Maturity 
Call Option Start Date pursuant to Condition 7(d)) (not including any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date (in accordance with applicable market conventions 
and on a basis which is consistent with the calculation of interest as set out in Condition 6) 
at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
“Redemption Rate” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the average 
(rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) 
of such number quotations as are available by the Reference Dealers (or, if only one such 
quotation is available, such quotation) of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, if the Reference Security is 
no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the third (3rd) 
business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, all as determined by the Make-
Whole Call Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Dealers” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the 
three banks selected by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Similar Security” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the then 
outstanding benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant related entity) of the 
Reference Bond that (i) (to the extent there is any relevant market for new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual 
Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Start Date)) would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Residual Maturity Call Option Start Date)), or (ii) (where (i) 
does not apply) has the maturity date falling nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual 
Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Start Date)), all as determined by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent and

--- Page 89 ---
87 
notified (promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
16. 
The Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount and any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date will be notified (promptly 
following the determination of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount) by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders 
of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances and taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange requirements on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements on which the 
Notes are admitted to trading. 
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(c) shall be deemed void and of 
no effect in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the 
Issuer, the relevant Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such 
Note in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
The Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent shall act solely as agent of the Issuer and shall 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for, and shall not be liable (to the fullest 
extent permitted by law) as against, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Make-Whole Call 
Calculation Agent, provided that the Issuer shall procure that, in relation to any Note in 
respect of which a Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, there 
shall at all times be a Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent and for so long as such Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 5). If the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent fails duly to 
determine any rate or amount specified to be determined by it in this Condition 7(c), or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm with appropriate expertise to act as such in its place. Subject as provided in 
the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agency Agreement, the Make-Whole Call Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders, at 
any time on or after the Residual Maturity Call Option Start Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity 
Date, until the Maturity Date, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early

--- Page 90 ---
88 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (which date shall be specified in 
the notice of redemption as aforesaid). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest 
accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paris Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(f) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(g) or 
Condition 7(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(g) or Condition 7(k) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have

--- Page 91 ---
89 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(e). Where such 
calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(g) or Condition 7(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of, French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons (assuming, in the case of the Guarantee, that a payment thereunder were 
required to be made on any such date) or, where applicable (if it were called) under 
the Guarantee, not be able to make such payment without having to pay Additional 
Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 9 below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with any interest accrued but unpaid to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears 
of interest) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee) 
would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons (assuming, in the case of the Guarantee, that a payment thereunder were 
required to be made on any such date) be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts 
then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay Additional Amounts 
contained in Condition 9 below, then the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then

--- Page 92 ---
90 
outstanding at their Redemption Amount, together with any interest accrued but 
unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, 
any arrears of interest) on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons, 
or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility 
of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
the event that at least 80 per cent of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the 
same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15) or any other 
percentage higher than 80 per cent as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-
Up Percentage”) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and 
cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with any interest accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption (which date shall be specified in the notice of redemption as aforesaid). 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and (where 
applicable) the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market 
of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a 
list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French 
law becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform

--- Page 93 ---
91 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to 
having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any 
interest accrued but unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (which date 
shall be specified in the notice of redemption as aforesaid) (including, where applicable, 
any arrears of interest). 
(l) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of 
Control: 
If a Change of Control occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the 
Put Date (as defined below) at their nominal amount together with interest accrued up to 
but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in 
case of Change of Control”) shall operate as set out below. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Change of Control, the circumstances giving 
rise to the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this 
Condition. 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes 
to be so redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the 
Issuer a duly completed redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control 
Put Notice”), in which such Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to 
be made under this paragraph, within the period (the “Put Period”) of sixty (60) days after 
a Change of Control Notice is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer 
written notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control of which it is aware and (ii) the 
Issuer fails to give a Change of Control Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of 
the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which 
case the Put Period will start from such third (3rd) Business Day and will end on the day 
falling sixty (60) days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem, 
or procure purchase for, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of 
Control has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the 
Notes, on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period 
(the “Put Date”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Change of Control Put Notice. 
For the purpose of this Condition, “Change of Control” means any individual or legal entity 
acting alone or several individuals or legal entities acting in concert, acquires the control of 
the Issuer, it being specified that the notion of “control” shall mean the fact of holding 
(directly or indirectly through the intermediary of companies themselves controlled by the 
individuals or legal entities concerned) (x) the majority of the voting rights attached to the 
shares or (y) more than 40 per cent. of such voting rights if no other shareholder of the 
Issuer, acting alone or in concert, holds (directly or indirectly through the intermediary of

--- Page 94 ---
92 
companies controlled by this or these shareholders) a greater percentage of voting rights 
than the percentage held. 
8. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
(including under the Guarantee) shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer 
form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in 
the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form) to 
an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France 
Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes (including under the Guarantee) shall be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed 
to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer 
Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof (including under the 
Guarantee) may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in 
the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Guarantor, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 9 or paragraph 7(c) of the Guarantee, as the case may be. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially 
appointed under the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and their respective

--- Page 95 ---
93 
specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of each 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case 
such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration 
Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in one major European city and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described 
in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of 
interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such 
Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.

--- Page 96 ---
94 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such 
Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date 
for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment 
of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest if applicable) shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In 
this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a 
bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal or interest and other assimilated revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer (or, as applicable, the Guarantor, with regard to the Guarantee) 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.

--- Page 97 ---
95 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest 
and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon or 
payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer or the Guarantor, will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or 
Couponholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon;  
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in respect of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day; or 
(iii) 
Where such withholding or deduction is imposed as part of France’s 
implementation of an intergovernmental treaty implementing Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
in the case of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(g)) or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in 
these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any Noteholder may, by written notice sent to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, 
require that all the Notes held by such Noteholder be redeemed at a price equal to their 
nominal amount, if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs:

--- Page 98 ---
96 
(i) 
default by the Issuer in payment of any amount, when due, on any Note (including 
the payment of any Additional Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under 
Condition 9 above), or default by the Guarantor in any payment when due under 
the Guarantee and the continuance of any such default for a period of twenty (20) 
days starting from the date on which payment is due; or 
(ii) 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes or 
default by the Guarantor in the due performance of any provision of the Guarantee, 
if such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, of the written notice of default given 
to the Fiscal Agent by the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
(i) default in payment with respect to any present or future indebtedness for 
borrowed monies of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of one hundred (100) million euro (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) once this indebtedness is due and payable, within any 
applicable grace period as the case may be; or (ii) any indebtedness for borrowed 
monies, present or future, of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of one hundred (100) million euro (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) is declared due and payable or shall become due and payable 
as a result of a default; or (iii) default in payment of an amount in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of one hundred (100) million euro with respect to any 
security interest granted by the Issuer or by any of its Material Subsidiaries, in 
guarantee of an indebtedness for borrowed monies, when this amount is due and 
payable with respect to this guarantee; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, as part of a preventive or collective 
insolvency proceeding, (i) enters into a mutual agreement with its creditors (accord 
amiable), (ii) is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire), (iii) a judgment is rendered for a transfer of the whole business of the 
Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, or (iv) to the extent permitted by law, is 
subject to any analogous preventive or collective insolvency proceeding under any 
applicable law; or 
(v) 
dissolution, liquidation, merger, scission or absorption of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or if the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or announces to cease to carry 
on the whole of its business or substantially the whole of its business, except (i) in 
case of a dissolution, liquidation, merger, scission or absorption, at the end of 
which the whole or substantially the whole of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
business and all the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s undertakings with respect to the 
Notes, are transferred and assumed by any other succeeding legal person or (ii) 
in case of transfer, contribution, scission or any other type of disposal of all or part 
of the Guarantor’s business to the Issuer in one or several transaction(s). 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 99 ---
97 
12. 
MEETING AND VOTING PROVISIONS 
I. 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of 
Noteholders of all Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the 
Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, 
and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution has 
been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5.1 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in 
paragraph (v) below passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with 
the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (v) below or (y) by a 
Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (vi) (A) below; 
and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 80 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic 
Consent.  
II. 
General 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below provisions of this Condition. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce 
with the exception of Article R. 228-69 subject to the following provisions:  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the “Representative”) and in part 
through a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, 
shall exercise the common rights, actions and benefits which now 
or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
98 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any 
nationality. However, the following persons may not be chosen as 
Representatives: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Management Board 
(Directoire) 
and 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Conseil 
de 
surveillance), its statutory auditors, or its employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(B) 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of 
the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general 
managers, members of their Board of Directors (Conseil 
d’administration), Management Board (Directoire or 
Comité de Direction), or Supervisory Board (Conseil de 
surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouse; or 
(C) 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share 
capital of the Issuer or companies having 10 per cent. or 
more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or 
who have been deprived of the right of directing, 
administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the 
Masse and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in 
connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by 
another Representative. In the event of the death, retirement or 
revocation of appointment of such alternate Representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the 
name and address of the Representative and the alternate 
Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 101 ---
99 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the 
contrary of the General Meeting) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them 
must be brought by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of 
the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by 
the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least 
one-thirtieth of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in 
Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting 
will be published as provided under Condition 16 not less than 
fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such General Meeting. Each 
Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, by correspondence or by videoconference or by 
any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification 
of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes 
issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in 
respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the nominal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that 
relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or 
in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including 
authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or 
defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal 
relating to the modification of the Conditions including any 
proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being 
specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the

--- Page 102 ---
100 
liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal 
treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert 
Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only 
if Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth of the 
Notes carrying voting rights. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-
thirds majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such 
General Meetings or represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate in General 
Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, 
Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. 
(vi) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce, in respect of any Series of Dematerialised 
Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of 
convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to 
Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way 
of 
electronic 
communication 
allowing 
the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution 
(including by way of Electronic Consent) will be published 
as provided under Condition 16 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution 
(the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the 
conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by 
the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection 
of 
such 
proposed 
Written 
Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before 
the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose 
of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
(vii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and 
whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic 
Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or 
Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the resolution accordingly. 
(viii) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, 
during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General 
Meeting and Written Resolution Date, to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of 
which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any 
of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(ix) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding 
of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, 
more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the 
General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being 
expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(x) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved 
any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iii)(D). 
13. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given 
to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in

--- Page 104 ---
102 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and 
Consolidation Agents from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the 
Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in 
all respects save for the nominal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the 
relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from 
time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date 
on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the 
Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not 
originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other 
Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes. 
16. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be 
valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they 
will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published 
(a) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a daily leading 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they 
are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times), or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent 
authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to 
trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper

--- Page 105 ---
103 
of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they 
are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange so require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation (i) in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 16. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian 
to the operations of which the Notes are admitted in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by Conditions 16(a), (b) and (c) above; except that (i) so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall 
also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading 
is located, and (ii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General 
Meetings as well as notices seeking approval of a Written Resolution and such Written 
Resolution itself pursuant to Condition 12 shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon 
notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary 
or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected 
with the Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Guarantee 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons or the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee may be brought before any 
competent court located in Nanterre.

--- Page 106 ---
104 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF M.A.J.3 
1. M.A.J., a limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
France, having its registered office at 31 Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer, 93500 Pantin, 
France, registered with the Trade and Company Registry of Bobigny under number 775 
733 835 (the “Guarantor”), making express reference to (i) the EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “EMTN Programme”) established by Elis, a limited 
liability company with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board (société anonyme à 
directoire et conseil de surveillance) incorporated under the laws of France, having its 
registered office at 5 boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France, and registered 
with the Trade and Company Registry of Nanterre under number 499 668 440 as issuer 
(the “Issuer”) pursuant to the base prospectus dated 11 May 2023 which has been 
approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers on 11 May 2023 under No. 23-151, as 
supplemented from time to time (the “Base Prospectus”), (ii) the final terms dated [●] (the 
“Final Terms”) of [●] [insert description of notes] Notes due [●] issued by the Issuer under 
the EMTN Programme (such Series [●] Tranche [●] Notes, together with the notes of any 
other Tranche of Series [●] issued on or after the date of this Guarantee and grouped in 
the same Masse as Tranche 1 of such Series [●] pursuant to Condition 12 (Meeting and 
Voting Provisions), being referred to as the “Notes”) and (iii) the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms and the 
relevant Final Terms issued in respect of any other Tranche(s) of Series [●] (together the 
“Conditions”), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees (the “Guarantee”), as 
joint and several guarantor (caution solidaire), to the holders of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders”), the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and payable by the 
Issuer under the Notes and Coupons (the “Guaranteed Obligations”) issued by the Issuer 
in order to secure, in case of default of payment of by the Issuer of any of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, the full and punctual performance and discharge of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof and subject to the 
guarantee limitations set out in paragraph 8 below. 
2.  
(a) The Guarantor: 
 
waives irrevocably and expressly its rights of discussion and division (bénéfice 
de discussion and bénéfice de division) as specified in Articles 2305 to 2306 
of the French Code civil and its rights under Article 2309 of the French Code 
civil without any prejudice of its rights to produce its claim against the Issuer in 
any insolvency proceedings provided for in the French Code de commerce. 
The Guarantor thus undertakes to pay any Noteholder without having any right 
to require the Noteholder to pursue the Issuer beforehand; 
 
waives its rights under Article 2320 of the French Code civil;  
                                                     
3 
Cautionnement solidaire is a type of a guarantee governed by Article 2288 et seq. of the French Code civil. The 
guarantor’s liability is contingent upon the primary obligor’s own liability. It must be distinguished from the other main 
form of guarantee under French law, the “first demand guarantee” (garantie à première demande) under which the 
guarantor assumes a direct and independent obligation to pay the creditors on demand. The contingent nature of the 
cautionnement has a number of important consequences. These include the fact that the Guarantor is only liable 
under the guarantee if, and to the extent that, the primary debtor is itself liable under the guaranteed obligations.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
undertakes not to invoke any deadline, or any other measure that could be 
imposed on the creditors of the Issuer in the context of any insolvency 
proceedings; 
 
waives the right, until the complete discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations, 
to initiate any action, recourse (including personal recourse provided for by 
Article 2308 of the French Code Civil) or other right (including subrogation) that 
it could have under the Guarantee against the Issuer; 
(b) The Guarantor will remain bound by its undertakings under this Guarantee 
notwithstanding any alterations in the relations between the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
3. The Guarantor’s obligations as a caution solidaire under this Guarantee shall be 
irrevocable and unconditional, shall take effect as from the date hereof and shall continue 
to be in full force and effect until the earlier of: 
(a) the date on which the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been fully and finally 
discharged by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, which should be in 
particular (x) the date of maturity of the Notes as stated in the Conditions or, in case of 
extension or renewal of the Notes, the extended maturity date of the Notes, or (y) in 
case of acceleration or early redemption, any date prior to the maturity date of the 
Notes on which all the Notes would have been fully and irrevocably redeemed by the 
Issuer so that none of the Notes remains outstanding and all sums due under the Notes 
and the Coupons have been fully paid and discharged; or 
(b) the date of the notification by the Representative (as defined below) of a release of the 
Guarantee in a letter stating that the Guarantor is fully discharged from all of its 
obligations under the Guarantee as of the date of such letter. 
4. Acceptance of this Guarantee by the Noteholders will result from the mere subscription or 
subsequent acquisition of the Notes, it being specified that the main characteristics of this 
Guarantee, and in particular the Guarantee Limitations, are described in paragraph 8. 
5. All notices and demands relating to this Guarantee, and in particular the calling of this 
Guarantee, will be deemed effective if delivered to the Guarantor by the representative of 
the Masse of the Noteholders, designated in the Conditions (the “Representative”), acting 
upon request of any Noteholders it being specified that (x) the Paying agent designated in 
the Conditions (the “Paying Agent”) shall inform the Representative by written notice in 
compliance with paragraph 13 (the “Default Notice”) every time the Issuer does not pay 
any amounts in cash (in principal or interests) under any Guaranteed Obligation when it is 
due and payable and does not remedy such payment default within a period of twenty (20) 
business days after the date such amount has become due and payable (the “Grace 
Period”), (y) the Paying Agent shall indicate in the Default Notice the amount due and 
payable by the Issuer, the expiry of the Grace Period and the correlative absence of remedy 
of such payment default within this Grace Period, and its bank account details on which 
any amount to be paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be credited, should the 
Guarantee be implemented by the Representative.  
6. Subject to the Guarantee Limitations and to the provisions hereof, the Guarantee may be 
called by written notice, in compliance with paragraph 13, by the Representative to the

--- Page 108 ---
106 
Guarantor, with a copy to the Issuer and to the Paying Agent, and shall indicate that (the 
“Payment Notice”): 
 
the Issuer has failed to comply with one or several Guaranteed Obligations; 
 
the Issuer has not remedied to such payment default within the Grace Period;  
 
the amount of the cash payment amount which should correlatively be made by 
the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee, based on the information provided by 
the Paying Agent in the Default Notice and the number of Notes held by the 
Noteholders having requested the call of the Guarantee and subject to the 
Guarantee Limitations (the “Requested Sum”), which Requested Sum shall be 
paid by the Guarantor only up to the Maximum Guaranteed Amount; and  
 
the bank account details indicated by the Paying Agent in the Default Notice, on 
which the payment by the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee shall be made, it 
being specified that any payment to be made by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee shall be paid to the Paying Agent acting on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholders.  
7.  
(a) All sums paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee will be paid in the same currency 
as the corresponding Guaranteed Obligations, without any right of set-off granted to 
the Guarantor as provided under Article 1347-6 of the French Code civil vis-à-vis the 
Noteholders. 
(b) All amounts to be paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be credited within 
five (5) business days after receipt by the Guarantor of the Payment Notice by wire 
transfer on the bank account of the Paying Agent indicated by the Representative in 
the Payment Notice. 
(c) All costs, including any taxes which are applicable or due, incurred in connection with 
this Guarantee and its enforcement shall be borne by the Issuer. 
8. The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under this Guarantee will be limited as 
follows (the “Guarantee Limitations”): 
(a) The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be limited, 
at any time, to the Guaranteed Obligations in an amount not to exceed the aggregate 
of the proceeds from the Notes which the Issuer has applied for the direct benefit of 
the Guarantor (and/or its direct and indirect subsidiaries) through intercompany loans 
and cash pooling arrangements (if any) and outstanding at the date a payment is to be 
made by the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee (the “Maximum Guaranteed 
Amount”). It is specified that any payment made by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall automatically reduce pro 
tanto the outstanding amount of the intercompany loans or cash pooling arrangements 
due by the Guarantor (or its relevant direct or indirect subsidiary) to the Issuer under 
the intercompany loan arrangements and cash pooling arrangements referred to above 
and that any repayment of the intercompany loans or cash pooling arrangements by 
the Guarantor (or its relevant direct or indirect subsidiary) shall automatically reduce

--- Page 109 ---
107 
pro tanto the amount payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, in accordance 
with the provisions hereof;  
(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not incur 
liabilities under this Guarantee which would result in the Guarantor not complying with 
French financial assistance rules as set out in Article L. 225-216 of the French Code 
de commerce in connection with the subscription, or acquisition or refinancing of the 
acquisition of its shares or the shares of its parent companies and/or would constitute 
a misuse of corporate assets or powers within the meaning of Articles L. 241-3 or L. 
242-6 of the French Code de commerce or any other laws or regulations having the 
same effect, as interpreted by French courts. 
9. The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 10 below) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank and 
will at all times rank pari passu (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
French law) equally and rateably with other present or future similar guarantees granted 
by the Guarantor. 
10. The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee have been 
paid, it will not grant any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest 
(sûreté réelle) including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing 
under the laws of any jurisdiction (the “Security Interest”), over any of its assets, rights or 
revenues, present or future, to secure any present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
money in the form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (titres 
de créance, excluding for the avoidance of doubt, titres de créances négociables) which 
are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, multilateral trading facility, over-the-counter 
market or other securities market, incurred or guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether before 
or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor’s 
obligations under the Notes (i) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (ii) are given 
the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the Noteholders 
whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written Resolution in each 
case in accordance with the Conditions or, as the case may be, the Final Terms. 
11.  
(a) The Guarantee is granted to the sole benefit of the Noteholders. 
(b) The Guarantor cannot sell or otherwise transfer any of its rights and/or obligations 
under this Guarantee. 
12. No failure or delay by any party or any indemnified person in exercising any right or remedy 
pursuant to this Guarantee or provided by general law or otherwise shall impair such right 
or remedy or operate or be construed as a waiver or variation of it or preclude its exercise 
at any subsequent time and no single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall 
preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 
13.  
(a) Any communication to be made under or in connection with this Guarantee shall be 
made in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be made by letter or by email, in 
each case with acknowledgement of receipt.

--- Page 110 ---
108 
(b) The address and email address (and the department or officer, if any, for whose 
attention the communication is to be made) of each party for any communication or 
document to be made or delivered under or in connection with this Guarantee is: 
in the case of the Guarantor: 
M.A.J. 
Attn: Mr. Barthélémy Morin 
31 Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer 
93500 Pantin 
France 
barthelemy.morin@elis.com 
in the case of the Issuer: 
ELIS 
Attn: Mr. Barthélémy Morin 
5 boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
barthelemy.morin@elis.com 
or any substitute address, email address or department or officer as the Guarantor 
may notify to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Representative or as the Issuer 
may notify to the Guarantor and the Representative by not less than five (5) 
business days’ notice, it being specified that any change in the above details shall 
be notified to the Representative as soon as possible, it being specified that the 
details regarding to the Representative’s email and address will be included in the 
Conditions. 
(c) Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under 
or in connection with this Guarantee will only be effective: 
(i) if by way of letter with acknowledgement of receipt, when it has been left at the 
relevant address or five (5) business days after being deposited in the post postage 
prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address; or 
(ii) if by way of email, when received the relevant electronic acknowledgement receipt; 
(iii) and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details 
provided under paragraph 13(b), if addressed to that department or officer. 
14. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms and expressions defined in the Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meaning as in this Guarantee. 
15. If any provision in this Guarantee shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in 
whole or in part, under any applicable enactment or rule of law, such provision or part shall 
(so far as illegal, invalid or unenforceable) to that extent be given no effect and deemed 
not to form part of this Guarantee but the legality, validity and enforceability of the 
remainder of this Guarantee shall not be affected.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
16. This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
The Tribunal de commerce of Paris has exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with this Guarantee (including a dispute regarding the existence, 
validity or termination of this Guarantee). 
 
 
On [insert date] 
THE GUARANTOR: 
 
 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
M.A.J. 
By: 
Signature to be preceded by the handwritten mention 
“Bon pour cautionnement solidaire comme ci-dessus”

--- Page 112 ---
110 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche shall be (i) used for repayment of the Group’s 
existing debt, (ii) used for the Group’s general corporate purposes, or (iii) on-lent or otherwise made 
available to the Guarantor, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 113 ---
111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is together with its subsidiaries and affiliates a leading multi-service group in the rental, 
laundry and maintenance of textile, hygiene and well-being items mainly in Europe and Latin 
America. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer is the parent company of a group comprising 203 consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
As at 31 December 2022, the share capital of Elis amounted to EUR 230,147,257 divided into 
230,147,257 fully paid up ordinary shares. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital 
of Elis amounted to EUR 230,723,417 divided into 230,723,417 fully paid up ordinary shares. 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no shareholder other than the ones listed in the table below 
directly or indirectly own more than 5% of the Issuer’s issued capital or voting rights. 
As at 31 December 2022, the capital and exercisable voting rights of the Issuer are as follows: 
Shareholders 
31 December 2022 
Number of 
shares 
Theoretical 
number of 
voting rights 
Number of 
exercisable 
voting rights 
% of share 
capital 
% of theoretical 
voting rights 
% of exercisable 
voting rights 
Canada Pension 
Plan Investment 
Board(a) 
28,104,606 
55,429,115 
55,429,115 
12.21 
20.23 
20.24 
Prédica (Crédit 
Agricole group)(a) 
14,391,615 
28,383,777 
28,383,777 
6.25 
10.36 
10.37 
Free float, 
including 
187,517,261 
190,012,782 
190,012,782 
81.48 
69.36 
69.39 
– FIL Ltd (formerly 
FMR LLC)(b) 
11,192,755 
11,192,755 
11,192,755 
4.86 
4.09 
4.09 
– Executives and 
employees(c) 
5,637,304 
6,607,860 
6,607,860 
2.59 
2.41 
2.41 
Treasury stock(d) 
133,775 
133,775 
- 
0.06 
0.05 
0 
TOTAL 
230,147,257 
273,959,449 
273,825,674 
100 
100 
100 
(a) including the shares held by the respective representatives of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Prédica 
in the supervisory board of the Issuer; 
(b) on the basis of the statement relating to the downwards threshold crossing dated 25 July 2022; 
(c) o/w 1,873,318 shares held by employees through the “Elis for All” investment fund (FCPE), 399,697 shares held 
directly by employees of foreign subsidiaries under “Elis for All” and 3,262,261 shares held in respect of settlements 
of performance share plans implemented by the Issuer for which the vesting period has expired (i.e., employee 
ownership of 2.41% of the share capital as at 31 December 2022 pursuant to Article L. 225-102 of the French Code 
de commerce); 
(d) o/w 133,098 shares held under the liquidity agreement entered into with Exane BNP Paribas. These shares have no 
voting rights.

--- Page 114 ---
112 
 
To the Company’s knowledge, as of the date of the AMF’s approval on the Base Prospectus, no 
shareholder, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert, controls the Company, nor is presumed to be 
in control of the Company. 
For a general description of the Group, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 26 to 36 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Selected Financial Information 
Selected financial information from the Guarantor’s income statement 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2022
 
(in thousands of euros) 
Revenue ........................................................................  
605,895 
761,348 
Amortization ...................................................................  
103,427 
103,308 
Personnel costs ..............................................................  
201,214 
247,315 
Operating income .........................................................  
113,260 
170,389 
Net financial result ..........................................................  
48,208 
(49,397) 
Income before tax .........................................................  
161,468 
120,991 
Income tax benefit ..........................................................  
28,809 
36,297 
Net income ....................................................................  
135,199 
69,405 
 
Selected financial information from the Guarantor’s statement of financial position 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2022
 
(in thousands of euros) 
Non-current assets .......................................................  
1,674,353 
1,665,763 
Of which intangible assets ..............................................  
64,759 
65,905 
Current assets ..............................................................  
532,453 
583,659 
Of which marketable securities 
4 
4 
Of which cash and cash equivalents 
11,346 
8,695 
Total assets ..................................................................  
2,206,822 
2,249,456 
Equity ............................................................................  
788,575 
863,353 
Provisions.......................................................................  
31,663 
27,165 
Liabilities ........................................................................  
1,386,585 
1,358,726 
Of which financial liabilities 
1,186,927 
1,111,481 
Total equity and liabilities ............................................  
2,206,822 
2,249,456 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the net financial debt4 of the Guarantor amounted to EUR 1,102,781,184. 
As at 31 December 2021, the net financial debt1 of the Guarantor amounted to EUR 1,175,576,620. 
                                                     
4 
Net financial debt equals financial liabilities minus marketable securities, minus cash and cash equivalents.

--- Page 116 ---
114 
For further financial information regarding the Guarantor, please refer to the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”, paragraph 2 “Documents related to the Guarantor”. 
Legal status and management 
M.A.J. is a limited liability company (société anonyme), incorporated under the laws of France, 
having its registered office at 31, Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer, 93500 Pantin, France and 
registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Bobigny (Registre du Commerce et des 
Sociétés de Bobigny) under number 775 733 835. 
M.A.J. was established on 17 February 1932 and its expiration date is set at 31 December 2071 
unless a decision to extend the term of the company is taken or the company is wound up earlier. 
As at 31 December 2022 and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it has an authorised issued 
and paid up share capital of EUR 142,515,408 divided into 8,907,213 shares of a nominal of EUR 
16 each. M.A.J. is 100% owned by the Issuer. 
The shareholders of a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France have limited liability 
up to its contribution in the company share capital. 
M.A.J. may be operated by natural persons or legal persons represented by a natural person, 
appointed as director(s) of the Board of Directors for a 6-year term of office, by a decision of its 
shareholders. Pursuant to M.A.J. articles of association, the Board of Directors may comprise 
between 3 and 18 directors. According to the articles of association of M.A.J., a Chief Executive 
Officer – who shall be a natural person – is appointed by the Board of Directors for a term of office 
not exceeding the term of office of the Chairman of the Board, it being specified that he/she is 
revocable at any time by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer represents M.A.J. in 
its relations with third parties. The general meeting of the members of M.A.J. is entrusted with 
powers attributed to it by the laws of France, in particular it approves the annual accounts of M.A.J., 
appoints and removes the members of the Board of Directors. 
M.A.J.’s Board of Directors is chaired by Mr. Xavier Martiré (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
also Chairman of the Issuer’s Management Board) and comprises four other members: Mr. 
Barthélémy Morin, Ms. Anne Bailly-Dupas, Ms. Anne-Sophie Magat and Mr. Didier Lachaud. For 
the purpose of their corporate office, the members of the Board of Directors are domiciled at M.A.J’s 
registered office. The functions of the Directors within the Group are described below: 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
Xavier Martiré 
• 
Chairman of the Management Board of ELIS S.A. 
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of M.A.J. S.A. 
• 
Director of PIERRETTE-T.B.A. S.A. 
• 
Member of the Board of BERENDSEN Ltd. (company incorporated under the 
laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
President of ELIS LUXEMBOURG S.A. (company incorporated under the laws 
of Luxembourg) 
• 
Director of ELIS MANOMATIC S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Spain) 
• 
Director of ELIS ITALIA S.p.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Italy) 
• 
Director of S.P.A.S.T. S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Portugal)

--- Page 117 ---
115 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
• 
Director of G.A.F.I.D.E.S. S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Portugal) 
• 
President of GOLDEN CLEAN S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Chile) 
• 
Director of ALBIA S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Chile) 
• 
Director of SERVICIOS HOSPITALARIOS S.A. (company incorporated under 
the laws of Chile) 
• 
Director of CLEAN MASTER S.P.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Chile) 
Didier Lachaud 
• 
Director of M.A.J. S.A. 
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SHF HOLDING S.A. 
• 
President of ELIS SERVICES S.A.S. 
• 
President of LES LAVANDIERES S.A.S. 
• 
President of ELIS PREVENTION NUISIBLES S.A.S. 
• 
President of ANCHAN TRADE SERVICES S.A.S. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. DU CHATEAU DE JANVILLE 
• 
Member of the Board of BERENDSEN Finance Ltd. (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Member of the Board of BERENDSEN Nominees Ltd. (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
Barthélémy Morin 
• 
Director of M.A.J. S.A. 
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PIERRETTE - T.B.A. S.A. 
• 
President of THIMEAU S.A.S. 
• 
President of REGIONALE DE LOCATION ET SERVICES TEXTILES S.A.S. 
• 
President of SHF S.A.S. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. DE LA FORGE 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. MAINE BEAUSEJOUR 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. LES GAILLETROUS 
• 
Director of SHF HOLDING S.A. 
• 
Director of BLANCHISSERIE BASSE MEUSE S.A. (company incorporated 
under the laws of Belgium) 
• 
Director of ARDENNE & MEUSE LOGISTIC S.A. (company incorporated 
under the laws of Belgium) 
• 
Director of SCALDIS SAINT-MARTIN S.A. (company incorporated under the 
laws of Belgium) 
• 
Member of the Board of KENNEDY HYGIENE PRODUCTS Ltd. (company 
incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Member of the Board of KENNEDY EXPORTS Ltd. (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Director of COLIDAY HOLDINGS Ltd. (company incorporated under the laws 
of Cyprus) 
• 
Director of SKEWEN INVESTMEMNTS Ltd. (company incorporated under the 
laws of Cyprus)

--- Page 118 ---
116 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
Anne-Sophie 
Magat 
• 
Director of M.A.J. S.A. 
• 
Director of PIERRETTE - T.B.A. S.A. 
• 
Gérant of S.A.R.L. SOCIETE DE PARTICIPATIONS COMMERCIALES ET 
INDUSTRIELLES (S.P.C.I.) 
Anne Bailly-Dupas 
• 
Director of M.A.J. S.A. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I DES DEUX SAPINS 
• 
Director of SHF HOLDINGS S.A. 
• 
Director of ELIS BELGIUM (company incorporated under the laws of Belgium) 
 
Pursuant to its articles of association, M.A.J.’s corporate purpose notably includes (i) the provision 
of flat linen, workwear and HWB (hygiene and well-being) rental, laundry and maintenance 
services, (ii) the carriage of goods, (iii) the acquisition, operation and disposal of water sources, (iv) 
the provision of 3D pest control services and (v) the centralised management of the Group’s 
treasury (including cash pooling services and managing the financing needs of the Group’s 
subsidiaries). 
M.A.J. itself has an average workforce of 7,305 employees as at 31 December 2022. M.A.J.’s 
accounts are audited by Mazars, its statutory auditor. As at 31 December 2022, M.A.J. has 30 
subsidiaries. 
As a non-public société anonyme, M.A.J. is not required per se to comply with any corporate 
governance regime applicable to listed companies only. 
Activity 
M.A.J. is the Group’s main French operating subsidiary. M.A.J. operates, including through its 
subsidiaries and participations, in Europe (mainly in France, Belgium, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Czech 
Republic, Switzerland, Germany, Luxembourg and United Kingdom) and South America (Brazil, 
Chile and Colombia). 
M.A.J. mainly provides flat linen, workwear and HWB rental and maintenance services to customers 
in the following four end markets: Hospitality, Industry, Trade and Services, and Healthcare and 
Social Welfare. 
M.A.J. is also a central treasury entity and, as such, it facilitates and develops financial operations 
of Group’s subsidiaries, excluding Berendsen and its subsidiaries, by pooling their cash balances 
and providing them with treasury services. For Berendsen and its subsidiaries, the cash pooling is 
carried out by the Issuer. 
Financial Results 
As at 31 December 2022, the total of the balance sheet value of M.A.J. amounted to EUR 
2,249,455,808 (EUR 2,206,821,968 as at 31 December 2021). 
M.A.J. generated a positive net income of EUR 69,404,998 for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(a positive net income of EUR 135,198,922 for the year ended 31 December 2021). The evolution 
of operational performance of M.A.J. S.A. was similar to the Group’s (i.e., strong topline growth, 
steady margin). The financial result was strongly positive in 2021 (EUR 48,207,661) and negative 
in 2022 (EUR (49,397,411)) at M.A.J. S.A. level, whereas it remains stable at the Group level. The

--- Page 119 ---
117 
financial result of M.A.J. S.A. significantly varied from 2021 to 2022 due to M.A.J. S.A.’s 
intermediate position within the Group (dividend flows, intercompany loans).

--- Page 120 ---
118 
RECENT EVENTS 
 
The Issuer published the following press release on 10 May 2023: 
 
Q1 2023 revenue up +21.7%, of which +18.3% on an organic basis 
Growth driven by good commercial momentum, pricing adjustments 
and activity in Hospitality 
Increased confidence in achieving 2023 targets 
 
 
Q1 2023 revenue up +21.7% at €1,013.4m: good activity in all our markets, numerous 
commercial wins and good pricing dynamics 
o 
Activity in Hospitality continued to be dynamic in every geography; Southern Europe and the 
UK & Ireland benefited from a favorable comparable base (Q1 2022 was still impacted by the 
end of the pandemic) 
o 
Elis reached a record level of new contracts signed in Q1, driven by numerous initiatives to 
address the evolving need for hygiene, traceability, and responsible products & services, 
especially in Trade & Services 
o 
Price dynamics are very favorable in all our markets on the back of pricing adjustments 
implemented throughout 2022 (in a context of inflation of our cost base) and since January 1st, 
2023: price effect was c. +11% in Q1 
o 
The Group’s six geographies delivered double-digit organic revenue growth in Q1; organic 
growth was especially strong in Southern Europe (+24.7%), the UK & Ireland (+23.9%) and 
Central Europe (+21.4%) 
o 
We see no sign of significant slowdown in our markets or of churn rate deterioration 
Increased confidence in the 2023 outlook communicated on March 8, 2023 
o 
2023 full-year organic revenue growth expected between +11% and +13% 
o 
2023 adjusted EBITDA margin expected up c. +50bps yoy 
o 
2023 adjusted EBIT expected above €650m (up at least +20% yoy) 
o 
2023 headline net income expected above €405m (up at least +15% yoy) 
o 
2023 headline net income per share expected above €1.65 on a fully diluted basis (up at least 
+13% yoy) 
o 
2023 free cash flow (after lease payments) expected above €260m (up at least +16% yoy) 
o 
Financial leverage ratio at December 31, 2023 expected at c. 2.1x 
 
Saint-Cloud, May 10, 2023 – Elis, an international multi-service provider, offering textile, hygiene 
and facility services solutions, which is present in Europe and Latin America, today announces its 
revenue for the 3 months ended March 31, 2023. The figures set forth in this press release have 
not been audited.

--- Page 121 ---
119 
I. 
Q1 2023 revenue 
 
In millions of euros 
2023  
2022 
Organic 
growth 
External 
growth 
FX 
Reported 
growth 
France 
303.5 
262.1 
+15.8% 
- 
- 
+15.8% 
Central Europe 
245.6 
196.6 
+21.4% 
+3.0% 
+0.5% 
+24.9% 
Scandinavia & East
Eur. 
153.3 
135.3 
+15.8% 
+0.8% 
-3.2% 
+13.3% 
UK & Ireland 
121.9 
102.7 
+23.9% 
- 
-5.2% 
+18.7% 
Latin America 
102.4 
64.2 
+12.6% 
+42.8% 
+4.2% 
+59.6% 
Southern Europe 
81.3 
65.2 
+24.7% 
- 
- 
+24.7% 
Others 
5.5 
6.8 
-15.4% 
- 
-3.7% 
-19.1% 
Total 
 1,013.4 
832.8 
+18.3% 
+4.1% 
-0.7% 
+21.7% 
« Others » includes Manufacturing Entities and Holdings. 
Percentage change calculations are based on actual figures. 
France 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +15.8% (entirely organic). Although March showed some slight 
deceleration, activity in Hospitality was well-oriented and benefited from a favorable comparable 
base, as the beginning of Q1 2022 was somewhat impacted by the Omicron variant. Furthermore, 
we continued to record good commercial momentum in Workwear and in Pest control. 
Central Europe 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +24.9% in the region (+21.4% on an organic basis). In a context of strong 
inflation (especially wage inflation), Germany posted organic revenue growth of c. +25%, driven by 
strong pricing dynamics of c. +17%: the majority of price adjustments negotiated in 2022 were 
implemented at the beginning of 2023. The other main countries in the region (the Netherlands, 
Switzerland, Poland and Belgium) delivered organic revenue growth of nearly +20%, with similar 
pricing dynamics as Germany and new contract wins in Industry and in Trade & Services, especially 
in Poland and in the Netherlands.  
Scandinavia & Eastern Europe 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +13.3% in the region (+15.8% on an organic basis). Hospitality was 
sharply up in Sweden and Denmark (with a favorable comparable base) and Workwear showed 
good commercial momentum (including Ultra clean). 
UK & Ireland 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +18.7% in the region (+23.9% on an organic basis). The Group delivered 
very good performance in Hospitality (with a favorable comparable base). In Industry and Trade & 
Services, commercial momentum was good, with new contracts signed, and the churn rate was 
stable. However, we observed a slight deceleration of same-store activity growth in Q1 due to the 
unfavorable macro environment in the region. 
Latin America 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +59.6% in the region (+12.6% on an organic basis). Inflation is stabilizing 
at below 10%, while outsourcing momentum continued. The acquisition of the leader in the Mexican 
market, consolidated since July 1st, 2022 largely contributed to the strong scope effect in the quarter 
(+42.8%); activity was well-oriented in Q1, notably with good commercial momentum.

--- Page 122 ---
120 
Southern Europe 
Q1 2023 revenue was up +24.7% in the region (entirely organic). As expected, Hospitality showed 
marked improvement on the back of an easy comparable base. In Workwear, good commercial 
momentum and the development of outsourcing continued  
II. 
Increased confidence in the 2023 outlook communicated on March 8, 2023 
2023 organic revenue growth is expected between +11% and +13%, driven by: 
o 
a price effect of at least +9% made up of the embedded price adjustments negotiated 
throughout 2022 and the additional adjustments implemented since January 1st, 2023; and 
o 
a favorable comparable base in Hospitality in the first semester. 
The lower end of the organic growth range factors in the potential impact from a slowdown in the 
economy, of which we see no sign to date. 
In a context of very strong energy price inflation, the Group has progressively negotiated fixed rate 
tariffs for 2023 and the following years. These hedging measures, as well as the embedded effect 
of pricing adjustments and new productivity gains expected in 2023, should contribute to an 
improvement of adjusted 2023 EBITDA margin of c. +50bps compared to 2022. 
2023 adjusted EBIT is expected above €650m, driven by top line dynamism and a slight decrease 
in D&A as a percentage of revenue. 
2023 headline net income is expected above €405m, corresponding to 2023 headline net income 
per share above €1.65 (on a fully diluted basis, notably factoring in the potential dilutive effect from 
the new OCEANE bonds issued in September 2022). 
2023 free cash flow (after lease payments) is expected above €260m, driven by EBITDA increase 
and despite an expected negative calendar effect on receivables (30 and 31 December 2023 will 
not be working days). 
Financial leverage ratio as of December 31, 2023 is expected at c. 2.1x, down -0.4x yoy. 
III. 
Other information 
The circular economy at the heart of Elis’ business model 
Elis offers its clients products that are maintained, repaired, reused, and reemployed to optimize 
their usage and lifespan. The Group therefore selects its textile products based on sustainability 
criteria, to ensure frequent washing, and also operates repair workshops. Elis’ conviction is that the 
circular economy model, which notably aims at reducing consumption of natural resources by 
optimizing the lifespan of products, is a sustainable solution to address today’s environmental 
challenges. 
The services offered by Elis are a sustainable alternative to: 
o 
simple purchase or use of products: by sharing them between several users or clients, and by 
constantly looking at improving the industrial processes linked to their washing. As an example, 
the use of workwear operated by Elis leads to a 37% decrease of CO2 emissions compared to 
workwear that is washed at home or in a standard laundry, and to a 48% decrease of water 
consumption (source: EY); and 
o 
single use / disposable products: by offering reusable products, which are mostly maintained 
locally, hence supporting local employment and local economic development. As an example, 
the use of reusable surgical garments in care facilities leads to a decrease ranging from 31% 
to 62% of CO2 emissions compared to disposable clothes (source: Cleaner Environmental 
Systems).

--- Page 123 ---
121 
These alternatives to a linear consumption approach enable our clients to avoid CO2 emissions 
and contribute to a reduction of their own emissions. 
The Ellen MacArthur Foundation states that “circular economy is necessary to reach Net Zero” and 
that “nearly 10 billion tons of CO2 (i.e., 20% of world emissions) could be reduced thanks to the 
transition 
of 
our 
current 
model 
towards 
a 
circular 
economy” 
(https://climate.ellenmacarthurfoundation.org). 
Non-financial rating 
In 2022, Sustainalytics improved Elis’s ESG rating by 10pts to 14.8 (“low risk”). Furthermore, the 
Group was rated A- by the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project), a non-profit organization which 
performs independent assessments on the basis of information made available by companies on 
their strategy, risk & opportunity management, climate goals, annual climate performance, etc. This 
rating puts Elis in the “Leadership” category and underscores its commitment and actions with 
regards to climate change. Furthermore, the Group got an “A” grade in the Supplier Engagement 
Leaderboard, which rewards the top 8% companies for their actions on their value chain to support 
climate change. 
After winning a Gold medal related to the EcoVadis questionnaire for five consecutive years, Elis 
obtained a Platinum medal, the highest possible reward. This medal places Elis within the top 1% 
of the c. 90,000 companies assessed by EcoVadis. 
Finally, Elis maintained its high performance with rating agency Gaïa (72/100), which ranks the 
Group at the “Gold” level. 
Our climate commitment  
Conscious of the environmental challenges with regards to climate change, Elis is committed to an 
approach to reduce its emissions that is in line with the Paris Agreement to contribute to keeping 
the increase in temperature below 1.5C° compared to preindustrial levels 1 . At the General 
Shareholders Meeting held on 19 May 2022, the Group already proposed that shareholders support 
this strategic step, via an advisory resolution. This resolution was approved. The setup of Elis’ 
Climate plan that started in 2022 will continue in 2023 in order to be as accurate and fair as possible. 
The Group aims at presenting its climate objectives, aligned with the methodology of the Science 
Based Targets initiative, in the second half of 2023. The Group currently plans to submit its climate 
objectives to the advisory vote of its shareholders at the 2024 General Shareholders Meeting. 
Financial definitions 
o 
Organic growth in the Group’s revenue is calculated excluding (i) the impacts of changes in the 
scope of consolidation of “major acquisitions” and “major disposals” (as defined in the 
Document de Base) in each of the periods under comparison, as well as (ii) the impact of 
exchange rate fluctuations. 
o 
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as adjusted EBIT before depreciation and amortization net of the 
portion of grants transferred to income. 
o 
Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. 
o 
Adjusted EBIT is defined as net income (loss) before net financial income (loss), income tax, 
share in net income of equity accounted companies, amortization of intangible assets 
recognized in a business combination, goodwill impairment losses, other operating income and 
                                                     
1 Reduction in line with the 1.5°C target for direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) emissions, and the well below 2°C target for 
other indirect emissions (Scope 3).

--- Page 124 ---
122 
expense, miscellaneous financial items (bank fees recognized in operating income) and IFRS 
2 expense (share-based payments). 
o 
Adjusted EBIT margin is defined as adjusted EBIT divided by revenue. 
In order to take into account the statement published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on 29 October 2021 regarding alternative performance indicators, the Group 
added the term “adjusted” to the above definitions. The content of these indicators remains 
unchanged compared to previous financial years. 
o 
Headline net result corresponds to net income or loss excluding extraordinary items which, due 
to their type and unusual nature, cannot be considered as intrinsic to the Group’s current 
performance. 
o 
Free cash flow is defined as adjusted EBITDA less non-cash-items and changes in working 
capital, purchases of linen, capital expenditures (net of disposals), tax paid, financial interest 
paid and lease liabilities payments. 
o 
The financial leverage ratio is the leverage ratio calculated for the purpose of the financial 
covenant included in the banking agreement signed in 2021: Leverage ratio is equal to Net 
financial debt / adjusted EBITDA, pro forma of acquisitions finalized during the last 12 months, 
and after synergies. 
Geographical breakdown 
o 
France 
o 
Central Europe: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Luxembourg, 
Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, Switzerland 
o 
Scandinavia & Eastern Europe: Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Russia, 
Sweden 
o 
UK & Ireland 
o 
Latin America: Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico 
o 
Southern Europe: Italy, Portugal, Spain & Andorra

--- Page 125 ---
123 
The Issuer published the following press release on 25 April 2023: 
 
Appointment of a new member of the supervisory board 
 
Saint-Cloud, April 25, 2023 – Following Joy Verlé’s resignation from her duties at the supervisory 
board of Elis S.A., the supervisory board of Elis S.A. has co-opted Mr. Michel Plantevin, following 
a proposal by CPP Investments, after approval of the appointments, compensation and governance 
committee. 
Mr. Michel Plantevin is currently a senior advisor at Bain Capital Private Equity, before being 
managing director at Bain Capital Private Equity between 2003 and 2020 and was responsible for 
investments in the energy, industrial, and services sectors. His appointment is effective from 25 
April 2023, and for the remaining period of the predecessor, i.e. until the annual general meeting 
of Elis S.A. that will be convened in 2025 to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year 
ending 31 December 2024. 
The appointment of Mr. Michel Plantevin will be subject to the approval of the shareholders during 
the annual general meeting that will take place on 25 May 2023. 
As this ratification does not appear in the agenda of Elis S.A.’s next annual general meeting, as set 
forth in the meeting notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 
17 April 2023, a new 10th resolution will be added to the agenda of the annual general meeting of 
Elis S.A. The addition of this new 10th resolution will have the effect of shifting the resolutions of the 
annual general meeting hereto numbered from 10 to 23 (which will therefore be numbered from 11 
to 24). 
The notice of meeting to be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) 
on 10 May 2023 will take these changes into account. 
Following the appointment of Mr. Michel Plantevin as member of the supervisory board of Elis S.A., 
the supervisory board of Elis S.A. will be made up of 12 members, including 2 members 
representing the employees and 7 independent members. It will consist of 5 women and 7 men.

--- Page 126 ---
124 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this 
provision, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or 
otherwise making them available, to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes, to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or otherwise making them available, 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 20185, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
                                                     
5 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected 
to be in October 2023.

--- Page 127 ---
125 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 20186 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of 
the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [prescribed 
capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations) and [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
 
 
                                                     
6 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected 
to be in October 2023.

--- Page 128 ---
126 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
ELIS 
(the “Issuer”) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
guaranteed by M.A.J. 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2023 which has been approved by the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 11 May 2023 under No. 23-151 [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [●]7 which [has/have] been approved by the AMF on [●] under No. [●] [and 
on [●] under No. [●], respectively]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended and supplemented (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the Supplement]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are]] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the 
Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer at 5, boulevard Louis 
Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
                                                     
7 
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 129 ---
127 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base 
Prospectus dated [30 January 2018/26 March 2019/11 May 2022] which is incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as supplemented, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2023 which 
has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 11 May 2023 under No. 
23-151 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]8 which [has/have] been approved 
by the AMF on [●] under No. [●] [and on [●] under No. [●], respectively]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
dated [30 January 2018/26 March 2019/11 May 2022] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are]] available for viewing 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and 
copies may be obtained from the Issuer at 5, boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, 
France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
Elis 
2. 
 Guarantor: 
M.A.J. 
3. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) 
as from the date of assimilation which is expected 
to be on or about forty (40) days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”)].] 
4. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
5. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
                                                     
8 
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 130 ---
128 
6. 
 Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)]  
7. 
 Specified Denominations: 
[●] (one denomination only for the Dematerialised 
Notes) 
8. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[●] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
9. 
 Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
10. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/other] +/– [●] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount.]  
12. 
 Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs where applicable] 
13. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Call Option] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
Put Option in case of Change of Control 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated/Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Unsubordinated/Senior

--- Page 131 ---
129 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantee 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year [specify Business Day 
Convention 
and 
any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]]/[not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - 
ISDA / Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/ Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination 
Dates 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●], in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (v) below.

--- Page 132 ---
130 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●] specify/Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/other] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] [T2 Business Days/London Banking Days / 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days] in 
[specify city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day of each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
– 
[Relevant/SONIA] 
Screen Page: 
[specify relevant screen page or “Reference 
Banks”] 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[[●] specify/Not applicable] 
 
– 
[€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift 
Compound]

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
– 
[SONIA Rate of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound]] 
 
– 
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lookback 
Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay/ SOFR Index 
Average]] 
 
– 
[SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 
– 
[Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SOFR or 
SONIA)  
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/T2 Business Days] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SOFR or 
SONIA) 
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/T2 Business Days]] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Interest 
Accrual 
Period End Dates: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay) 
 
– 
[Interest Payment 
Delay: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– 
[SOFR Index Start: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– 
[SOFR Index End: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]]

--- Page 134 ---
132 
 
(x) 
FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date 
(Date 
de 
Détermination 
du 
Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii) (B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[●] per cent. per annum (such 
rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
17. 
 Zero Coupon Notes provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 7(f)(i)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(b)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 135 ---
133 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]9 
 
(iii) 
Notice period10: 
[●] 
19. 
 Make-Whole Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period11:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Similar Security: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Rate: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
20. 
 Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option Start Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
21. 
 Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(i)) 
 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[80%]/[[●]%] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
22. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(e)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                     
9 
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
10 
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its 
fiscal agent. 
11 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]12 
 
(iii) 
Notice period13: 
[●] 
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Condition 
7(g)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 7(k)), on event of 
default (Condition 10): 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
others 
than 
Interest 
Payment Dates (Condition 
7(g)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become void upon early 
redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only) 
(Condition 8(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
may only be issued outside France) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify 
whether 
bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur)/administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré)/fully registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur)] 
                                                     
12 
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
13 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give 
name and details] (note that a registration agent 
must be appointed in relation to fully registered 
dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[●] (the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable 
TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
to Materialised Notes) 
26. 
 Financial Centre(s) (Condition 8(h)) 
or other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which item 15(vi) 
relates) 
27. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates 
on 
which 
such 
Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
28. 
 Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
29. 
 [Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information of 
Noteholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] 
(If 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)] 
30. 
 [Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with Article L. 
213-0-1 
of 
the 
French 
Code 
monétaire et financier (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and 
reselling purchased Notes in accordance with 
Article L. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier in accordance with Condition 7(h) is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
31. 
 Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
15(b)] apply] 
32. 
 Representation of holders of Notes 
Masse (Condition 12): 
Masse  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●] 
[The 
Representation 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]].

--- Page 138 ---
136 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 139 ---
137 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [●] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already admitted to trading on [●] as from [its/their 
respective] issue date.] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Additional publication of 
Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms 
[●] (See paragraph 20 (“Documents available”) of 
the Section “General Information” of the Base 
Prospectus, which indicates that the Base 
Prospectus (including any Supplement thereto 
and any documents incorporated by reference 
therein, 
except 
documents 
related 
to 
the 
Guarantor) and the Final Terms of Notes admitted 
to trading on any regulated market in the 
European Economic Area will be published on the 
website of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Please 
provide 
for 
additional 
methods 
of 
publication in respect of Notes admitted to trading 
on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris) 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated] / [The Notes to 
be issued [are expected to be] / [have been] rated: 
 
 
[[Moody’s France SAS] (“Moody’s”):[●] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] (“S&P 
Global Ratings”): [●]

--- Page 140 ---
138 
 
 
[DBRS Ratings GmbH] (“DBRS Morningstar”): 
[●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody’s/S&P Global 
Ratings/DBRS Morningstar] is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended, 
although 
the 
result[s] 
of 
such 
application[s] [has/have] not yet been issued.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”)[, but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency’s name] 
which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as amended.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in the 
United Kingdom [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”)[, but is endorsed by [insert 
credit rating agency’s name] which is established 
in the United Kingdom, registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the

--- Page 141 ---
139 
list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras).] 
 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet 
been issued.] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the 
United Kingdom [nor has/and has not] applied for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, such as the following:  
According to the rating system of Moody’s, 
obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-
medium grade with low credit risk. Moody’s 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from “Aa” through 
“Caa”. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P Global Ratings’ rating system, 
an obligation rated “A” is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in

--- Page 142 ---
140 
circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher-rated categories. However, 
the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is still strong. The 
addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range. 
According to DBRS Morningstar’s rating system, 
an obligation rated “A” is of a good credit quality. 
The capacity for the payment of financial 
obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit 
quality than AA. It may be vulnerable to future 
events, but qualifying negative factors are 
considered manageable. All rating categories 
other than AAA and D also contain subcategories 
“(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a 
“(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating 
is in the middle of the category.] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Amount 
 
[(i)] 
Use of Proceeds: 
[●]14 
 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from the 
“Use of Proceeds” of the Base Prospectus will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
                                                     
14 
Please note that the obligations of the Guarantor will apply to any Notes, (i) only if and to the extent that, the proceeds 
of the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or otherwise made available to the Guarantor and (ii) at 
any time (including at the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly made pursuant to its terms), only up to 
the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other 
availability arrangements. Please refer to the section “Form of Guarantee of M.A.J.” of the Base Prospectus notably 
as regards the Guarantee limitations.

--- Page 143 ---
141 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – Information on Floating Rate Notes 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
[the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended, (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”)] / [the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom]. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions of Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(b) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking SA 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 144 ---
142 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated 
into Euro at the rate of [●] producing 
a sum of: 
[●] 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers] 
 
(B) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes  
pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended

--- Page 145 ---
143 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 11 May 2023 (the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers named therein (the “Permanent Dealers”) and the Arranger, the Notes will 
be offered on a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be placed by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten 
by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses 
incurred in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their 
activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to 
terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or pursuant to an exemption from the registration

--- Page 146 ---
144 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, 
or to a U.S. person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver Notes of any Tranche, (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after completion of the distribution of 
such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on any of their behalf, 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation 
S) with respect to the Notes and each of the foregoing persons has complied and will comply with 
the offering restrictions requirements of Regulations S.  
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance 
with Regulation S and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or to any other person within the 
United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer 
or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) 
in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the 
Notes for issue or sale in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a 
person in Australia); and

--- Page 147 ---
145 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless 
(i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or 
its equivalent in an alternative currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its 
associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(ii) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) in so far as it is applicable, the transfer complies with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 
dated 21 March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority as if 
it applied to the Issuer mutatis mutandis (and which requires all offers of any parcels of 
Notes to be for an aggregate nominal amount of at least A$500,000); 
(iv) such action complies with all applicable laws and regulations or directives in Australia; and  
(v) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
UK. For the purposes of this provision, (a) the expression “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; 
(b) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 148 ---
146 
(c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Belgium 
The offer of the Notes in Belgium is conducted exclusively under applicable private placement 
exemptions and it has therefore not been and will not be notified to, and the Base Prospectus and 
any marketing materials or other documents relating to the Notes have not been and will not be 
provided to, nor approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor 
financiële diensten en markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers). 
This Base Prospectus has been issued to the intended recipients for personal use only and 
exclusively for the purpose of the offering of the Notes. It may therefore not be used for any other 
purpose, nor disclosed to any other person, in Belgium. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/ consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
In accordance with the Belgian law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of bearer securities, 
Materialised Bearer Notes may not be delivered in physical form in Belgium, other than deliveries 
to a clearing system, a depositary or another institution for the purpose of their immobilisation.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (the Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such 
modification will be set out in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the 
public of any of the Notes. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers represents that

--- Page 149 ---
147 
Notes may at any time lawfully be resold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for 
the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only 
be issued outside France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such 
sale.

--- Page 150 ---
148 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Corporate authorisations 
Any issue of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Conseil de Surveillance 
(Supervisory Board) and a decision of the Directoire (Management Board) of the Issuer 
which may delegate its powers to any other member of the Directoire (Management Board) 
or any other persons as provided for in the decisions of the Directoire (Management Board). 
In this regard, by a resolution adopted on 7 March 2023, the Conseil de Surveillance 
(Supervisory Board) of the Issuer has authorised the Directoire (Management Board) to 
renew the Programme. Prior to any issue of Notes that constitute obligations under the 
Programme, the Supervisory Board will meet to authorize such issue and give the 
Directoire necessary authorizations to proceed with the issue of obligations. 
No authorisation procedures are required of Elis by French law for the establishment or 
update of the Programme. However, to the extent that Notes issued under the Programme 
may constitute obligations under French law, the issue of such Notes will be authorised in 
accordance with French law. 
A resolution of the Conseil d’administration (Board of Directors) of the Guarantor 
authorising the granting of the Guarantee of any issue of Notes under the Programme for 
a 12-month period has been adopted on 11 April 2023 and, as the case may be, the 
renewal of this authorisation may be necessary before the term of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Application to the Autorité des marchés financiers and Euronext Paris 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France, in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation on 11 May 2023 under No. 23-
151. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 11 May 2024 and shall, during this period and in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Final Terms applicable to each Series of Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be filed with the AMF. If the Final Terms in relation 
to a Series of Notes do not specify the aggregate nominal amount of Notes admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the manner in and date on 
which such amount will be made public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
3. 
Identification of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Issuer is: 969500UX71LCE8MAY492.

--- Page 151 ---
149 
The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Guarantor is: 969500GHFBP1V4BFB380. 
4. 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries since 31 March 2023, save as disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus. 
5. 
No material adverse change in the prospects 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2022, save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus. 
6. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its fully 
consolidated subsidiaries (including the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its fully consolidated subsidiaries. 
7. 
Material contracts 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes or the 
Guarantee. 
8. 
Conflicts of interest 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the members of Issuer’s management and supervisory bodies 
have no conflict of interest between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
As far as the Guarantor is aware, the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
have no conflict of interest between its duties to the Guarantor and its private interests 
and/or other duties. 
9. 
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN 
code), in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 152 ---
150 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The address of Euroclear France 
is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
10. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers, 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, and Mazars, 61 rue Henri Regnault – Tour Exaltis, 92400 
Courbevoie (both entities duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and are 
members of the compagnie régionale des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du 
Centre). These statutory auditors have audited and rendered audit reports on the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021. 
The statutory auditor of the Guarantor is Mazars, 61 rue Henri Regnault – Tour Exaltis, 
92400 Courbevoie (duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and members of the 
compagnie régionale des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du Centre) and it has 
audited and rendered audit reports on the Guarantor’s statutory financial statements for 
the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
11. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY 
GLOBAL NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). 
NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
IS AVAILABLE.” 
12. 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Each Materialised Bearer Note (other than Temporary Global Certificates), Coupon and 
Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED 
STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
13. 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of such Tranche of Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price as the yield to 
maturity. It will not be an indication of future yield. 
14. 
Websites 
Any websites included in this Base prospectus are for information purposes only and the 
information in such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus (unless that 
information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and, 
accordingly, has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 153 ---
151 
15. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
In addition, liquidity provider(s) may be appointed in connection with the issue of any 
Tranche, in which case the applicable Final Terms will include all relevant details regarding 
the entity(ies) which have a firm commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in secondary 
trading. 
16. 
Currencies 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “€”, “EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, those 
to “$”, “USD”, “U.S.$”, “dollars”, “U.S. dollars” or “United States dollars” are to the 
currency of the United States of America, those to “£”, “GBP”, “Sterling”, “Pound Sterling” 
or “pounds” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to “AUSD” or “Australian 
dollars” are to the currency of Australia, those to “SEK”, “krona” or “Swedish krona” are 
to the currency of Sweden, those to “DKK”, “krone” or “Danish krone” are to the currency 
of Denmark, those to “CHF” or “Swiss francs” are to the currency of Switzerland, “yen” or 
“JPY” are to the currency of Japan and those to “reals” or “Brazilian real” are to the 
currency of Brazil. 
17. 
Third party information 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated 
herein by reference has been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such 
information appears. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information 
as relates to it has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. Each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor has also identified the source(s) of such information as relates to 
it. 
18. 
Credit Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated “Ba1” (stable 
outlook) by Moody’s, “BB+” (positive outlook) by S&P Global Ratings and “BBB (low)” 
(positive outlook) by DBRS Morningstar. Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings and DBRS

--- Page 154 ---
152 
Morningstar are established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on ESMA’s website as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer. The rating of a Tranche of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered (or 
which has applied for registration) under the CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes 
and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
19. 
Benchmark administrators 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR or any other interest rate specified in the Final Terms. EURIBOR is provided by 
the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “ESMA 
Benchmarks Register”). The relevant Final Terms will specify the administrator of any 
other benchmark used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes and whether or not 
such administrator appears on the ESMA Benchmarks Register. 
20. 
Documents available 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under the Programme or are outstanding, the 
following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Issuer: 
(i) 
the articles of association (statuts) of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any 
other Regulated Market; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, 
valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part 
of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 155 ---
153 
In addition, for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain 
outstanding, copies of this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms related to the Notes and any document incorporated by reference therein 
will be available for viewing on the Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and may be obtained, 
free of charge, during normal business hours from Elis, 5, Boulevard Louis Loucheur, 
92210 Saint-Cloud, France. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the 
following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(a) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other regulated market (for the purposes of MiFID II) in the European Economic 
Area; and 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any document 
incorporated by reference therein, except for the documents related to the 
Guarantor. 
In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext 
Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are 
required and what they consist of.

--- Page 156 ---
154 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
For the Issuer 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to my knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Elis 
 
5 Boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
 
Duly represented by Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman of the Management Board (Président du Directoire) 
 
Signed in Saint-Cloud, on 11 May 2023 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Elis

--- Page 157 ---
155 
For the Guarantor 
I hereby certify that the information relating to myself as Guarantor contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, to my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
M.A.J. 
 
31, Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer  
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Duly represented by Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Président-Directeur Général) 
 
Signed in Saint-Cloud, on 11 May 2023 
 
 
_______________________ 
Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
M.A.J.

--- Page 158 ---
156 
APPROVAL OF THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base 
Prospectus after having verified that the information contained therein is complete, consistent and 
comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 11 May 2023 and is valid until 11 May 2024 and 
shall, during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following 
approval number: No. 23-151.

--- Page 159 ---
157 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Elis 
5, boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 70 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION 
AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRATION AGENT 
 
 
Uptevia 
89-91 rue Gabriel Péri 
9210 Montrouge 
France

--- Page 160 ---
158 
MAKE-WHOLE CALL CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London EC2A 4EB 
United Kingdom 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR OF THE GUARANTOR 
 
 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the 
Guarantor 
 
To the Dealers 
 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
51, rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris  
France 
 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France