--- Page 1 ---
Elis 
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of the Republic of France) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
guaranteed by M.A.J. 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Elis 
(the “Issuer” or “Elis”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes will, upon their issue, be guaranteed by 
M.A.J. (the “Guarantor” or “M.A.J.”) under a guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the 
Issue Date (as defined below) of such Notes (the “Guarantee”). The form of the Guarantee is contained herein 
and its application and enforceability are subject to certain conditions and limitations as further described 
herein. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). Subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, Notes issued by Elis may be issued in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France, in its 
capacity as competent authority pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information contained 
therein is complete, consistent and comprehensible within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality of the 
Notes, which are the subject of this Base Prospectus, and investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made (i) to the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined 
below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II”) (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes may be issued pursuant 
to the Programme without being admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether 
or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. The minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated “Ba2” (stable outlook) by 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), “BB” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P Global 
Ratings”) and “BBB (low)” (stable outlook) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS Morningstar”). Each of Moody’s, 
S&P Global Ratings and DBRS Morningstar is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). The ratings of Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings and DBRS Morningstar are endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P UK”) and DBRS Ratings Limited 
(“DBRS UK”), respectively, in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law (by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Each of Moody’s 
UK, S&P UK and DBRS UK is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to 
them by the relevant rating organisation and specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered (or which has applied for registration) under the 
CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
published on ESMA’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). In general, UK-
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating

--- Page 2 ---
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry 
form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed 
as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”), in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global 
Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest 
attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes 
(subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered 
outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined herein) of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplements thereto (if any) 
and, as long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes can be obtained free of charge from the registered office 
of the Issuer and will also be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.elis.com) or the AMF (www.amf-
france.org), except, as regards the AMF website, for the documents incorporated by reference related to the 
Guarantor. 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS  
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank  
HSBC 
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto published from time to time 
(each a “Supplement” and, together, the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purposes of giving 
information, with regard to the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) 
and the Notes, which is necessary information which is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the rights attached to the Notes and the 
Guarantee, the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement 
thereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be incorporated in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Arranger 
(each as defined at the end of this Base Prospectus). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, those of 
the Group or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer, that of the Group or the Guarantor since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Dealers and the 
Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN 
BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON 
OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, 
SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other

--- Page 4 ---
-2- 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe 
for, or to purchase, any Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes, to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: (a) “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and (b) the expression 
“offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as applicable. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or otherwise making them available, to retail 
investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes, to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (b) the expression “offer” includes the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, as applicable. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or 
otherwise making them available, to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets

--- Page 5 ---
-3- 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers has separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference 
should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision regarding

--- Page 6 ---
-4- 
the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and 
appraisal of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group and the terms of the offering, including 
the merits and risks involved. For further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax 
advice. Each prospective investor should determine for itself and/or consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer, the Group or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in 
the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. Each prospective investor in the Notes 
must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it 
deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) or any of 
their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its 
acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations or to 
review or regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in 
certain types of debt securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions 
prior to investing in the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective 
investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the 
jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS – Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be 
aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred 
or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 7 ---
-5- 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................. 13 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ......................................................... 13 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR ............................................... 14 
C. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES .......................................................... 14 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ......................................................................................... 25 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................... 26 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................ 39 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES ............................................................................................... 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................... 42 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF M.A.J. .............................................................................................. 82 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................... 88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................. 89 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................ 91 
RECENT EVENTS .......................................................................................................................... 95 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................. 99 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................... 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 122 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................................. 128 
APPROVAL OF THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS ............................................. 130

--- Page 8 ---
-6- 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Delegated 
Regulation”). It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Prospectus within 
the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this General Description. 
Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is “Elis” (“Elis” or the 
“Company”). 
Guarantor  
The legal name of the Guarantor is “M.A.J.” (“M.A.J.”), and its commercial 
name is “Blanchisseries de Pantin”. 
Nature and 
Scope of the 
Guarantee 
The Notes will, upon their issue, be guaranteed by M.A.J. pursuant to a joint 
and several guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the 
issue date of such Notes (the “Guarantee”). M.A.J. unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons issued by it and in 
accordance with their terms and conditions and subject to the guarantee 
limitations set out in the Guarantee. 
In particular, the Guarantee will only apply to any Notes (i) if, and to the extent, 
the proceeds of the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or 
otherwise made available to the Guarantor and (ii) at any time (including at 
the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly made pursuant to its 
terms), only up to the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other availability arrangements. 
Description  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme 
will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) as per the decision of the Supervisory Board 
(Conseil de surveillance) of the Company dated 8 March 2021.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Amended and 
Restated Dealer Agreement.  
Arranger  
BNP Paribas 
Dealers  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
BNP Paribas

--- Page 9 ---
-7- 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as Dealers for the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealer 
in respect of one or more Tranches.  
Fiscal Agent, 
Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent and 
Registration 
Agent 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
Method of Issue  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical, the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable or identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest, the issue date, the issue price and the nominal amount) with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms 
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issue price 
The Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. 
Form of Notes  
Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes are issued in bearer-dematerialised form (au porteur) 
or registered dematerialised form (au nominatif).

--- Page 10 ---
-8- 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Bearer Notes may only 
be issued outside France.  
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies  
The Notes may be issued in euro, Japanese yen, Sterling, Swiss francs, 
U.S. dollars and Australian dollars and in any other currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Specified 
denomination 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the FSMA unless they are issued to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their business and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by (x) an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or (y) a FBF 
Master Agreement incorporating the relevant FBF Technical Schedules, 
as published from time to time by the FBF; in each case, as amended 
and updated as at the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
(ii) by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR (or such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the Final Terms or any successor rate or any alternative rate),  
in both cases as adjusted for any applicable margin.

--- Page 11 ---
-9- 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 6), the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide a methodology aiming to 
determine the successor or alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest.  
Interest rates 
and interest 
periods 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. The Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless a higher minimum rate of interest is provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes any applicable margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent.  
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes.  
Optional 
Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of the Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and, 
if so, the applicable terms to such redemption. 
Redemption at 
the option of 
Noteholders 
following a 
change of 
control 
If a change of control occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require 
the Issuer to redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder. 
Make-Whole 
Redemption by 
the Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer may, having given the appropriate notice, redeem, in whole or in 
part, the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at any time prior to 
their Maturity Date at their relevant optional redemption amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) on the date specified in such notice. 
Residual 
Maturity Call 
Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall 
be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date.

--- Page 12 ---
-10- 
Clean-Up Call 
Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 80 per cent of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Notes of the same Series or 
any other percentage higher than 80 per cent specified in the relevant Final 
Terms has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and 
cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem, in whole but not in part, the 
Notes then outstanding, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date set for redemption. 
Early 
Redemption 
Except as provided in “Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual 
Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call Option” and “Optional Redemption” 
above, the Notes may or in certain circumstances shall be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. 
Status of the 
Notes 
The principal and interest on the Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the Negative Pledge provisions below) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with 
all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, 
obligations and guarantees of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge 
As long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, 
remain outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will ensure that 
none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below in Condition 5) or Future 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined below in Condition 5) will grant any Security 
Interest (as defined below in Condition 5) over any of their respective assets, 
rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined 
below in Condition 5) incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries (whether before or after the issuance of the Notes) 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (y) are given the 
benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through 
a Written Resolution.  
Status of the 
Guarantee and 
Negative Pledge 
The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the Negative Pledge provisions) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and rank and will at all times rank (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
similar guarantees granted by the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee 
have been paid, it will not grant any Security Interest over any of its assets, 
rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt incurred or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether before or after the issuance of the 
Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (y) are 
given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse

--- Page 13 ---
-11- 
of the Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or 
through a Written Resolution. 
The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be 
limited, at any time, to an amount equal to the aggregate of all amounts 
directly or indirectly on-lent or otherwise made available to the Guarantor from 
the proceeds of the Notes under intercompany loan agreements granted by 
the Issuer, cash-pooling arrangements in which the Issuer participates or 
otherwise and outstanding at the date a payment is to be made by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee; it being specified that any payment made by 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall reduce pro tanto the outstanding 
amount of the intercompany loans or other amounts due by the Guarantor 
under the intercompany loan agreements, cash-pooling arrangements or 
otherwise referred to above, that any repayment of the intercompany loans 
or other amount due under any cash-pooling arrangements or otherwise by 
the Guarantor shall reduce pro tanto the amount payable under this 
Guarantee and that any payment paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
shall reduce pro tanto the amount of the intercompany loans or other amount 
due by the Guarantor to the Issuer under any cash-pooling arrangements or 
otherwise. 
Events of Default 
The Notes may become due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon following the occurrence of an event of 
default in respect of the Notes. The events of default in respect of the Notes 
include, in particular, an interest payment default under the Notes or a 
payment default under the Guarantee, a default in the performance of, or 
compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the Notes or of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, a cross default and certain additional events 
affecting the Issuer, its Material Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 
Ratings  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated 
“Ba2” (stable outlook) by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), “BB” (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P Global Ratings”) and 
“BBB (low)” (stable outlook) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS Morningstar”). 
The ratings of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 14 ---
-12- 
If applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest made 
by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon or by the Guarantor in respect 
of the Guarantee be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor, will, save in certain circumstances, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case 
may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Admission to 
Trading 
Notes of any particular Series may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or such other stock exchanges (whether a regulated market or not) as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or unlisted. The applicable 
Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Selling 
Restrictions  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on distribution of offering material, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions  
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes pursuant to Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Governing law 
The Notes and the Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law.

--- Page 15 ---
-13- 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference herein, in particular the 2020 
Universal Registration Document (as defined below)), and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe are specific to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the Notes and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their operations that are inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes and/or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantee may occur for other reasons and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The 
risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer and the Guarantor face. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer and the Guarantor or that they currently believe to 
be immaterial could also have a material impact on their business operations.  
For the purpose of this section headed “Risk factors”, the “Group” is defined as the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, including the Guarantor. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks factors relating to the Group and its activity are described on pages 130 to 141 of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Those risk factors include the following: 
 
Strategic risks (including risks related to the significant decline in occupancy rates in the 
Hospitality sector; risks related to acquisitions, integrations and disposals; and risks related to 
the competitive landscape);  
 
Operational risks related to the Group’s business (including risks related to IT systems; risks 
related to the Group’s international operations; risks related to the customer base; risks related 
to supply chain disruptions; and risks related to fires and industrial accidents); 
 
Financial risks (including liquidity risk and currency risk); and 
 
Legal, regulatory, and tax risks (including risks related to disputes and litigations; risks related 
to compliance with antitrust regulations; and risks related to mandatory regulations in certain 
business sectors in which the Group operates).

--- Page 16 ---
-14- 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR  
The risks related to the Guarantor are similar to those listed for the Issuer and the Group, being 
provided that as regards operational activities, the Guarantor runs a high number of industrial 
laundries, had an average workforce of 6,700 employees on 31 December 2020 and is virtually 
exclusively active in France. 
C. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes to be 
offered and/or admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
They do not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes.  
1. Risks relating to the trading market of the Notes 
(i) 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and/or admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will 
be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or that of the Group and a 
number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield 
rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or the Group deteriorates, this could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, 
as a result, (i) the Issuer and/or may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under 
the Notes and/or the Guarantee and (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally 
and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are 
traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder.  
(ii) 
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes/No Active Secondary Market for the 
Notes  
Application may be made to list and/or admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market. The Notes may not have an established trading 
market when issued and one may not develop. There can be no assurance of a secondary market 
for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The absence of liquidity may 
have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a 
number of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable 
reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, 
the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the 
maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes 
as specified in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the performance of other 
instruments (e.g., commodities or securities) linked to the reference rates and the level, direction 
and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
-15- 
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise 
their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a 
result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(iii) 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls  
The principal of, or any return on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or 
more Specified Currencies (including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or 
currency units) specified in the relevant Final Terms. For investors whose financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency, or where principal or return in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the 
value of one or more Specified Currencies other than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, 
an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a debt security denominated and payable in such Investor’s Currency. Such risks 
include, without limitation, the possibility of significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between 
the applicable specified currency and the Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition 
or modification of exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such Specified Currency 
or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, 
economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable Specified 
Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on a Note 
denominated, or the principal of or return on which is payable, in such Specified Currency, in the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity (if any) and 
generally in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of such Note. In addition, depending 
on the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference 
to the value of, one or more Specified Currencies (other than solely the Investor’s Currency), 
fluctuations in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved could 
result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result 
in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future 
impose, exchange controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, 
of the specified currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return 
in respect of such Note. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested 
from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
2. Risks relating to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues 
(i) 
French Insolvency Law  
As sociétés anonymes incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. Under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into 
a single assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) in case of the opening in France of an accelerated 
preservation (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or an accelerated financial preservation 
(procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or a preservation (procédure de sauvegarde) or a

--- Page 18 ---
-16- 
judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, in order to defend their common interests.  
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes) or 
under which payments remain due under the Guarantee, whether or not under the debt issuance 
programme of the Issuer (such as a Euro Medium Term Notes programme) and regardless of their 
governing law.  
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), 
accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), accelerated financial 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or judicial reorganisation plan 
(projet de plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer or the Guarantor and may further agree 
to:  
 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing-off receivables in the form of debt 
securities;  
 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or  
 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may 
give right to the share capital.  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 12, decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a 
two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the debt securities held by the holders expressing 
a vote). No quorum is required on convocation of the Assembly.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders 
described in Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus 
and, if applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms will not be applicable to the extent 
that they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse 
impact on holders of the Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Issuer’s Subsidiaries were to become insolvent.  
In addition, it should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring 
frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency 
of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive 
(EU) 2017/1132 has been adopted by the European Union on 20 June 2019. Once transposed into 
French law (which is scheduled to occur by 17 July 2021 at the latest), such directive should have 
a material impact on French insolvency law, especially with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Directive, “affected parties” 
(i.e., creditors, including the Noteholders) must be treated in separate classes which reflect certain 
class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in 
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to 
justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. As 
a minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of 
adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected 
parties, provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and

--- Page 19 ---
-17- 
every class (the required majorities shall be laid down by Member States at not higher than 
75 per cent in the amount of claims or interests in each class). If the restructuring plan is not 
approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may, however, be confirmed by a 
judicial or administrative authority by applying a cross-class cram-down.  
Therefore, when such directive is transposed into French law, it is likely that the Noteholders will 
no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they 
will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, 
the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors), and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor would have a 
material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by 
the Assembly or a class of creditor, as the case may be, could negatively impact the Noteholders 
and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts 
due to them from the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the principal and interest 
on the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
5.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, while the Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor. Therefore, any investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. If the financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor deteriorates, they may not 
be able to fulfil all or part of their payment obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee, as 
the case may be, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. The price of the Notes will 
also depend on the creditworthiness, or perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer. If the 
creditworthiness, or the perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer deteriorates, the value of the 
Notes may decrease and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
(iii) 
Potential conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers which may be appointed in relation to a given issuance of Notes and 
their affiliates may engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory 
and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and the Guarantor and in relation to 
securities issued by any entity of the Group. They may (i) engage in investment, banking, trading 
or hedging activities including in activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering 
of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, some 
of such Dealers may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Hence, the 
Dealers for a Tranche of Notes may have interests differing from the Noteholders’ interests with 
respect to the implementation of an issue of Notes.  
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the 
Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 20 ---
-18- 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers may from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with 
respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable 
upon redemption of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Modification and waivers  
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit in certain cases 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and 
Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant Written Resolution. In the event where 
a decision to modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would be adopted by a defined majority 
of Noteholders and such modifications would impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
3. Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, 
each Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features 
of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if 
any, redemption and issue price. 
(i) 
Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, or in whole or in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided in Condition 
7(b), a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7(c), a residual maturity call option as 
provided in Condition 7(d), or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7(i). In addition, the 
Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, further 
to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 7(g). 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
negatively affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, 
since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively 
low, a Noteholder might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been 
redeemed. 
As a consequence, the yields received by the Noteholders upon such early redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
-19- 
Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative 
impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be significant. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Condition 
7(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the 
Clean-Up Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
(ii) 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is exercisable in whole or in part and 
exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 7(c) is exercisable in whole or in 
part. If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid. The absence of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Exercise of the Put Option in case of Change of Control in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such 
option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option in case 
of Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(l), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid. The absence of liquidity may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. 
An investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite 
direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the 
yield of the Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate 
decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of the Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to 
losses for Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds 
the Fixed Rate of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
-20- 
(v) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a 
margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. These 
reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a 
higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous 
Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a 
reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Due to varying interest income on the Floating Rate Notes, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
(vi) 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference 
Rates that constitute benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (as amended, the “Benchmark Regulation”). Most of the 
provisions of the Benchmark Regulation have applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmark 
Regulation was recently amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 10 February 2021, which 
(i) introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being 
replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of 
cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called 
“fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or 
competent national authorities; (ii) extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2023; and (iii) empowered the Commission to further extend this 
transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Benchmark Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the Benchmarks (Amendment and 
Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 has applied in the UK since the end of the Brexit 
transition period on 31 December 2020 (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”). 
The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation apply to “contributors”, 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively. Among other 
things, the Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, respectively, to be

--- Page 23 ---
-21- 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, 
respectively, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK-
supervised 
entities, 
respectively, 
of 
“benchmarks” 
of 
administrators 
that 
are 
not 
authorised/registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, respectively, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” changed in order to comply with the terms of 
the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or to contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
For example, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that it 
will no longer persuade or compel panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London 
Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the 
FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided or no longer be 
representative immediately after 31 December 2021 (save for certain USD LIBOR settings, which 
are expected to cease being provided after 30 June 2023). Therefore, the continuation of LIBOR in 
its current form (or at all) after 2021 cannot be guaranteed. 
The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or the potential elimination of any other benchmark, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, may require an adjustment to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked 
to such benchmark (including, but not limited to, Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to LIBOR) depending on the specific provisions of the relevant terms and conditions applicable to 
the Notes. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value 
of and return on any such Notes. 
Other interbank offered rates such as EURIBOR (the “Euro Interbank Offered Rate”) (together 
with LIBOR, the “IBORs”) suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and as a result may be 
discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration. 
Changes to the administration of an IBOR or the emergence of alternatives to an IBOR, may cause 
such IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The discontinuation of an IBOR or changes to its 
administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect 
of any Notes referencing or linked to such IBOR. The development of alternatives to an IBOR may 
result in Notes linked to or referencing such IBOR performing differently than would otherwise have 
been the case if the alternatives to such IBOR had not developed. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing 
such IBOR.

--- Page 24 ---
-22- 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including SONIA (for Sterling 
LIBOR) and rates that may be derived from SONIA) are being developed, in the absence of any 
legislative measures, outstanding notes linked to or referencing an IBOR will only transition away 
from such IBOR in accordance with their particular terms and conditions. However, it should be 
noted that, if an IBOR were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable, the Rate of 
Interest of the Notes will be determined for the relevant period pursuant to the fallback provisions 
applicable to the Notes that may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the 
competent national authority, as mentioned above. 
(vii) 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and LIBOR, EURIBOR or another Reference 
Rate has been selected as the Reference Rate, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide 
that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its 
successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the 
Relevant Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of 
Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks 
communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not 
submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may 
ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the Original Reference Rate was unavailable. Uncertainty as to the continuation of 
such Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that 
would be applicable if such Original Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value 
of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 6(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the 
Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the 
Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be 
determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an

--- Page 25 ---
-23- 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes 
linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, 
or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in 
the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is a “LIBOR” 
Floating Rate Option or a “EURIBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from 
certain banks. If LIBOR or EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or 
quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead 
to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the 
value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Where FBF Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating 
Rate in the FBF Definitions. Where the Floating Rate specified is a “LIBOR” Floating Rate or a 
“EURIBOR” Floating Rate, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant 
screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If LIBOR or 
EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the 
Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
-24- 
(viii) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision 
of the Issuer at a date specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total 
borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating rate, the rate spread between the fixed 
rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be, at any time, 
lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes and any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
(ix) 
Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
The market values of the Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
Any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
4. Risks relating to the Guarantee 
The Guarantee is in the form of a cautionnement solidaire and not a garantie autonome à première 
demande (an autonomous first demand guarantee) and is accordingly subject to certain limitations 
on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws and/or subject to certain defences that may 
limit its validity and enforceability.  
In addition, the Guarantee will apply to any Notes, (i) only if and to the extent that, the proceeds of 
the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or otherwise made available to the 
Guarantor and (ii) at any time (including at the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly 
made pursuant to its terms), only up to the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other availability arrangements. Consequently, 
Noteholders may not know the precise amount covered by the Guarantee upon issuance of the 
Notes. Finally, any amount due by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons, which will eventually 
be paid by the Guarantor to any Noteholder will reduce the aggregate amount covered by the 
Guarantee and the remaining amount may not cover additional amounts called by other 
Noteholders pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee. Please refer to the section “Form of Guarantee 
of M.A.J.” on pages 82 to 87 of this Base Prospectus notably as regards the Guarantee limitations.  
Consequently, the Noteholders may not be able to recover amounts due to them by the Issuer 
through the exercise of the Guarantee and the Guarantee limitations referred to above could 
negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 27 ---
-25- 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference and/or supplements 
thereto from time to time) may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including 
statements with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group’s business strategies, 
expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, 
“anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak 
only as of the date hereof. These forward looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under the Delegated Regulation.

--- Page 28 ---
-26- 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained 
in the following sections which are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
1. Documents related to the Issuer: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
Universal Registration Document for the year ended 31 December 2020 filed with 
the AMF under No. D.21-0228 on 30 March 2021 prepared by the Issuer (the “2020 
Universal Registration Document”) which contains, inter alia, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 
2020 
and 
the 
statutory 
auditors 
report 
thereon 
(https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2021/03/30/Elis%20-%20Document%20d 
%27enregistrement%20universel%202020_0.pdf); 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
Universal Registration Document for the year ended 31 December 2019 filed with 
the AMF under No. D.20-0236 on 2 April 2020 prepared by the Issuer (the “2019 
Universal Registration Document”) which contains, inter alia, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 
2019 
and 
the 
statutory 
auditors 
report 
thereon 
(https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2020/04/07/Elis%20-%20Document%20d 
%27enregistrement%20universel%202019_1.pdf); 
2. Documents related to the Guarantor:  
(a) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2020 audited statutory annual financial statements of the Guarantor (comptes 
annuels audités 2020) for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020 Audited 
Statutory Annual Financial Statements”) (https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/ 
files/2021/05/03/MAJ_Rapport%20du%20Commissaire%20aux%20comptes%20
sur%20comptes%20annuels%20clos%20le%2031.12.2020.pdf);  
(b) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2020 management report (rapport de gestion 2020) of the Board of Directors to 
the shareholders’ general meeting of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (the “2020 Management Report”) (https://fr.elis.com/sites/ 
fr.elis.com/files/2021/05/03/MAJ_rapport%20de%20gestion%20du%20conseil%2
0d%27administration%20sur%20les%20comptes%20clos%20le%2031.12.2020.
pdf);  
(c) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2019 audited statutory annual financial statements of the Guarantor (comptes 
annuels audités 2019) for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 Audited 
Statutory Annual Financial Statements”) (https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/ 
files/2020/04/20/M.A.J.%20-%20Comptes%20annuels%20audités%20et%20rap 
port%20du%20commissaire%20aux%20comptes%20-%20Exercice%20clos%20 
le%2031%20décembre%202019.PDF); and

--- Page 29 ---
-27- 
(d) 
the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language version of the 
2019 management report (rapport de gestion 2019) of the Board of Directors to 
the shareholders’ general meeting of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 
December 
2019 
(the 
“2019 
Management 
Report”) 
(https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2020/04/20/M.A.J.%20-%20Rapport%20 
de%20gestion%20du%20Conseil%20d%27Administration%20-%20Exercice%20 
clos%20le%2031%20décembre%202019.pdf); 
3. The section “Terms and conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 30 January 2018 (pages 136 to 172) approved by the AMF under No. 18-031 on 30 
January 
2018 
(the 
“EMTN 
2018 
Conditions”) 
(https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/ 
files/2019/12/30/Elis%20-%20EMTN%20-%20Prospectus%20de%20Base_0.pdf) 
and 
the 
section “Terms and conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 26 March 2019 (pages 102 to 142) approved by the AMF under No. 19-116 on 26 March 
2019 
(the 
“EMTN 
2019 
Conditions”) 
(https://fr.elis.com/sites/fr.elis.com/files/2019/ 
12/30/Elis%20-%20EMTN%20-%20Prospectus%20de%20base%202019.pdf). 
Such documents and sections shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that (i) any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), and (ii) any statement contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a section which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any section which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
For as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, copies of this 
Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to the 
Notes and any document incorporated by reference therein will be available for viewing on the 
Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business 
hours from Elis, 5, Boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(a) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on Euronext Paris or any other regulated 
market (for the purposes of MiFID II) in the European Economic Area; and 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any document 
incorporated by reference therein, except for the documents related to the 
Guarantor. 
Free English translations of (i) the 2020 Universal Registration Document, (ii) the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document, (iii) the 2020 Audited Statutory Annual Financial Statements, (iv) the 2020 
Management Report, (v) the 2019 Audited Statutory Annual Financial Statements and (vi) the 2019 
Management Report are available on the website of the Issuer for information purposes only.

--- Page 30 ---
-28- 
In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and 
what they consist of.  
Furthermore, no information on the website of the Issuer (www.elis.com) nor the website itself forms 
any part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
The cross-reference tables below set out the relevant page references for the information 
incorporated herein by reference. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-incorporated parts of the 
documents referred to in the cross-reference tables below shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and are either covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or not relevant for investors. 
 
Information incorporated by reference in relation to the Issuer:  
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
Rule 
 
2020 Universal Registration Document (2020 URD) 
2019 Universal Registration Document (2019 URD) 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
 
 
N/A 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1. 
 Names and addresses of the Issuer’s auditors for 
the period covered by the historical financial 
information 
2020 URD Page 284 
2.2. 
 If auditors have resigned, been removed or not been 
re-appointed during the period covered by the 
historical financial information, details if material 
N/A 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the Issuer and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed “Risk 
Factors”. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror or person asking 
for admission to trading on a regulated market, 
taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer 
and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
2020 URD Pages 130 to 141

--- Page 31 ---
-29- 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1. 
 History and development of the Issuer: 
 
4.1.1. 
 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
N/A 
4.1.2. 
 Place of registration of the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
2020 URD Page 268 
4.1.3. 
 Date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
2020 URD Page 268 
4.1.4. 
 The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
2020 URD Page 268 
4.1.5. 
 Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of 
the Issuer’s solvency 
2020 URD Pages 161, 188, 239 and 247 
4.1.6. 
 Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the request 
or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating 
process 
2020 URD Page 218 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. 
 Principal activities: 
 
5.1.1. 
 A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed 
2020 URD Pages 3 to 37 
5.1.2. 
 The basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
N/A 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. 
 If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of 
the group and the Issuer’s position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure.  
2020 URD Pages 279 to 281 
6.2. 
 If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
N/A

--- Page 32 ---
-30- 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
7.1. 
 A description of: 
N/A 
 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of the 
last financial period for which financial 
information has been published to the date of 
the registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the Issuer 
should 
include 
(an) 
appropriate 
negative 
statement(s). 
 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
 
 
N/A 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1. 
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
Issuer of the following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that Issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that Issuer: 
2020 URD Pages 42 to 59 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
9.2. 
 Administrative, 
Management 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the Issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
N/A 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1. 
 To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the 
Issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such 
control, and describe the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is not abused 
2020 URD Page 273 
10.2. 
 A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Issuer 
2020 URD Page 275

--- Page 33 ---
-31- 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. 
 Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1. 
 Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the Issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of each year. 
 
 
(a) balance sheet 
2020 URD Pages 170, 178 to 179, and 243 to 244 
2019 URD Pages 160 and 234 to 235 
 
(b) the income statement 
2020 URD Pages 162, 168 to 169, 177 to 178, and 245 
2019 URD Pages 158 to 159 and 236  
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
2020 URD Pages 171 and 180 
2019 URD Page 161 
 
(d) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2020 URD Pages 174 to 239 and 247 to 261  
2019 URD Pages 164 to 230 and 238 to 251 
11.1.2. 
 If the Issuer prepares both own and consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document.  
2020 URD Pages 168 to 239 and 243 to 261 
2019 URD Pages 158 to 230 and 234 to 251 
11.2. 
 Auditing of historical financial information  
 
11.2.1. 
 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014. 
2020 URD Pages 240 to 242 and 262 to 264 
2019 URD Pages 231 to 233 and 252 to 254 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
2020 URD Page 240 
2019 URD Page 231 
11.2.2. 
 An indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
11.2.3. 
 Where financial data in the registration document is 
not extracted from the Issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and state 
that the data is unaudited. 
N/A

--- Page 34 ---
-32- 
11.3. 
 Legal and arbitration proceedings  
 
11.3.1. 
 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on the Issuer 
and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
2020 URD Pages 139, 140 and 213 to 216 
11.4. 
 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial or 
trading position 
 
11.4.1. 
 A description of any significant change in the 
financial position of the group which has occurred 
since the end of the last financial period for which 
either audited financial information or interim 
financial information have been published, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
N/A 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1. 
 A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
2020 URD Page 278 
13. 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
 
A statement that for the term of the registration 
document 
the 
following 
documents, 
where 
applicable, can be inspected: 
N/A 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of 
association of the Issuer; 
 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, 
valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer’s request any part of 
which is included or referred to in the 
registration document. 
 
 
An indication of the website on which the documents 
may be inspected.

--- Page 35 ---
-33- 
Information incorporated by reference in relation to the Guarantor: 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
Rule 
 
2020 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer 
(2020 URD) 
2020 
Audited 
Statutory 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements & Auditor Report (2020 ASAFS) 
2020 Management Report (2020 MR) 
2019 
Audited 
Statutory 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements & Auditor Report (2019 ASAFS) 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
 
 
N/A 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1. 
 Names and addresses of the Guarantor’s auditors 
for the period covered by the historical financial 
information 
2020 MR Page 14 
2.2. 
 If auditors have resigned, been removed or not been 
re-appointed during the period covered by the 
historical financial information, details if material 
N/A 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the Guarantor and that may affect the Guarantor’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in 
a limited number of categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’. 
2020 URD Pages 130 to 141 
2020 MR Page 4 
 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Guarantor, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative impact on 
the 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
probability 
of 
their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk factors 
shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
4.1. 
 History and development of the Guarantor: 
 
4.1.1. 
 Legal and commercial name of the Guarantor 
N/A 
4.1.2. 
 Place of registration of the Guarantor, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
N/A

--- Page 36 ---
-34- 
4.1.3. 
 Date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Guarantor, except where the period is indefinite 
N/A 
4.1.4. 
 The domicile and legal form of the Guarantor, the 
legislation under which the Guarantor operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Guarantor, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not form 
part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
N/A 
4.1.5. 
 Any recent events particular to the Guarantor and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Guarantor’s solvency  
2020 ASAFS Page 8 of the financial statements 
2020 MR Page 8 
4.1.6. 
 Credit ratings assigned to the Guarantor at the 
request or with the cooperation of the Guarantor in 
the rating process 
N/A 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. 
Principal activities: 
 
5.1.1. 
 A brief description of the Guarantor’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed 
2020 ASAFS Page 6 of the financial statements 
2020 MR Pages 1 and 4 to 7 
5.1.2. 
 The basis for any statements made by the Guarantor 
regarding its competitive position. 
N/A  
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. 
 If the Guarantor is part of a group, a brief description 
of the group and the Guarantor’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied 
by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure.  
2020 MR Pages 1 and 4 to 8 
2020 URD Pages 279 to 281 
6.2. 
 If the Guarantor is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated together 
with an explanation of this dependence. 
N/A 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
7.1. 
 A description of: 
N/A 
 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Guarantor since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements; and 
 
 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of the 
last financial period for which financial

--- Page 37 ---
-35- 
information has been published to the date of 
the registration document. 
 
If neither of the above are applicable then the 
Guarantor should include (an) appropriate negative 
statement(s). 
 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
 
 
N/A 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1. 
 Names, business addresses and functions within the 
Guarantor of the following persons and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside 
of that Guarantor where these are significant with 
respect to that Guarantor: 
N/A 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
 
 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
9.2. 
 Administrative, 
Management 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
N/A 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the Guarantor, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, 
and their private interests and or other duties must 
be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1. 
 To the extent known to the Guarantor, state whether 
the Guarantor is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and describe the nature of 
such control, and describe the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is not abused 
N/A 
10.2. 
 A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Guarantor, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the 
Guarantor 
2020 URD Page 275 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GUARANTOR’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. 
 Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1. 
 Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the Guarantor has been in

--- Page 38 ---
-36- 
operation and the audit report in respect of each 
year. 
 
(a) balance sheet 
2020 ASAFS Pages 2 to 3 of the financial statements 
2019 ASAFS Pages 3 to 4 of the financial statements 
 
(b) the income statement 
2020 ASAFS Page 4 of the financial statements 
2019 ASAFS Page 5 of the financial statements 
 (c) cash flow statement; and 
N/A 
 
(d) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2020 ASAFS Pages 5 to 35 of the financial statements 
2019 ASAFS Pages 6 to 37 of the financial statements 
11.1.2. 
 If 
the 
Guarantor 
prepares 
both 
own 
and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document.  
N/A 
11.2. 
 Auditing of historical financial information  
 
11.2.1. 
 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014. 
2020 ASAFS Pages 1 to 5 of the audit report 
2019 ASAFS Pages 1 to 5 of the audit report 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
11.2.2. 
 An indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
11.2.3. 
 Where financial data in the registration document is 
not extracted from the Guarantor’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and state 
that the data is unaudited. 
N/A 
11.3. 
 Legal and arbitration proceedings  
 
11.3.1. 
 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is 
aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on the Guarantor’s 
and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
2020 URD Pages 139, 140 and 213 to 216

--- Page 39 ---
-37- 
11.4. 
 Significant change in the Guarantor’s financial 
or trading position 
 
11.4.1. 
 A description of any significant change in the 
financial position of the group which has occurred 
since the end of the last financial period for which 
either audited financial information or interim 
financial information have been published, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
N/A 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1. 
 A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Guarantor’s business, which could result in any 
group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Guarantor’s ability 
to meet its obligations to security holders in respect 
of the securities being issued. 
N/A 
13. 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
 
A statement that for the term of the registration 
document 
the 
following 
documents, 
where 
applicable, can be inspected: 
N/A 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of 
association of the Guarantor; 
 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, 
valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Guarantor’s request any part of 
which is included or referred to in the 
registration document. 
 
 
An indication of the website on which the documents 
may be inspected. 
 
 
Investors should when reading the information incorporated by reference take into account the 
“Recent Events” section of this Base Prospectus which may modify or supersede the information 
incorporated by reference.

--- Page 40 ---
-38- 
The EMTN 2018 Conditions and the EMTN 2019 Conditions are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with Notes already issued pursuant to EMTN 2018 Conditions or EMTN 2019 
Conditions. 
EMTN PREVIOUS CONDITIONS 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 102 to 142 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 26 March 2019 
EMTN 2018 Conditions  
Pages 136 to 172 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 30 January 2018

--- Page 41 ---
-39- 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion 
would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a restated Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and, as such, will be 
submitted to the AMF for the purposes of obtaining its approval thereon.

--- Page 42 ---
-40- 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or 
Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.  
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or substantially in, the 
form set out in the Schedules to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised 
Bearer Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Exchange Date for such

--- Page 43 ---
-41- 
Temporary Global Certificate may be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Bearer Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
-42- 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to 
the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be 
endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) dated 6 May 2021 has been agreed between Elis 
(the “Issuer”), M.A.J. (the “Guarantor”), CACEIS Corporate Trust as fiscal agent and the other 
agents named in it in relation to the Programme. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal 
Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration 
Agent”, the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation 
Agent(s)”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case 
of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
 
“day” means a calendar day; 
 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Final Terms”), in (x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case 
they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined 
below), or (y) registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, 
at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered dematerialised

--- Page 45 ---
-43- 
form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts 
of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders 
or in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Registration Agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, according 
to Article L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time 
request from the central depositary identification information of holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the 
case may be, email address of such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means 
any financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking SA (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Article L. 211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities 
(such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must 
be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) or such higher amount in such currency as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any 
applicable laws or regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-
3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may

--- Page 46 ---
-44- 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or 
its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears 
in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the 
case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and (iii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who 
appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in 
such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the 
applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, 
without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty 
(30) days’ notice in accordance with Condition 16 and on or after the date on which 
the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of 
the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the 
“Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in 
either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred 
to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from

--- Page 47 ---
-45- 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The 
Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. Any balance remaining from the redenomination 
with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to 
the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 15, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 15 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests 
of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses 
in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur).

--- Page 48 ---
-46- 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R. 211-4 of the Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised 
Notes may not be exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3. 
GUARANTEE 
The Notes will upon their issue be guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a joint and 
several guarantee (cautionnement solidaire) to be dated on or before the issue date of 
such Notes (the “Guarantee”). The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees 
the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes and Coupons issued by it and in accordance with the terms and conditions and 
subject to the guarantee limitations set out in the Guarantee. The obligations of the 
Guarantor in this respect arise pursuant to the guarantee agreement set out in the section 
entitled “Form of Guarantee of M.A.J.” of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND OF THE GUARANTEE 
4.1 
Status of Notes 
The principal and interest on the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will at all times rank pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations 
and guarantees of the Issuer. 
4.2 
Status of the Guarantee in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer 
The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.2) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will at all 
times rank pari passu (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future similar guarantees granted by the 
Guarantor. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
5.1 
Issuer 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will ensure that

--- Page 49 ---
-47- 
none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) or Future Material Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) will grant any Security Interest (as defined below) over any of their 
respective assets, rights or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (as 
defined below) incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(whether before or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or 
(y) are given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution in each case in accordance with Condition 12. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Future Material Subsidiary” means any Person which becomes, whether by the 
acquisition of share capital or otherwise, after the date of issue of the Notes, a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer whose turnover (chiffre d’affaires) and EBITDA exceeds twenty-five per cent 
(25%) of the consolidated turnover and EBITDA of the Issuer.  
“Material Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose turnover (chiffre d’affaires) 
and EBITDA exceeds three per cent. (3%) of the consolidated turnover and EBITDA of the 
Issuer.  
For the purpose of the definitions of Material Subsidiary and Future Material Subsidiary, (i) 
EBITDA is defined as EBIT before depreciation and amortization net of the portion of grants 
transferred to income and (ii) EBIT is defined as net income (loss) before net financial 
expense, income tax, share in income of equity-accounted companies, amortization of 
customer relationships, goodwill impairment, other operating income and expenses, 
miscellaneous financial items (bank fees recognized in operating income) and expenses 
related to IFRS 2 (share-based payments). 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other 
than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in 
respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8(a), (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 8(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent 
as provided in Conditions 8(b) and 8(c) and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes 
are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of 
which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of 
ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to

--- Page 50 ---
-48- 
approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on 
behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding. 
“Person” includes any company, corporation, firm, partnership or joint venture. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (titres de créance, 
excluding for the avoidance of doubt, titres de créances négociables) which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, multilateral trading facility, over-the-counter market or other securities 
market. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security 
interest (sûreté réelle) including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the 
foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by 
it within the meaning of Article L. 233-3, I and II of the French Code de commerce. 
5.2 
Guarantor 
The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee have been 
paid, it will not grant any Security Interest over any of its assets, rights or revenues, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Debt incurred or guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether 
before or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Notes (x) are equally and rateably secured therewith or 
(y) are given the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the 
Noteholders whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution in each case in accordance with Condition 12. 
6. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in 
(i) the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) published 
by the Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) (together, as amended and updated as at 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, the “FBF Master 
Agreement”), and (ii) in the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), have either been used or reproduced in this 
Condition 6:  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, 
to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 51 ---
-49- 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (i) above has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; 
or  
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent 
Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a determined interest period in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which 
would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will 
be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 52 ---
-50- 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, such public 
statement will not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in the relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference 
Rate is permanently or indefinitely discontinued or prohibited or will be deemed no longer 
representative. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the Trans European 
Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) 
system or any successor thereto (the “TARGET System”) is operating (a 
“TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency other than euro, a day 
which is a TARGET Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency and/or one or more 
Business Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business 
Centre(s)”) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) 
so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 — FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and

--- Page 53 ---
-51- 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year 
in each case where 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 54 ---
-52- 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2


















360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 55 ---
-53- 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time”, “Relevant Currency” and “Relevant 
Screen Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement, as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
(2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
-54- 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval 
of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
be either LIBOR or EURIBOR or such other rate specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
-55- 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) 
on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to 
either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
-56- 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux 
Variable), “Calculation Agent” (Agent), “Floating Rate Determination 
Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” 
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 59 ---
-57- 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR 
or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined 
as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
III. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
6(c)(iii)(C)I applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 6(c)(iii)(C)II applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
IV. 
if paragraph (III) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 60 ---
-58- 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(D) 
Benchmark Event 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate and Screen 
Rate Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply and 
shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor

--- Page 61 ---
-59- 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a) 
shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
independent expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii)  
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) and the 
Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the

--- Page 62 ---
-60- 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such 
information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by one 
authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i)  
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) 
the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate 
and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments as determined by 
the Independent Adviser in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii)  
certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed that 
the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
(f)  
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate

--- Page 63 ---
-61- 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. For the sake of clarity, where, in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms, a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, and notwithstanding the fact that the 
Rate of Interest shall remain the one determined in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period as indicated above, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
6(c)(iii)(D) (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless 
and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g)  
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the 
then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure 
that the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original Reference Rate. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date 
set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. 
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 7(f)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or

--- Page 64 ---
-62- 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall 
be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) 
shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save 
in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption 
Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts 
in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the

--- Page 65 ---
-63- 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market 
so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 5.1). If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank engaged in the interbank market to 
act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of 
the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its 
nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 66 ---
-64- 
Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, prior to their Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the 
“Optional Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
“Optional Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 7(c) an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater 
of: 
(x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and,  
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on such Notes until the Maturity Date or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, until the Call Option Date (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus 
a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms),  
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
“Redemption Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the third (3rd) business day preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)).  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day in Paris preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16.

--- Page 67 ---
-65- 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders 
of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances and taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange requirements on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of, Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements on which the 
Notes are admitted to trading. 
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(c) shall be deemed void and of 
no effect in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the 
Issuer, the relevant Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such 
Note in accordance with Condition 7(d) below. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders, at 
any time as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which shall 
be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, redeem 
the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption including, where applicable, any arrears of interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paris Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 68 ---
-66- 
(f) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(g) or 
Condition 7(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(g) or Condition 7(k) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(e). Where such 
calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(g) or Condition 7(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears 
of interest). 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of, French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons (assuming, in the case of the Guarantee, that a payment thereunder were

--- Page 69 ---
-67- 
required to be made on any such date) or, where applicable (if it were called) under 
the Guarantee, not be able to make such payment without having to pay Additional 
Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 9 below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or 
deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee) 
would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons (assuming, in the case of the Guarantee, that a payment thereunder were 
required to be made on any such date) be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts 
then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay Additional Amounts 
contained in Condition 9 below, then the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility 
of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
the event that at least 80 percent of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the 
same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15) or any other 
percentage higher than 80 percent as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up 
Percentage”) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and 
cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 70 ---
-68- 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and (where 
applicable) the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market 
of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a 
list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French 
law becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to 
having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest). 
(l) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of 
Control: 
If a Change of Control occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the 
Put Date (as defined below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to 
but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in 
case of Change of Control”) shall operate as set out below. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Change of Control, the circumstances giving 
rise to the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this 
Condition. 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes 
to be so redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the 
Issuer a duly completed redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control

--- Page 71 ---
-69- 
Put Notice”), in which such Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to 
be made under this paragraph, within the period (the “Put Period”) of sixty (60) days after 
a Change of Control Notice is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer 
written notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control of which it is aware and (ii) the 
Issuer fails to give a Change of Control Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of 
the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which 
case the Put Period will start from such third (3rd) Business Day and will end on the day 
falling sixty (60) days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem, 
or procure purchase for, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of 
Control has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the 
Notes, on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period 
(the “Put Date”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Change of Control Put Notice. 
For the purpose of this Condition, “Change of Control” means any individual or legal entity 
acting alone or several individuals or legal entities acting in concert, acquires the control of 
the Issuer, it being specified that the notion of “control” shall mean the fact of holding 
(directly or indirectly through the intermediary of companies themselves controlled by the 
individuals or legal entities concerned) (x) the majority of the voting rights attached to the 
shares or (y) more than 40 per cent. of such voting rights if no other shareholder of the 
Issuer, acting alone or in concert, holds (directly or indirectly through the intermediary of 
companies controlled by this or these shareholders) a greater percentage of voting rights 
than the percentage held. 
8. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
(including under the Guarantee) shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer 
form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in 
the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form) to 
an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France 
Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes (including under the Guarantee) shall be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed 
to an address in, the United States.

--- Page 72 ---
-70- 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer 
Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof (including under the 
Guarantee) may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in 
the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Guarantor, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 9 or paragraph 7(c) of the Guarantee, as the case may be. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially 
appointed under the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of each 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case 
such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration 
Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in one major European city and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described 
in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.

--- Page 73 ---
-71- 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of 
interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such 
Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such 
Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date 
for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment 
of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest if applicable) shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following

--- Page 74 ---
-72- 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In 
this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a 
bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal or interest and other assimilated revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer (or, as applicable, the Guarantor, with regard to the Guarantee) 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest 
and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon or 
payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer or the Guarantor, will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or 
Couponholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon;  
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in respect of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day; or 
(iii) 
Where such withholding or deduction is imposed as part of France’s 
implementation of an intergovernmental treaty implementing Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
in the case of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in

--- Page 75 ---
-73- 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(g)) or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in 
these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
“interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to 
include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any Noteholder may, by written notice sent to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, 
require that all the Notes held by such Noteholder be redeemed at a price equal to par, if 
any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs: 
(i) 
default by the Issuer in payment of any amount, when due, on any Note (including 
the payment of any Additional Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under 
Condition 9 above), or default by the Guarantor in any payment when due under 
the Guarantee and the continuance of any such default for a period of twenty (20) 
days starting from the date on which payment is due; or 
(ii) 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes or 
default by the Guarantor in the due performance of any provision of the Guarantee, 
if such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, of the written notice of default given 
to the Fiscal Agent by the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
(i) default in payment with respect to any present or future indebtedness for 
borrowed monies of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of seventy-five (75) million euro (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) once this indebtedness is due and payable, within any 
applicable grace period as the case may be; or (ii) any indebtedness for borrowed 
monies, present or future, of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of seventy-five (75) million euro (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) is declared due and payable or shall become due and payable 
as a result of a default; or (iii) default in payment of an amount in excess, 
individually or in aggregate, of seventy-five (75) million euro with respect to any 
security interest granted by the Issuer or by any of its Material Subsidiaries, in 
guarantee of an indebtedness for borrowed monies, when this amount is due and 
payable with respect to this guarantee; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, as part of a preventive or collective 
insolvency proceeding, (i) enters into a mutual agreement with its creditors (accord 
amiable), (ii) is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire), (iii) a judgment is rendered for a transfer of the whole business of the

--- Page 76 ---
-74- 
Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, or (iv) to the extent permitted by law, is 
subject to any analogous preventive or collective insolvency proceeding under any 
applicable law; or 
(v) 
dissolution, liquidation, merger, scission or absorption of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or if the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or announces to cease to carry 
on the whole of its business or substantially the whole of its business, except (i) in 
case of a dissolution, liquidation, merger, scission or absorption, at the end of 
which the whole or substantially the whole of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
business and all the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s undertakings with respect to the 
Notes, are transferred and assumed by any other succeeding legal person or (ii) 
in case of transfer, contribution, scission or any other type of disposal of all or part 
of the Guarantor’s business to the Issuer in one or several transaction(s). 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
12. 
MEETING AND VOTING PROVISIONS 
I. 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of 
Noteholders of all Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the 
Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, 
and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution has 
been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5.1 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in 
paragraph (v) below passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with 
the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (v) below or (y) by a 
Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (vi) (A) below; 
and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 80 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 77 ---
-75- 
II. 
General 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below provisions of this Condition. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce 
with the exception of Article R. 228-69 subject to the following provisions:  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the “Representative”) and in part 
through a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, 
shall exercise the common rights, actions and benefits which now 
or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any 
nationality. However, the following persons may not be chosen as 
Representatives: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Management Board 
(Directoire) 
and 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Conseil 
de 
surveillance), its statutory auditors, or its employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(B) 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of 
the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general 
managers, members of their Board of Directors (Conseil 
d’administration), Management Board (Directoire or 
Comité de Direction), or Supervisory Board (Conseil de 
surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouse; or 
(C) 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share 
capital of the Issuer or companies having 10 per cent. or 
more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or 
who have been deprived of the right of directing, 
administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the 
Masse and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of

--- Page 78 ---
-76- 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in 
connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by 
another Representative. In the event of the death, retirement or 
revocation of appointment of such alternate Representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the 
name and address of the Representative and the alternate 
Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the 
contrary of the General Meeting) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them 
must be brought by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of 
the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by 
the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least 
one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in 
Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting 
will be published as provided under Condition 16 not less than 
fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such General Meeting. Each 
Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, by correspondence or by videoconference or by 
any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification 
of participating Noteholders.

--- Page 79 ---
-77- 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes 
issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in 
respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that 
relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or 
in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including 
authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or 
defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal 
relating to the modification of the Conditions including any 
proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being 
specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the 
liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal 
treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert 
Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only 
if Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth of the 
Notes carrying voting rights. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-
thirds majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such 
General Meetings or represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate in General 
Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, 
Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. 
(vi) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce, in respect of any Series of Dematerialised 
Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of 
convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to

--- Page 80 ---
-78- 
Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way 
of 
electronic 
communication 
allowing 
the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution 
(including by way of Electronic Consent) will be published 
as provided under Condition 16 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with 
by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection 
of 
such 
proposed 
Written 
Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before 
the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose 
of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(vii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and 
whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic 
Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or 
Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the resolution accordingly. 
(viii) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, 
during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General 
Meeting and Written Resolution Date, to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of 
which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any 
of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(ix) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding 
of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, 
more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the 
General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being 
expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
-79- 
(x) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved 
any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iii)(D). 
13. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given 
to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and 
Consolidation Agents from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the 
Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in 
all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the 
relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from 
time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date 
on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the 
Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not 
originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other 
Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
-80- 
16. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be 
valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they 
will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published 
(a) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a daily leading 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they 
are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times), or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent 
authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to 
trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they 
are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange so require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation (i) in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 16. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian 
to the operations of which the Notes are admitted in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by Conditions 16(a), (b) and (c) above; except that (i) so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall 
also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading 
is located, and (ii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General 
Meetings as well as notices seeking approval of a Written Resolution and such Written 
Resolution itself pursuant to Condition 12 shall also be published in a leading daily

--- Page 83 ---
-81- 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon 
notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary 
or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected 
with the Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Guarantee 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons or the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee may be brought before any 
competent court located in Nanterre.

--- Page 84 ---
-82- 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF M.A.J.1 
1. M.A.J., a limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
France, having its registered office at 31 Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer, 93500 Pantin, 
France, registered with the Trade and Company Registry of Bobigny under number 
775 733 835 (the “Guarantor”), making express reference to (i) the EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “EMTN Programme”) established by Elis, a 
limited liability company with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board (société 
anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance) incorporated under the laws of France, 
having its registered office at 5 boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France, and 
registered with the Trade and Company Registry of Nanterre under number 499 668 440 
as issuer (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the base prospectus dated 6 May 2021 which has been 
approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers on 6 May 2021 under No. 21-137 [and 
the supplements thereto] (the “Base Prospectus”), (ii) the final terms dated [●] (the “Final 
Terms”) of [●] [insert description of notes] Notes due [●] issued by the Issuer under the 
EMTN Programme (such Series [●] Tranche [●] Notes, together with the notes of any other 
Tranche of Series [●] issued on or after the date of this Guarantee and grouped in the same 
Masse as Tranche 1 of such Series [●] pursuant to Condition 12 (Meeting and Voting 
Provisions), being referred to as the “Notes”) and (iii) the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms and the relevant Final 
Terms issued in respect of any other Tranche(s) of Series [●] (together the “Conditions”), 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees (the “Guarantee”), as joint and several 
guarantor (caution solidaire), to the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”), the due 
payment of all sums expressed to be due and payable by the Issuer under the Notes and 
Coupons (the “Guaranteed Obligations”) issued by the Issuer in order to secure, in case 
of default of payment of by the Issuer of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the full and 
punctual performance and discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms and conditions hereof and subject to the guarantee limitations set out in 
paragraph 8 below. 
2.  
(a) The Guarantor: 
 
waives irrevocably and expressly its rights of discussion and division (bénéfice 
de discussion and bénéfice de division) as specified in Articles 2298 to 2303 
of the French Code civil and its rights under Article 2309 of the French Code 
civil without any prejudice of its rights to produce its claim in respect of this 
paragraph 2 against the Issuer in any insolvency proceedings provided for in 
the French Code de commerce. The Guarantor thus undertakes to pay any 
Noteholder without having any right to require the Noteholder to pursue the 
Issuer beforehand; 
 
waives its rights under Article 2316 of the French Code civil;  
                                                     
1  
Cautionnement solidaire is a type of a guarantee governed by Article 2288 et seq. of the French Code civil. The 
guarantor’s liability is contingent upon the primary obligor’s own liability. It must be distinguished from the other main 
form of guarantee under French law, the “first demand guarantee” (garantie à première demande) under which the 
guarantor assumes a direct and independent obligation to pay the creditors on demand. The contingent nature of the 
cautionnement has a number of important consequences. These include the fact that the Guarantor is only liable under 
the guarantee if, and to the extent that, the primary debtor is itself liable under the guaranteed obligations.

--- Page 85 ---
-83- 
 
undertakes not to invoke any deadline, or any other measure that could be 
imposed on the creditors of the Issuer in the context of any insolvency 
proceedings; 
 
waives the right, until the complete discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations, 
to initiate any action, recourse (including personal recourse provided for by 
Article 2305 of the French Code Civil) or other right (including subrogation) that 
it could have under the Guarantee against the Issuer; 
(b) The Guarantor will remain bound by its undertakings under this Guarantee 
notwithstanding any alterations in the relations between the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
3. The Guarantor’s obligations as a caution solidaire under this Guarantee shall be 
irrevocable and unconditional, shall take effect as from the date hereof and shall continue 
to be in full force and effect until the earlier of: 
(a) the date on which the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been fully and finally 
discharged by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, which should be in 
particular (x) the date of maturity of the Notes as stated in the Conditions or, in case of 
extension or renewal of the Notes, the extended maturity date of the Notes, or (y) in 
case of acceleration or early redemption, any date prior to the maturity date of the 
Notes on which all the Notes would have been fully and irrevocably redeemed by the 
Issuer so that none of the Notes remains outstanding and all sums due under the Notes 
and the Coupons have been fully paid and discharged; or 
(b) the date of the notification by the Representative (as defined below) of a release of the 
Guarantee in a letter stating that the Guarantor is fully discharged from all of its 
obligations under the Guarantee as of the date of such letter. 
4. Acceptance of this Guarantee by the Noteholders will result from the mere subscription or 
subsequent acquisition of the Notes, it being specified that the main characteristics of this 
Guarantee, and in particular the Guarantee Limitations, are described in paragraph 8. 
5. All notices and demands relating to this Guarantee, and in particular the calling of this 
Guarantee, will be deemed effective if delivered to the Guarantor by the representative of 
the Masse of the Noteholders, designated in the Conditions (the “Representative”), acting 
upon request of any Noteholders it being specified that (x) the Paying agent designated in 
the Conditions (the “Paying Agent”) shall inform the Representative by written notice in 
compliance with paragraph 13 (the “Default Notice”) every time the Issuer does not pay 
any amounts in cash (in principal or interests) under any Guaranteed Obligation when it is 
due and payable and does not remedy such payment default within a period of twenty (20) 
business days after the date such amount has become due and payable (the “Grace 
Period”), (y) the Paying Agent shall indicate in the Default Notice the amount due and 
payable by the Issuer, the expiry of the Grace Period and the correlative absence of remedy 
of such payment default within this Grace Period, and its bank account details on which 
any amount to be paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be credited, should the 
Guarantee be implemented by the Representative.  
6. Subject to the Guarantee Limitations and to the provisions hereof, the Guarantee may be 
called by written notice, in compliance with paragraph 13, by the Representative to the

--- Page 86 ---
-84- 
Guarantor, with a copy to the Issuer and to the Paying Agent, and shall indicate that (the 
“Payment Notice”): 
 
the Issuer has failed to comply with one or several Guaranteed Obligations; 
 
the Issuer has not remedied to such payment default within the Grace Period;  
 
the amount of the cash payment amount which should correlatively be made by 
the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee, based on the information provided by 
the Paying Agent in the Default Notice and the number of Notes held by the 
Noteholders having requested the call of the Guarantee and subject to the 
Guarantee Limitations (the “Requested Sum”), which Requested Sum shall be 
paid by the Guarantor only up to the Maximum Guaranteed Amount; and  
 
the bank account details indicated by the Paying Agent in the Default Notice, on 
which the payment by the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee shall be made, it 
being specified that any payment to be made by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee shall be paid to the Paying Agent acting on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholders.  
7.  
(a) All sums paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee will be paid in the same currency 
as the corresponding Guaranteed Obligations, without any right of set-off granted to 
the Guarantor as provided under Article 1294 of the French Code civil vis-à-vis the 
Noteholders. 
(b) All amounts to be paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be credited within 
five (5) business days after receipt by the Guarantor of the Payment Notice by wire 
transfer on the bank account of the Paying Agent indicated by the Representative in 
the Payment Notice. 
(c) All costs, including any taxes which are applicable or due, incurred in connection with 
this Guarantee and its enforcement shall be borne by the Issuer. 
8. The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under this Guarantee will be limited as 
follows (the “Guarantee Limitations”): 
(a) The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be limited, 
at any time, to the Guaranteed Obligations in an amount not to exceed the aggregate 
of the proceeds from the Notes which the Issuer has applied for the direct benefit of 
the Guarantor (and/or its direct and indirect subsidiaries) through intercompany loans 
and cash pooling arrangements (if any) and outstanding at the date a payment is to be 
made by the Guarantor pursuant to this Guarantee (the “Maximum Guaranteed 
Amount”). It is specified that any payment made by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall automatically reduce pro 
tanto the outstanding amount of the intercompany loans or cash pooling arrangements 
due by the Guarantor (or its relevant direct or indirect subsidiary) to the Issuer under 
the intercompany loan arrangements and cash pooling arrangements referred to above 
and that any repayment of the intercompany loans or cash pooling arrangements by 
the Guarantor (or its relevant direct or indirect subsidiary) shall automatically reduce

--- Page 87 ---
-85- 
pro tanto the amount payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, in accordance 
with the provisions hereof;  
(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not incur 
liabilities under this Guarantee which would result in the Guarantor not complying with 
French financial assistance rules as set out in Article L. 225-216 of the French Code 
de commerce in connection with the subscription, or acquisition or refinancing of the 
acquisition of its shares or the shares of its parent companies and/or would constitute 
a misuse of corporate assets or powers within the meaning of Articles L. 241-3 or 
L. 242-6 of the French Code de commerce or any other laws or regulations having the 
same effect, as interpreted by French courts. 
9. The Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 10 below) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank and 
will at all times rank pari passu (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
French law) equally and rateably with other present or future similar guarantees granted 
by the Guarantor. 
10. The Guarantor undertakes that, until all payments covered by the Guarantee have been 
paid, it will not grant any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest 
(sûreté réelle) including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing 
under the laws of any jurisdiction (the “Security Interest”), over any of its assets, rights or 
revenues, present or future, to secure any present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
money in the form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (titres 
de créance, excluding for the avoidance of doubt, titres de créances négociables) which 
are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, multilateral trading facility, over-the-counter 
market or other securities market, incurred or guaranteed by the Guarantor (whether before 
or after the issuance of the Notes) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor’s 
obligations under the Notes (i) are equally and rateably secured therewith or (ii) are given 
the benefit of such Security Interest as shall be approved by the Masse of the Noteholders 
whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written Resolution in each 
case in accordance with the Conditions or, as the case may be, the Final Terms. 
11.  
(a) The Guarantee is granted to the sole benefit of the Noteholders. 
(b) The Guarantor cannot sell or otherwise transfer any of its rights and/or obligations 
under this Guarantee. 
12. No failure or delay by any party or any indemnified person in exercising any right or remedy 
pursuant to this Guarantee or provided by general law or otherwise shall impair such right 
or remedy or operate or be construed as a waiver or variation of it or preclude its exercise 
at any subsequent time and no single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall 
preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 
13.  
(a) Any communication to be made under or in connection with this Guarantee shall be 
made in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be made by letter or by email, in 
each case with acknowledgement of receipt.

--- Page 88 ---
-86- 
(b) The address and email address (and the department or officer, if any, for whose 
attention the communication is to be made) of each party for any communication or 
document to be made or delivered under or in connection with this Guarantee is: 
in the case of the Guarantor: 
M.A.J. 
Attn: Mr. Barthélémy Morin 
31 Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer 
93500 Pantin 
France 
barthelemy.morin@elis.com  
in the case of the Issuer: 
ELIS 
Attn: Mr. Barthélémy Morin 
5 boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
barthelemy.morin@elis.com 
or any substitute address, email address or department or officer as the Guarantor 
may notify to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Representative or as the Issuer 
may notify to the Guarantor and the Representative by not less than five (5) 
business days’ notice, it being specified that any change in the above details shall 
be notified to the Representative as soon as possible, it being specified that the 
details regarding to the Representative’s email and address will be included in the 
Conditions. 
(c) Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under 
or in connection with this Guarantee will only be effective: 
(i) if by way of letter with acknowledgement of receipt, when it has been left at the 
relevant address or five (5) business days after being deposited in the post postage 
prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address; or 
(ii) if by way of email, when received the relevant electronic acknowledgement receipt; 
(iii) and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details 
provided under paragraph 13(b), if addressed to that department or officer. 
14. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms and expressions defined in the Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meaning as in this Guarantee. 
15. If any provision in this Guarantee shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in 
whole or in part, under any applicable enactment or rule of law, such provision or part shall 
(so far as illegal, invalid or unenforceable) to that extent be given no effect and deemed 
not to form part of this Guarantee but the legality, validity and enforceability of the 
remainder of this Guarantee shall not be affected.

--- Page 89 ---
-87- 
16. This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
The Tribunal de commerce of Paris has exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with this Guarantee (including a dispute regarding the existence, 
validity or termination of this Guarantee). 
 
 
On [insert date] 
THE GUARANTOR: 
 
 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
M.A.J. 
By: Barthélémy Morin 
Signature to be preceded by the handwritten mention  
“Bon pour cautionnement solidaire comme ci-dessus”

--- Page 90 ---
-88- 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche shall be (i) used for repayment of the Group’s 
existing debt, (ii) used for the Group’s general corporate purposes, or (iii) on-lent or otherwise made 
available to the Guarantor, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
-89- 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is together with its subsidiaries and affiliates a leading multi-service group in the rental, 
laundry and maintenance of textile, hygiene and well-being items mainly in Europe and Latin 
America. 
The Issuer is the parent company of a group comprising 181 consolidated subsidiaries as at 
31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the share capital of Elis amounted to EUR 221,819,430 divided into 
221,819,430 fully paid up ordinary shares. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital 
of Elis amounted to EUR 223,008,066 divided into 223,008,066 fully paid up ordinary shares. 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no shareholder other than the ones listed in the table below 
directly or indirectly own more than 5% of the Issuer’s issued capital or voting rights.  
As at 31 December 2020, the capital and exercisable voting rights of the Issuer are as follows:  
Shareholders 
31 December 2020 
Number of shares 
Theoretical 
number of voting 
rights 
Number of 
exercisable voting 
rights 
% of 
the 
share 
capital 
% of the 
theoretical 
voting 
rights 
% of the 
exercisable 
voting rights 
Canada Pension 
Plan Investment 
Board(a) 
27,328,509 
54,653,018 
54,653,018 
12.32 
20.62 
20.64 
Crédit Agricole 
S.A., including 
13,991,745 
27,983,407 
27,983,407 
6.31 
10.56 
10.56 
– Prédica 
13,991,662 
27,933,324 
27,933,324 
6.31 
10.54 
10.55 
Free float, 
including 
180,293,453 
182,251,325 
182,251,325 
81.28 
68.75 
68.80 
– Ameriprise 
Financial, Inc 
(b) 
12,671,657 
12,671,657 
12,671,657 
5.71 
4.78 
4.78 
– FMR LLC(c) 
11,185,103 
11,185,103 
11,185,103 
5.04 
4.22 
4.22 
– Executives and 
employees (d) 
2,788,761 
3,358,723 
3,358,723 
1.26 
1.27 
1.27 
Treasury stock (e) 
205,723 
205,723 
0 
0.09 
0.08 
0 
TOTAL 
221,819,430 
265,093,473 
264,887,750 
100 
100 
100 
(a) on the basis of the statement relating to the threshold crossing dated 15 December 2020. 
(b) on the basis of the statement relating to the threshold crossing dated 28 January 2020. 
(c) on the basis of the statement relating to the threshold crossing dated 11 June 2020.

--- Page 92 ---
-90- 
(d) including 456,958 shares, held by the employees through the employee shareholding fund (“FCPE”) “Elis for All”, 
1,731,599 held in respect of the settlement of performance share plans implemented by the Company for which the 
vesting period has expired and 393,432 shares held by the Employee Benefit Trust. 
(e) including 201,772 shares held under the liquidity contract. These shares have no voting rights. 
 
To the Company’s knowledge, as of the date of the AMF’s approval on the Base Prospectus, no 
shareholder, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert, controls the Company, nor is presumed to be 
in control of the Company. 
For a general description of the Group, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 26 to 32 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 93 ---
-91- 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Selected Financial Information 
Selected financial information from the Guarantor’s income statement 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(in thousands of euros) 
Revenue ......................................................................... 
697,750 
554,189 
Amortization .................................................................... 
112,583 
109,381 
Personnel costs ............................................................... 
239,047 
189,501 
Operating income .......................................................... 
129,780 
71,683 
Net financial result ........................................................... 
56,050 
(114,146) 
Income before tax.......................................................... 
185,830 
(42,463) 
Income tax benefit ........................................................... 
34,503 
16,940 
Net income ..................................................................... 
140,500 
(56,561) 
 
Selected financial information from the Guarantor’s statement of financial position 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(in thousands of euros) 
Non-current assets ........................................................ 
1,701,781  
1,604,857 
Of which intangible assets ............................................... 
64,136 
63,850 
Current assets ............................................................... 
277,437  
260,580 
Of which marketable securities 
116 
73 
Of which cash and cash equivalents 
5,592 
8,279 
Total assets ................................................................... 
1,979,407 
1,865,697 
Equity ............................................................................. 
726,662 
660,535 
Provisions ....................................................................... 
34,943  
34,919 
Liabilities ......................................................................... 
1,217,802  
1,170,110 
Of which financial liabilities 
1,021,295 
998,945 
Total equity and liabilities ............................................. 
1,979,407  
1,865,697 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the net financial debt1 of the Guarantor amounted to EUR 990,593,355. 
As at 31 December 2019, the net financial debt of the Guarantor amounted to EUR 1,015,586,534. 
                                                     
1  
Net financial debt equals financial liabilities minus marketable securities, minus cash and cash equivalents.

--- Page 94 ---
-92- 
For further financial information regarding the Guarantor, please refer to the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”, paragraph 2 “Documents related to the Guarantor”. 
Legal status and management 
M.A.J. is a limited liability company (société anonyme), incorporated under the laws of France, 
having its registered office at 31, Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer, 93500 Pantin, France and 
registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Bobigny (Registre du Commerce et des 
Sociétés de Bobigny) under number 775 733 835. 
M.A.J. was established on 17 February 1932 and its expiration date is set at 19 February 2071 
unless a decision to extend the term of the company is taken or the company is wound up earlier. 
As at 31 December 2020 and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it has an authorised issued 
and paid up share capital of EUR 142,515,408 divided into 8,907,213 shares of a nominal of 
EUR 16 each. M.A.J. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer.  
The sole shareholder of a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France has limited 
liability up to its contribution in the company share capital.  
M.A.J. may be operated by natural persons or legal persons represented by a natural person, 
appointed as director(s) of the Board of Directors for a 6-year term of office, by a decision of its 
sole shareholder. Pursuant to M.A.J. articles of association, the Board of Directors may comprise 
between 3 and 18 directors. According to the articles of association of M.A.J., a Chief Executive 
Officer – who shall be a natural person – is appointed by the Board of Directors for a term of office 
not exceeding the term of office of the Chairman of the Board, it being specified that he/she is 
revocable at any time by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer represents M.A.J. in 
its relations with third parties. The general meeting of the members of M.A.J. is entrusted with 
powers attributed to it by the laws of France, in particular it approves the annual accounts of M.A.J., 
appoints and removes the members of the Board of Directors, and set the annual dividend received 
by its sole shareholder. 
M.A.J.’s Board of Directors is chaired by Mr. Xavier Martiré (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
also Chairman of the Issuer’s Management Board) and comprises four other members: 
Mr. Barthélémy Morin, Mrs. Anne Bailly-Dupas, Mrs. Marie-Laure Gouazé and Mr. Didier Lachaud. 
For the purpose of their corporate office, the members of the Board of Directors are domiciled at 
M.A.J’s registered office. The functions of the Directors within the Group are described below: 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
Xavier Martiré 
• 
Chairman of the Management Board of ELIS  
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of M.A.J. 
• 
Director of PIERRETTE-T.B.A. S.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of BERENDSEN Ltd. (company incorporated under the 
laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Director of COMPAÑIA NAVARRA DE SERVICIOS INTEGRALES S.L. 
(company incorporated under the laws of Spain) 
• 
President of ELIS LUXEMBOURG S.A. (company incorporated under the laws 
of Luxembourg) 
• 
Director of ELIS MANOMATIC S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Spain)

--- Page 95 ---
-93- 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
• 
Director of LAVANDERIAS TRITON S.L. (company incorporated under the 
laws of Spain) 
• 
Director of ELIS ITALIA S.p.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Italy) 
• 
Director of S.P.A.S.T. S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Portugal) 
• 
Director of G.A.F.I.D.E.S. S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of 
Portugal) 
• 
Director of WÄSCHEREI MARIANO AG (company incorporated under the 
laws of Switzerland) 
• 
Director of ALBIA S.A. (company incorporated under the laws of Chile) 
• 
Director of SERVICIOS HOSPITALARIOS S.A. (company incorporated under 
the laws of Chile) 
Didier Lachaud 
• 
Director of M.A.J. 
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SHF HOLDING S.A. 
• 
President of ELIS SERVICES S.A.S. 
• 
President of LES LAVANDIERES S.A.S. 
• 
President of ELIS PREVENTION NUISIBLES S.A.S. 
• 
President of SCALDIS FRANCE S.A.S. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. DU CHATEAU DE JANVILLE 
• 
Member of the Board of BERENDSEN FINANCE Ltd (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Member of the Board of BERENDSEN NOMINEES Ltd (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
Barthélémy Morin 
• 
Director of M.A.J. 
• 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PIERRETTE - T.B.A. S.A. 
• 
President of THIMEAU S.A.S. 
• 
President of REGIONALE DE LOCATION ET SERVICES TEXTILES S.A.S. 
• 
President of SHF S.A.S. 
• 
President of MONDIAL HYGIENE S.A.S. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. DE LA FORGE 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. MAINE BEAUSEJOUR 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I. LES GAILLETROUS 
• 
Director of SHF HOLDING S.A. 
• 
Member of the Board of KENNEDY HYGIENE PRODUCTS Ltd (company 
incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Member of the Board of KENNEDY EXPORTS Ltd (company incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
• 
Director of WÄSCHEREI MARIANO AG (company incorporated under the 
laws of Switzerland) 
• 
Director of COLIDAY HOLDINGS Ltd (company incorporated under the laws 
of Cyprus) 
• 
Director of SERVICIOS HOSPITALARIOS S.A. (company incorporated under 
the laws of Chile)

--- Page 96 ---
-94- 
Name 
Functions within the Group 
Marie-Laure 
Gouazé 
• 
Director of M.A.J. 
• 
Director of PIERRETTE - T.B.A. S.A. 
Anne Bailly-Dupas 
• 
Director of M.A.J. 
• 
Gérant of S.C.I DES DEUX SAPINS 
• 
Director of ELIS BELGIUM (company incorporated under the laws of Belgium) 
 
Pursuant to its articles of association, M.A.J.’s corporate purpose notably includes (i) the provision 
of flat linen, workwear and HWB rental, laundry and maintenance services, (ii) the carriage of 
goods, (iii) the acquisition, operation and disposal of water sources, (iv) the provision of 3D pest 
control services and (v) the centralised management of the Group’s treasury (including cash 
pooling services and managing the financing needs of the Group’s subsidiaries). 
M.A.J. itself has an average workforce of 6,700 employees as at 31 December 2020. M.A.J.’s 
accounts are audited by Mazars, its statutory auditor. As at 31 December 2020, M.A.J. has 71 
subsidiaries. 
As a non-public société anonyme, M.A.J. is not required per se to comply with any corporate 
governance regime applicable to listed companies only. 
Activity 
M.A.J. is the Group’s main French operating subsidiary. M.A.J. operates, including through its 
subsidiaries and participations, in Europe (mainly in France, Belgium, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Czech 
Republic, Switzerland, Germany, Luxembourg and United Kingdom) and South America (Brazil, 
Chile and Colombia). 
M.A.J. mainly provides flat linen, workwear and HWB rental and maintenance services to customers 
in the following four end markets: Hospitality, Industry, Trade and Services, and Healthcare and 
Social Welfare.  
M.A.J. is also a central treasury entity and, as such, it facilitates and develops financial operations 
of Group’s subsidiaries, excluding Berendsen and its subsidiaries, by pooling their cash balances 
and providing them with treasury services. For Berendsen and its subsidiaries, the cash pooling is 
carried out by the Issuer. 
Financial Results 
As at 31 December 2020, the total of the balance sheet value of M.A.J. amounted to 
EUR 1,865,697,193 (EUR 1,979,406,973 as at 31 December 2019).  
M.A.J. had a negative net income of EUR 56,561,190 for the year ended 31 December 2020 (a 
positive net income of EUR 140,499,824 for the year ended 31 December 2019), driven by: (i) the 
recording of a ca. EUR 106 million provision for impairment relating to the shares of one of its 
Brazilian subsidiaries (Atmosfera), due to a negative currency effect during the 2020 financial year 
that adversely impacted Atmosfera’s revenue and operating income, while the year-on-year organic 
growth of the Group’s activities in Latin America was up 5.4%; and (ii) the decrease of M.A.J.’s 
operating income by ca. EUR 58 million due to lower revenues in the context of the Covid-19 crisis.

--- Page 97 ---
-95- 
RECENT EVENTS 
The Issuer published the following press release on 5 May 2021:  
 
Contained revenue decrease in Q1 2021:  
-13.3% of which -12.8% organic 
Positive organic growth in March and strong improvement expected in Q2 
 
Slight improvement in trends in Q1 despite a difficult comparable base, driven by good commercial 
momentum in Workwear 
o 
In Q1 2021, c. 75% of our total business1 remained close to the level of Q1 2020: c. +3% yoy in 
Healthcare, -2% yoy in Industry, and -3% yoy in Trade & Services 
o 
Comparable base was difficult in January and February as the impact on activity from the 
pandemic started in March 2020 
o 
Activity continued to benefit from (i) churn rate improvement, with good quality of service 
maintained during the crisis and (ii) the development of new offers and services in Workwear 
and Hygiene & well-being 
o 
Activity in Hospitality (c. 25% of pre-Covid total revenue) is down -55% yoy in Q1, without any 
rebound of tourism in big cities 
o 
Central Europe and Scandinavia were resilient owing to the weight of Workwear in their mix; 
France, Southern Europe and the UK & Ireland were impacted by their exposure to Hospitality; 
Latin America was still up thanks to the good commercial activity in Healthcare 
o 
Prices held up well in all our geographies 
Elis confirms the 2021 outlook given on March 9, 2021 
o 
The comparable base is favorable from Q2 onwards; April organic revenue growth is at c. +22% 
o 
In a context in which many uncertainties remain around the evolution of the sanitary crisis 
(efficiency of vaccination campaigns, emergence of new virus variants, rebound in international 
travel), our working assumptions still factor in stable organic revenue growth in H1 and c. +3% for 
the year 
o 
EBITDA margin should be slightly up on the back of the Group’s ability to downsize its structure 
and variabilize its costs in a context of activity slowdown 
o 
Free cash flow after lease payments should be between €190m and €230m, the main variable 
being the change in working capital (impact of year-end activity on trade receivables) 
 
Saint-Cloud, May 05, 2021 – Elis, an international multi-service provider, offering textile, hygiene and 
facility services solutions that is present in Europe and Latin America, today announces its revenue 
for the 3 months ended March 31, 2021. These figures are unaudited. 
 
Commenting on the announcement, Xavier Martiré, CEO of Elis, said: 
« Q1 organic revenue evolution was slightly better than expected at -12.8%. Our activities in Industry, 
Healthcare and Trade & Services, which represented c. 75% of 2019 total revenue, were close to 
normal levels of activity in the quarter.  
Hospitality remained difficult and we did not see any rebound in international tourism. Therefore, the 
performance by geography remained closely linked to the share of Hospitality in every country mix.  
                                                     
1 Based on 2019 full-year revenue

--- Page 98 ---
-96- 
In our other end-markets, commercial dynamism was good across the board, driven by many new 
products and services in Workwear and Hygiene. Additionally, our churn rate remained good in Q1, 
which rewards the steady quality of service provided by Elis in these difficult times.  
The current situation impels us to remain cautious, but the progressive reopening of shops, which has 
either already started in the UK and in Southern Europe or is expected in the coming weeks in our 
other geographies, is a positive sign for our business. Q1 revenue numbers allow us to confirm the 
outlook provided in March: our working assumption remains a c. +3% organic revenue growth for the 
full year, factoring in a modest activity improvement starting in Q2. The impressive efforts made in 
2020 and the Group’s capacity to variabilize its cost base should lead to a further improvement in 
2021 EBITDA margin. 2021 free cash flow should be between €190m and €230m, depending on the 
impact from change in working capital at year-end. 
We therefore look to the future with confidence: The Group’s fundamentals are strong; our 
diversification is a major advantage and our business model will enable Elis to assert its leadership in 
all the countries in which it is present.” 
 
Q1 2021 revenue 
 
In millions of euros 
2021  
2020 
Organic growth 
External growth 
FX 
Reported growth 
France 
200.4 
236.9 
-15.4% 
- 
- 
-15.4% 
Central Europe 
169.2 
180.1 
-9.1% 
+3.7% 
-0.6% 
-6.1% 
Scandinavia & East. Eur. 
117.2 
127.0 
-9.5% 
- 
+1.8% 
-7.7% 
UK & Ireland 
70.3 
88.9 
-22.2% 
+2.3% 
-1.0% 
-21.0% 
Southern Europe 
42.6 
60.5 
-29.6% 
- 
- 
-29.6% 
Latin America 
53.0 
58.8 
+12.1% 
+2.9% 
-25.0% 
-10.0% 
Others 
5.5 
6.9 
-19.5% 
- 
-0.6% 
-20.2% 
Total 
658.2 
759.2 
-12.8% 
+1.4% 
-1.9% 
-13.3% 
« Others » includes Manufacturing Entities and Holdings.  
Percentage change calculations are based on actual figures. 
Q1 2021 monthly organic revenue evolution 
 
 
January 2021 
organic evolution 
February 2021 
organic evolution 
March 2021  
organic evolution 
France 
-22.8% 
-20.3% 
+0.5% 
Central Europe 
-17.8% 
-10.5% 
+2.7% 
Scandinavia & East. Eur. 
-16.6% 
-11.1% 
+0.8% 
UK & Ireland 
-27.9% 
-25.8% 
-10.7% 
Southern Europe 
-36.9% 
-39.2% 
-6.5% 
Latin America 
+7.2% 
+6.9% 
+24.0% 
Others 
+16.0% 
-10.9% 
-44.7% 
Total 
-19.7% 
-16.4% 
+0.4% 
« Others » includes Manufacturing Entities and Holdings.  
Percentage change calculations are based on actual figures. 
 
France

--- Page 99 ---
-97- 
Q1 2021 revenue was down -15.4% (entirely organic). We still didn’t observe any rebound in 
Hospitality and the lockdown measures weighed on collective catering (mostly clients in Workwear) 
and on cleaning services (mostly clients in Hygiene). Nevertheless, our Healthcare, Industry and Trade 
& Services end- markets were resilient, notably driven by good commercial dynamism in Workwear 
(food processing and healthcare clients). 
Central Europe 
Q1 2021 revenue was down -6.1% (-9.1% on an organic basis). Industry showed good resilience, with 
new contract wins in Workwear. Thus, despite strict lockdown measures, Poland, Czech Republic, 
and Netherlands delivered positive or nearly positive organic revenue growth in Q1, driven by good 
commercial momentum with clients operating in food processing, energy services and pharma. In 
Germany, organic revenue was down c. -10%, with a negative impact from collective catering and 
Hospitality clients. 
Scandinavia & Eastern Europe 
Q1 2021 revenue was down -7.7% (-9.5% on an organic basis). The fact that the greater portion of 
our clients operate in the Industry segment enabled the region to be quite resilient since the 
beginning of the crisis. Sweden and Denmark, the region’s largest contributors, recorded organic 
revenue declines of -11% and -13% respectively in Q1, due to Hospitality. However, Norway, Finland 
and Baltic States all delivered positive organic growth in the quarter, with commercial momentum 
remaining intact in Workwear. 
UK & Ireland 
Q1 2021 revenue was down -21.0% (-22.2% on an organic basis). Hospitality, which normally 
represents around one-third of the region’s revenue, was down c. -70% in Q1. Industry and Trade & 
Services, which represent another third of total revenue, posted a c. -10% decline, due to our high 
number of collective catering clients and fast-food restaurant clients which have been strongly 
impacted by the crisis. Finally, Healthcare was stable. The good progress in the vaccination 
campaign in the UK, as well as the progressive lifting of restrictions (outdoor terraces, shops, travel…) 
should lead to a rebound in activity in Q2. 
Southern Europe 
Q1 2021 revenue was down -29.6% (entirely organic). The geography is highly exposed to the 
Hospitality segment (more than 60% of total revenue in 2019) and continues to suffer from the sharp 
decline of activity, especially given that the share of international tourism is normally very high. The 
easing of the lockdown measures paves the way for a quick rebound in activity, with a level of billing 
in March +17% higher than in February. In Workwear, activity was still well-oriented (+13% in Spain 
compared to 2020) on the back of good commercial dynamism and the development of 
outsourcing. 
Latin America 
Q1 2021 organic revenue was up +12.1% in the region but the unfavorable currency effect resulted 
in a -10.0% decrease in reported revenue. End-markets where Elis operates (public and private 
healthcare, food processing) were well oriented. Furthermore, the Group developed new offers to 
meet clients’ new requirements, leading to short-term contract wins (waterproof overgowns) or 
permanent contracts (healthcare garments, increase in linen rotation…). This led to further market 
share gains in Healthcare in the zone’s three countries.

--- Page 100 ---
-98- 
Financial situation 
Elis obtained in 2020 a waiver regarding its June 30, 2021 bank covenant test. The renegotiated 
covenant is 4.5x. 
The Group has no major debt maturity before 2023 and has, as of today, c. €1.1bn of liquidity in the 
form of two revolving credit lines for an undrawn amount of €900mn and c. €200mn in cash as of 
March 31, 2021. 
Financial definitions 
o 
Organic growth in the Group’s revenue is calculated excluding (i) the impacts of changes in the 
scope of consolidation of “major acquisitions” and “major disposals” (as defined in the 
Document de Base) in each of the periods under comparison, as well as (ii) the impact of 
exchange rate fluctuations. 
o 
EBITDA is defined as EBIT before depreciation and amortization net of the portion of subsidies 
transferred to income. It excludes non-recurring items directly related to the sanitary crisis, which 
are accounted for in “Non-current operating income and expenses”. 
o 
EBITDA margin is defined as EBITDA divided by revenues. 
o 
EBIT is defined as net income (or net loss) before financial expense, income tax, share in income 
of equity-accounted companies, amortization of customer relationships, goodwill impairment, 
non- current operating income and expenses, miscellaneous financial items (bank fees 
recognized in operating income) and expenses related to IFRS 2 (share-based payments). 
Geographical breakdown 
o 
France 
o 
Central Europe: Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland, Poland, Belgium, Austria, Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Slovakia, Luxembourg 
o 
Scandinavia & Eastern Europe: Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, 
Russia 
o 
UK & Ireland 
o 
Southern Europe: Spain & Andorra, Portugal, Italy 
o 
Latin America: Brazil, Chile, Colombia

--- Page 101 ---
-99- 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this 
provision: (a) “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as applicable. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, or otherwise making them available, to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes, to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, (a) a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as applicable. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes, 
or otherwise making them available, to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in

--- Page 102 ---
-100- 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [prescribed capital 
markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations) and [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 103 ---
-101- 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
ELIS 
(the “Issuer”) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
guaranteed by M.A.J. 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 which has been approved by the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 6 May 2021 under No. 21-137 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●]1 which has been approved by the AMF on [●] under No. [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended and supplemented (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are]] available for viewing on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and copies may 
be obtained from the Issuer at 5, boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, France.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base 
                                                     
1  
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 104 ---
-102- 
Prospectus dated [30 January 2018/26 March 2019] which is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 May 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as supplemented (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 which has been approved by the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 6 May 2021 under No. 21-137 [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [●]1 which has been approved by the AMF on [●] under No. [●]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base 
Prospectus dated [30 January 2018/26 March 2019] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are]] available for viewing 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and 
copies may be obtained from the Issuer at 5, boulevard Louis Loucheur, 92210 Saint-Cloud, 
France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
Elis 
2. 
 Guarantor: 
M.A.J. 
3. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) 
as from the date of assimilation which is expected 
to be on or about forty (40) days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”)].] 
4. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
5. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
6. 
 Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)]  
                                                     
1  
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 105 ---
-103- 
7. 
 Specified Denominations: 
[●] (one denomination only for the Dematerialised 
Notes) 
8. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[●] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
9. 
 Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
10. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] 
+/– 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount.]  
12. 
 Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs where applicable] 
13. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
Put Option in case of Change of Control 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated/Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Unsubordinated/Senior

--- Page 106 ---
-104- 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantee 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year [specify Business Day 
Convention 
and 
any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]]/[not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - 
ISDA / Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/ Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination 
Dates 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●], in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (v) below.

--- Page 107 ---
-105- 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●] specify/Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day of each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Bank: 
[[●] specify/Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii)(A)): 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 108 ---
-106- 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date 
(Date 
de 
Détermination 
du 
Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii) (B)): 
 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[●] per cent. per annum (such 
rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
17. 
 Zero Coupon Notes provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 7(f)(i)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(b)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]1 
                                                     
1  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
-107- 
 
(iii) 
Notice period1: 
[●] 
19. 
 Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period2:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Similar Security: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
20. 
 Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
21. 
 Call Option Date: 
[●] 
 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(i)) 
 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[80%]/[[●]%] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
22. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 7(e)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
                                                     
1  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its 
fiscal agent. 
2  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 110 ---
-108- 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]1 
 
(iii) 
Notice period2: 
[●] 
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Condition 
7(g)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 7(k)), on event of 
default (Condition 10): 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
others 
than 
Interest 
Payment Dates (Condition 
7(g)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become void upon early 
redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only) 
(Condition 8(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
may only be issued outside France) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify 
whether 
bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur)/administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré)/fully registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give 
name and details] (note that a registration agent 
must be appointed in relation to fully registered 
dematerialised Notes only) 
                                                     
1  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
2  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 111 ---
-109- 
 
(iii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[●] (the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable 
TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
to Materialised Notes) 
26. 
 Financial Centre(s) (Condition 8(h)) 
or other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which item 15(vi) 
relates) 
27. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates 
on 
which 
such 
Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
28. 
 Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
29. 
 [Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information of 
Noteholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] 
(If 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)] 
30. 
 [Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with Article 
L.213-0-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and 
reselling purchased Notes in accordance with 
Article L.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier in accordance with Condition 7(h) is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
31. 
 Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
15(b)] apply] 
32. 
 Representation of holders of Notes 
Masse (Condition 12): 
Masse  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●] 
[The 
Representation 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]].

--- Page 112 ---
-110- 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [●] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already admitted to trading on [●] as from [its/their 
respective] issue date.] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●]

--- Page 113 ---
-111- 
 
(iv) 
Additional publication of 
Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms 
[●] (See paragraph 20 (“Documents available”) of 
the Section “General Information” of the Base 
Prospectus, which indicates that the Base 
Prospectus (including any Supplement thereto 
and any documents incorporated by reference 
therein, 
except 
documents 
related 
to 
the 
Guarantor) and the Final Terms of Notes admitted 
to trading on any regulated market in the 
European Economic Area will be published on the 
website of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Please 
provide 
for 
additional 
methods 
of 
publication in respect of Notes admitted to trading 
on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris) 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated] / [The Notes to 
be issued [are expected to be] / [have been] rated: 
 
 
[[Moody’s France SAS] (“Moody’s”):[●]  
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] (“S&P 
Global Ratings”): [●] 
 
 
[DBRS Ratings GmbH] (“DBRS Morningstar”): 
[●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody’s/S&P Global 
Ratings/DBRS Morningstar] is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).]  
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 1060/2009, 
as 
amended, 
although 
the 
result[s] 
of 
such 
application[s] [has/have] not yet been issued.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended, the “CRA Regulation”)[, but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency’s name] 
which is established in the European Union,

--- Page 114 ---
-112- 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as amended.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in the 
United Kingdom [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”)[, but is endorsed by [insert 
credit rating agency’s name] which is established 
in the United Kingdom, registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras).] 
 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet 
been issued.] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the 
United Kingdom [nor has/and has not] applied for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by

--- Page 115 ---
-113- 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, such as the following:  
According to the rating system of Moody’s, 
obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-
medium grade with low credit risk. Moody’s 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from “Aa” through 
“Caa”. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P Global Ratings’s rating system, 
an obligation rated “A” is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher-rated categories. However, 
the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is still strong. The 
addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range. 
According to DBRS Morningstar’s rating system, 
an obligation rated “A” is of a good credit quality. 
The capacity for the payment of financial 
obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit 
quality than AA. It may be vulnerable to future 
events, but qualifying negative factors are 
considered manageable. All rating categories 
other than AAA and D also contain subcategories 
“(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a 
“(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating 
is in the middle of the category.] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:

--- Page 116 ---
-114- 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Amount 
 
[(i)] 
Use of Proceeds: 
[●]1 
 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from the 
“Use of Proceeds” of the Base Prospectus will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
                                                     
1  
Please note that the obligations of the Guarantor will apply to any Notes, (i) only if and to the extent that, the proceeds 
of the issue of such Notes are, directly or indirectly, on-lent or otherwise made available to the Guarantor and (ii) at 
any time (including at the time any claim under the Guarantee can be validly made pursuant to its terms), only up to 
the amount (if any) that remain owing by the Guarantor to the Issuer pursuant to the relevant on-loan or other availability 
arrangements. Please refer to the section “Form of Guarantee of M.A.J.” of the Base Prospectus notably as regards 
the Guarantee limitations.

--- Page 117 ---
-115- 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – Information on Floating Rate Notes 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
[the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”)] / [the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions of Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(b) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking SA 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated 
into Euro at the rate of [●] producing 
a sum of: 
[●]

--- Page 118 ---
-116- 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers] 
 
(B) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes  
pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended

--- Page 119 ---
-117- 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 6 May 2021 (the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers named therein (the “Permanent Dealers”) and the Arranger, the Notes will 
be offered on a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be placed by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten 
by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses 
incurred in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their 
activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to 
terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, 
or to a U.S. person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver Notes of any Tranche, (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after completion of the distribution of 
such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has

--- Page 120 ---
-118- 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on any of their behalf, 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation 
S) with respect to the Notes and each of the foregoing persons has complied and will comply with 
the offering restrictions requirements of Regulations S.  
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance 
with Regulation S and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or to any other person within the 
United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer 
or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) 
in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the 
Notes for issue or sale in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a 
person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless  
(i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or 
its equivalent in an alternative currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its 
associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia;  
(ii) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) in so far as it is applicable, the transfer complies with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 
dated 21 March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority as if 
it applied to the Issuer mutatis mutandis (and which requires all offers of any parcels of 
Notes to be for an aggregate principal amount of at least A$500,000); 
(iv) such action complies with all applicable laws and regulations or directives in Australia; and

--- Page 121 ---
-119- 
(v) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, (a) the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
UK. For the purposes of this provision, (a) the expression “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
(b) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and

--- Page 122 ---
-120- 
(d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Belgium 
The Notes may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined 
in Article 3 §1 of the Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets (the “Prospectus 
Law”), save in those circumstances set out in Article 3 §2 of the Prospectus Law. 
The offering is exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and therefore 
it has not been and will not be notified to, and the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes has not been and will not be approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and 
Markets Authority (“Autorité des services et marchés financiers/Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten 
en Markten”). 
Accordingly, the offering may not be advertised and each of the Dealers has represented and 
agreed that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, 
transfer or deliver, the Notes and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents, directly or indirectly, to any 
individual or legal entity in Belgium other than qualified investors, as defined in Article 10 of the 
Prospectus Law, acting for their own account and in any other circumstances set out in Article 3 §2 
of the Prospectus Law. 
This Base Prospectus has been issued only for the personal use of the above qualified investors 
and exclusively for the purpose of the offering of Notes. Accordingly, the information contained 
herein may not be used for any other purpose nor disclosed to any other person in Belgium. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, Notes issued under this 
Programme will not be offered to, or placed with Belgian consumers. 
For these purposes, a “Belgian Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch 
recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located 
in Belgium acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (the Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 123 ---
-121- 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such 
modification will be set out in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the 
public of any of the Notes. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers represents that 
Notes may at any time lawfully be resold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for 
the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only 
be issued outside France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such 
sale.

--- Page 124 ---
-122- 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Corporate authorisations 
Any issue of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Conseil de Surveillance 
(Supervisory Board) and a decision of the Directoire (Management Board) of the Issuer 
which may delegate its powers to any other member of the Directoire (Management Board) 
or any other persons as provided for in the decisions of the Directoire (Management Board). 
In this regard, by a resolution adopted on 8 March 2021, the Conseil de Surveillance 
(Supervisory Board) of the Issuer has authorised the Directoire (Management Board) to 
renew the Programme. Prior to any issue of Notes that constitute obligations under the 
Programme, the Supervisory Board will meet to authorize such issue and give the 
Directoire necessary authorizations to proceed with the issue of obligations.  
No authorisation procedures are required of Elis by French law for the establishment or 
update of the Programme. However, to the extent that Notes issued under the Programme 
may constitute obligations under French law, the issue of such Notes will be authorised in 
accordance with French law.  
A resolution of the Conseil d’administration (Board of Directors) of the Guarantor 
authorising the granting of the Guarantee of any issue of Notes under the Programme for 
a 12-month period has been adopted on 2 April 2021 and, as the case may be, the renewal 
of this authorisation may be necessary before the term of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Application to the Autorité des marchés financiers and Euronext Paris 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France, in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation on 6 May 2021 under No. 21-
137. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 6 May 2022 and shall, during this period and in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Final Terms applicable to each Series of Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be filed with the AMF. If the Final Terms in relation 
to a Series of Notes do not specify the aggregate nominal amount of Notes admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the manner in and date on 
which such amount will be made public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
3. 
Identification of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Issuer is: 969500UX71LCE8MAY492.

--- Page 125 ---
-123- 
The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Guarantor is: 969500GHFBP1V4BFB380. 
4. 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries since 31 March 2021, save as disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, including with respect to the impact that the health crisis resulting 
from the COVID-19 may have. 
5. 
No material adverse change in the prospects 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2020, save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, including 
with respect to the impact that the health crisis resulting from the COVID-19 may have. 
6. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its fully 
consolidated subsidiaries (including the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its fully consolidated subsidiaries. 
7. 
Material contracts  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes or the 
Guarantee. 
8. 
Conflicts of interest 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the members of Issuer’s management and supervisory bodies 
have no conflict of interest between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
As far as the Guarantor is aware, the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
have no conflict of interest between its duties to the Guarantor and its private interests 
and/or other duties. 
9. 
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN 
code), in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information.

--- Page 126 ---
-124- 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The address of Euroclear France 
is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
10. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers, 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, and Mazars, 61 rue Henri Regnault – Tour Exaltis, 92400 
Courbevoie (both entities duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and are 
members of the compagnie régionale des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du 
Centre). These statutory auditors have audited and rendered audit reports on the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019. 
The statutory auditor of the Guarantor is Mazars, 61 rue Henri Regnault – Tour Exaltis, 
92400 Courbevoie (duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and members of the 
compagnie régionale des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du Centre) and it has 
audited and rendered audit reports on the Guarantor’s statutory financial statements for 
the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
11. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY 
GLOBAL NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). 
NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
IS AVAILABLE.” 
12. 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Each Materialised Bearer Note (other than Temporary Global Certificates), Coupon and 
Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED 
STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
13. 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of such Tranche of Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price as the yield to 
maturity. It will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 127 ---
-125- 
14. 
Websites 
Any websites included in this Base prospectus are for information purposes only and the 
information in such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus (unless that 
information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and, 
accordingly, has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
15. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
In addition, liquidity provider(s) may be appointed in connection with the issue of any 
Tranche, in which case the applicable Final Terms will include all relevant details regarding 
the entity(ies) which have a firm commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in secondary 
trading. 
16. 
Currencies 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “€”, “EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, those 
to “$”, “USD”, “U.S.$”, “dollars”, “U.S. dollars” or “United States dollars” are to the 
currency of the United States of America, those to “£”, “GBP”, “Sterling”, “Pound Sterling” 
or “pounds” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to “AUSD” or “Australian 
dollars” are to the currency of Australia, those to “SEK”, “krona” or “Swedish krona” are 
to the currency of Sweden, those to “DKK”, “krone” or “Danish krone” are to the currency 
of Denmark, those to “CHF” or “Swiss francs” are to the currency of Switzerland, “yen” or 
“JPY” are to the currency of Japan and those to “reals” or “Brazilian real” are to the 
currency of Brazil. 
17. 
Third party information 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated 
herein by reference has been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such 
information appears. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information 
as relates to it has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. Each of the

--- Page 128 ---
-126- 
Issuer and the Guarantor has also identified the source(s) of such information as relates 
to it. 
18. 
Credit Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been respectively rated “Ba2” (stable 
outlook) by Moody’s, “BB” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings and “BBB (low)” (stable 
outlook) by DBRS Morningstar. Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings and DBRS Morningstar are 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation and included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on ESMA’s website as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Tranches of Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, 
its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The rating 
of a Tranche of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
will specify whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered (or which has applied for 
registration) under the CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes 
and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
19. 
Benchmark administrators 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, LIBOR or any other interest rate specified in the Final Terms. EURIBOR and 
LIBOR are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “ESMA 
Benchmarks Register”). ICE is not included on the ESMA Benchmarks Register. As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence. The relevant Final Terms will specify the administrator of any other 
benchmark used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes and whether or not such 
administrator appears on the above mentioned register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA or on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA. 
20. 
Documents available 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under the Programme or are outstanding, the 
following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Issuer:

--- Page 129 ---
-127- 
(i) 
the articles of association (statuts) of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any 
other Regulated Market; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, 
valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part 
of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain 
outstanding, copies of this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms related to the Notes and any document incorporated by reference therein 
will be available for viewing on the Issuer’s website (www.elis.com) and may be obtained, 
free of charge, during normal business hours from Elis, 5, Boulevard Louis Loucheur, 
92210 Saint-Cloud, France. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the 
following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(a) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other regulated market (for the purposes of MiFID II) in the European Economic 
Area; and 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any document 
incorporated by reference therein, except for the documents related to the 
Guarantor. 
In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext 
Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are 
required and what they consist of.

--- Page 130 ---
-128- 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
For the Issuer 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to my knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Elis 
 
5 Boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
 
Duly represented by Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman of the Management Board (Président du Directoire) 
 
Signed in Saint-Cloud, on 6 May 2021 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Elis

--- Page 131 ---
-129- 
For the Guarantor 
I hereby certify that the information relating to myself as Guarantor contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, to my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
M.A.J. 
 
31, Chemin Latéral au Chemin de Fer  
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Duly represented by Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Président-Directeur Général) 
 
Signed in Saint-Cloud, on 6 May 2021 
 
 
_______________________ 
Mr. Xavier Martiré 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
M.A.J.

--- Page 132 ---
-130- 
APPROVAL OF THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after 
having verified that the information contained therein is complete, consistent and 
comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 May 2021 and is valid until 6 May 2022 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the 
following approval number: No. 21-137.

--- Page 133 ---
-131- 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Elis 
5, boulevard Louis Loucheur 
92210 Saint-Cloud 
France 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid 
Spain  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 70 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris  
France  
 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
1-3, place Valhubert 
75013 Paris 
France

--- Page 134 ---
-132- 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
Mazars  
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR OF THE GUARANTOR 
 
 
Mazars  
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer and the 
Guarantor 
 
To the Dealers 
 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
51, rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris  
France 
 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France