--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Elisa Corporation 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Elisa Corporation (the Issuer or Elisa) may from time to time 
issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, by approving this Base Prospectus, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the 
quality and solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date (up to and including 19 July 2024) in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms (the Final 
Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF and will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Issuer has been rated Baa2 by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody's) and BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
The Programme has been rated (P)Baa2 by Moody's and BBB+ by S&P. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under 
the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such each of Moody's and S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Neither Moody’s nor S&P is established in the United Kingdom (UK) and, accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody’s and S&P have been endorsed 
by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) for use in the UK. Each of 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of European Money Markets Institute (as administrator or EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
 
 
Arranger 
Nordea

--- Page 2 ---
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Nordea 
OP Corporate Bank  
SEB 
Swedbank 
19 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No 
Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme 
the net proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or 
refinancing of eligible projects or assets included in the Sustainability Portfolio (as defined herein) from time 
to time, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of 
any project and/or asset included in the Sustainability Portfolio and their impact, or monitoring of the use of 
the net proceeds of any such Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors should refer to the 
Issuer's Sustainability Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion (each as defined herein), and for 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainability Finance Framework nor the Second Party Opinion issued 
in relation thereto, is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see "Subscription and 
Sale" below). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – Unless 
otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including, for these purposes, Belgium), the UK, Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and  
 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the 
EU), as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the content of websites or URLs included in this Base Prospectus, or in any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 30 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 32 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 34 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 47 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 79 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 80 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 89 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 91 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................... 95 
 
 __________________________________________  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This General Description constitutes a general 
description of the programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
Issuer: 
Elisa Corporation 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
743700TU2S3DXWGU7H32 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors". In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" 
and include the fact that the Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors, certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes 
and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA, 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent ‒ see "Subscription 
and Sale".

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and 
complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to the 
approval provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and, in 
each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis only and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". The relevant clearing system for each series of Notes will be 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of 
the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as further described 
in Condition 4(c). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as provided in Condition 6. 
 
In addition, if Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Noteholders in the circumstances described in 
Condition 6(g), see "General Description of the Programme – Change of 
Control Put". 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an 
EEA exchange, or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for, 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Change of Control Put: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a change of control provision as 
further described in Condition 6(g).  
If any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the United 
Kingdom's City Code on Takeovers and Mergers in force on 28 February 
2007) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) 
owns or acquires (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of shares in the 
capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the total voting 
rights attached to the issued or allotted share capital of the Issuer that are 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer and this results in a 
ratings downgrade below the agreed thresholds or a withdrawal of a credit 
rating, then each relevant Noteholder has the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem or purchase its Notes subject to the more detailed provisions of 
Condition 6(g). In addition, if 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of a 
Series of Notes is redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(g), the Issuer may 
redeem or purchase the remaining Notes in such Series. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 2, unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated (P)Baa2 by Moody's and BBB+ by S&P.  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Belgium), the UK,

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may 
not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified 
in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER AND MAY HAVE A 
MATERIAL EFFECT ON THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Operational and industry risks 
The markets Elisa operates in are subject to intense competition 
The markets in which Elisa and its subsidiaries (the Elisa Group) operate are highly competitive. Although 
Elisa believes that it will be able to continue to compete successfully in these markets, no assurance can be 
given that the Elisa Group will not be adversely affected in the future by competition. If any of the Elisa 
Group companies are unable to compete effectively this could lead to loss of revenue, price erosion, reduced 
margins, loss of market share and could adversely affect the Elisa Group's financial position and results of 
operations. Internet Protocol (IP) technology or other technology may result in changes in terms of 
competition in the communications markets as IP-based or other technology-based operators may have a 
lower cost base and be subject to less extensive regulation, which could enable them to charge lower prices 
as compared to non-IP-based operators or other technology-based operators. Elisa also applies IP technology 
in its network. 
The Finnish fixed and mobile telecommunications market with traditional means of communications is 
saturated. This saturation, together with increased competition and regulation of customers taking their 
phone numbers with them to other networks (number portability), has resulted in higher levels of customer 
turnover. Elisa has taken a number of steps to improve both customer acquisition and customer retention, 
which have increased its expenses. Such steps include increasing the number of personnel for different 
activities, where the increased costs of making such personnel increases have adversely impacted the Elisa 
Group’s results of operations. No assurance can be given that customer turnover rates will not increase 
further or that the Elisa Group's results of operations will not be adversely affected in the future by this 
competition. 
The traffic in the Elisa Group's fixed network has decreased as traditional voice traffic has migrated from 
fixed to mobile networks. The traditional means of communication (voice and short message service (SMS)) 
will continue to face increased pressure from alternative services such as voice over internet protocol. No 
assurance can be given that this trend will not accelerate in the future or that the Elisa Group's results of 
operations will not be adversely affected in the future by this competition.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Elisa and its subsidiaries are involved in disputes and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of their 
business 
The Elisa Group is party to disputes and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business, as well as to 
regulatory proceedings, the outcomes of which are uncertain. Elisa does not believe that any such actions to 
which it, or any of its subsidiaries, is currently subject to are likely to have a significant effect on the Elisa 
Group's financial position or performance but no assurance can be given that this will in fact be the case. In 
addition, no assurance can be given that any future claims or proceedings (including regulatory proceedings 
and claims relating to e.g. competition law or privacy and/or data protection related legislation) will not have 
a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or market reputation. 
Developments in the Finnish and Estonian markets may affect Elisa's operations 
The Elisa Group's operations and assets are located mainly in Finland and Estonia. The Elisa Group's 
operating results are, and will be, affected by economic developments in, or affecting, these markets. No 
assurance can be given that events relating to natural conditions, accidents and data management will not 
affect the Elisa Group's results of operations. Increasing data traffic and build-up of new services may 
require significant investments but no assurance can be given that the Elisa Group will be able to obtain the 
necessary financial resources cost effectively to fund such investment and that such investments will result in 
the anticipated improvement in results of operations. 
Elisa's business operations are dependent on its personnel 
The Elisa Group's business operations are dependent on the efforts of its personnel and the ability to attract 
and retain skilled staff. No assurance can be given that changes in employees will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Elisa Group's results of operations. If skilled staff cannot be attracted and retained, this 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or market 
reputation. 
Several of Elisa's business operations rely on outsourced services 
The Elisa Group has outsourced, amongst other things, its network building and customer installation 
functions as well as some customer services and information technology (IT) operations, which could cause 
difficulties in installation projects, IT operations and customer service. The outsourcing relationships are 
renegotiated regularly, and it might not be possible to attract outsourcing partners on economically attractive 
terms, or at all. If required outsourcing partners cannot be attracted, this could have a significant adverse 
effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or market reputation. 
Elisa has a limited number of suppliers 
The Elisa Group has a limited number of suppliers for its network equipment, software and handsets. If one 
of these suppliers were to stop supplying products to the Elisa Group, the Elisa Group may be unable to 
acquire equipment from alternative suppliers, or it may have to pay increased prices for such equipment. 
This could have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or 
market reputation. 
Telecommunication networks operated by Elisa can be subject to technical faults and data 
security/cybersecurity breaches 
The Elisa Group operates several networks and information systems which carry high data volumes. The 
Elisa Group aims to ensure network integrity and data security and to protect customers' personal data. To 
ensure privacy, Elisa seeks to protect assets such as personnel, customers, information, IT infrastructure, 
internal and public networks, office buildings and technical facilities. External or internal factors may

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
negatively affect security, which may result in a negative effect in terms of how customers perceive the Elisa 
Group to handle such matters. This, in turn, may have a negative effect on Elisa's business and operations. 
Further, the Elisa Group's increased outsourcing and operations with several partners add complexity since 
partners have different platforms and processes. This may result in a higher number of faults in the services 
that the Elisa Group provides which may in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's 
financial position, results of operations or market reputation. 
Integration of acquired companies or businesses may fail 
The Elisa Group may, from time to time, make acquisitions of other companies and businesses should 
attractive opportunities arise. For example, in the past few years the Elisa Group has acquired camLine 
GmbH (Camline) and Polystar OSIX AB (see “Description of the Issuer – Acquisition of camLine GmbH 
Group” and “Description of the Issuer – Acquisition of Polystar OSIX AB group”). If the integration of any 
of the acquired companies or businesses is not carried out as expected, management's attention may be 
diverted away from the Elisa Group's on-going operations, which may in turn have a significant adverse 
effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or market reputation. 
Goodwill recorded on the Elisa Group's balance sheet may be subject to write-down 
The majority of the consolidated goodwill on the Elisa Group's balance sheet is derived from the acquisition 
of mobile assets. The acquisition of minority shares in mobile operator Radiolinja Oy created the largest part 
of the goodwill. Radiolinja Oy merged with Elisa on 31 December 2005. In recent years, Elisa has acquired 
companies in the information and communication technology (ICT) sector and also acquired the cable TV 
operator Starman in Estonia, which has increased the goodwill. No assurance can be given that changes in 
markets or the Elisa Group's business plans will not in the future result in substantial write-downs of the 
carrying value of its mobile and ICT assets, which may in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa 
Group's financial position, results of operations or market reputation. 
A significant shareholder may influence or control the direction of Elisa's business 
Elisa’s largest shareholder, Solidium Oy (Solidium), a company wholly-owned by the Finnish State, held 
10.04 per cent. of the shares outstanding as at 30 June 2023. Accordingly, Solidium has significant power to 
influence matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, such as the approval of the annual financial statements, 
declarations of annual reserves and dividends, capital increases, amendments to Elisa’s articles of association 
and the election of the members of its board of directors (the Board of Directors). To the extent matters 
presented to Elisa’s shareholders require approval of a particular percentage of shares represented at a 
meeting of shareholders or of a super majority of outstanding shares, these shareholders may be able to 
significantly influence the outcome of the vote. 
Regulatory risks 
The telecommunications market is highly regulated and regulations applicable to Elisa Group's operations 
may change 
The telecommunications market is highly regulated. Telecommunications in Finland and in other countries in 
which the Elisa Group operates is regulated by a number of different authorities. These authorities regulate, 
among other things, the prices the Elisa Group may charge for many of its services and the extent to which 
the Elisa Group has to provide services to its competitors especially in interconnection, roaming and 
wholesale prices of network services. Regulation (for example, number portability, frequency and roaming 
regulation) may also change the competitive situation within the industry. No assurance can be given that the 
regulations with which the Elisa Group must comply will not change in the future in a manner which 
adversely affects the Elisa Group's financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
In December 2020, the Finnish Parliament approved amendments to the Act on Electronic Communication 
Services. The Act entered into force in January 2021. This legislation includes several changes affecting 
Elisa's businesses. The legislation relates, among other things, to frequencies, market regulation, user rights 
and universal service. The Act also stipulates that the rate for calling national subscriber numbers (referred to 
as business numbers) must not be more than the normal mobile phone or local telephone charge. This change 
will enter into force in December 2023 and could have some financial effects on Elisa. 
Changes in governmental relationships, including in the security environment, may increase the risk of 
restrictions on the network providers’ equipment, which is also used in Elisa’s network. This may have a 
financial or operational impact on Elisa’s business. 
In January 2021, the new provisions related to national security in Finnish networks came into force. The 
rules prohibit the use, in the critical parts of a network, of communications network devices that could 
endanger national security. The provision also applies retroactively to current network devices. The critical 
parts of a network are defined at a general level in the legislation. The Finnish Transport and Communication 
Agency has defined more precisely the critical parts of a network. An entitlement to compensation might be 
possible if a network device is prohibited. 
In November 2021, the Estonian parliament adopted amendments to the Electronic Communications Act 
aimed at supplementing national security requirements. The amendments entered into force on 1 February 
2022. According to the amendments, an operator must coordinate with the state on the hardware and 
software used in its communications networks, as well as by the corresponding suppliers. If the state deems 
that a supplier poses a high risk, usage of that supplier’s hardware and software in a 5G mobile network is 
allowed only until 31 December 2025, and until 31 December 2029 in earlier generation (2G–4G) networks 
and fixed networks. 
Regulatory intervention by competent data protection authorities may have a negative impact on the Elisa 
Group's business 
The Elisa Group regularly processes different kinds of data, including personal and communication traffic 
data, which is subject to, amongst other things, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. 
Non-compliance with the statutory requirements under the applicable data privacy laws could lead to 
competent authorities imposing administrative sanctions or fines on the Elisa Group, which could in turn 
have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, results of operations or market 
reputation. 
The conduct of Elisa Group's business requires licences that may not be renewed, or may be suspended or 
revoked 
The mobile business of Elisa in Finland and Estonia requires licences for operations and for frequencies. 
Licences for operations and for frequencies have a material effect on the Elisa Group's operations and no 
assurance can be given that in the future Elisa will be able to obtain the licences desired or required nor that 
the price of the licences will remain the same. The licences may also be suspended or revoked by the 
competent authorities, which could have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position, 
results of operations or market reputation. 
EU regulation regarding roaming and net neutrality may lead to increased costs for Elisa Group's business 
Regulation (EU) 2022/612 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 April 2022 on roaming on 
public mobile communications networks within the Union (recast) (the ‘Roam like at home Regulation’ or 
the RLAH Regulation) extends to the year 2032. The customers of EU member state operators may 
therefore continue to make calls, text and browse the web while travelling in other EU countries at no extra 
cost. The RLAH Regulation may also have implications to other use cases than personal communications, 
such as the internet of things market.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
There are mechanics in the RLAH Regulation ensuring it offers sustainability for operators. Those are 
wholesale prices regulation, prevention of permanent roaming and the fair use policy.  
The RLAH Regulation may have a negative impact on Elisa’s business by reducing revenues and increasing 
costs.  
Regulation (EU) 2015/2120 laying down measures concerning open internet access and amending Directive 
2002/22/EC on universal service and users’ rights relating to electronic communications networks and 
services and Regulation (EU) No 531/2012 on roaming on public mobile communications networks within 
the Union (the Net Neutrality Regulation) deals particularly with the equal treatment of data traffic being 
transmitted over the internet. 
Under the Net Neutrality Regulation, internet service providers are prohibited from blocking or slowing 
down internet traffic, except where necessary. The exceptions are especially limited to: traffic management 
to comply with a legal order, to ensure network integrity and security, and to manage exceptional or 
temporary network congestion, provided that equivalent categories of traffic are treated equally. The Net 
Neutrality Regulation does not, however, prohibit reasonable and justifiable traffic management actions. 
The Net Neutrality Regulation may, among other things, restrict new and innovative offerings to end-users 
and content providers and may have a negative impact on Elisa’s business. 
Market power decisions by public authorities may affect Elisa Group's business 
The Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority (Traficom) has an authorisation to issue significant 
market power decisions which might have negative impact on Elisa’s business. Traficom carries out market 
analyses of the various markets identifying companies with significant market power and imposing 
obligations on companies with significant market power in order to safeguard competition, in particular for 
wholesale markets. The obligations may vary, and the legislation makes it possible to impose extensive 
obligations. A company considered to have significant market power may be subject, inter alia, to an 
obligation to provide a specific product, an obligation to publish terms of delivery and price lists, an 
obligation to use a cost accounting system and a differentiation obligation. In addition, Traficom may impose 
pricing obligations, such as an obligation to comply with a certain maximum price.  Elisa has been assigned 
a significant market power position and is subject to related obligations in different market areas. Decisions 
of considerable market power made by Traficom and the obligations imposed under such decisions may have 
an adverse effect on Elisa's business. The obligations under such decisions may also change in the future. 
Introduction of or increase in taxes payable may affect the profit generation capacity of Elisa Group 
Elisa is liable to pay direct and indirect taxes and withholding taxes in the countries in which it operates. 
Change in tax authorities’ interpretation of tax laws may lead to an increase in the tax burden for 
corporations and this may have a negative financial impact for Elisa. 
Financial risks 
Elisa Group’s sources of financing and means of liquidity risk management might not be sufficient 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to ensure the Elisa Group’s financing in all circumstances by 
ensuring access to a diversified set of funding sources. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Elisa has cash 
reserves, committed credit facilities and a sustainable cash flow to cover its foreseeable financing needs. The 
current key financial arrangements of Elisa comprise of (i) EUR 350 million domestic uncommitted 
Commercial Paper Programme with six different credit institutions; (ii) EUR 130 million Revolving Credit 
Facilities with five different credit institutions maturing in September 2026; (iii) EUR 170 million Revolving 
Credit Facilities with seven different credit institutions maturing in 2028; and (iv) EUR 1.5 billion EMTN 
Programme. Regardless of the aforementioned sources of financing and means of liquidity risk management,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
no assurance can be given that such sources or means are sufficient for the purpose of ensuring the 
continuous liquidity of the Elisa Group. Any shortfall in the liquidity of the Elisa Group could adversely 
affect the Elisa Group's financial position and results of operations. 
Changes in interest rates could have a negative effect on the value of Elisa Group’s assets and increase 
Elisa Group’s financing costs 
The Elisa Group is exposed to interest rate risk through funding, cash management and investment activities. 
Changes in interest rates affect the fair value of assets and liabilities. Interest income and interest expense in 
the income statement are influenced by changes in interest rates in the market. In order to manage interest 
rate risk, the Elisa Group’s loans and investments are diversified into fixed- and variable-rate instruments. 
The majority of the loans issued by the Elisa Group are fixed-rate loans. In terms of variable-rate loans, 
interest rate swaps can be used to manage interest rate risk. Effectively, most of Elisa’s debt is in fixed 
interest so the effect of the increased interest rates will occur when fixed interest debt is refinanced. 
However, regardless of the aforementioned means of managing the risk, changes in the general interest rate 
environment could have a negative impact on the value of the assets or increase the financing costs of the 
Elisa Group, which could in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position or 
results of operations. 
Changes in exchange rates could have a negative impact on the financial position or results of operation of 
Elisa Group 
Most of the operational cash flow of the Elisa Group is denominated in euro. However, certain subsidiaries 
in the Elisa Group are operating outside the euro zone and are thus exposed to changes in the value of their 
operative currencies relative to the euro. Typically, these risks in the Elisa Group relate to the value of the 
Swedish krona, Russian ruble, Canadian dollar, Singapore dollar, Norwegian krone, British pound sterling, 
Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar. Even though currency derivatives are used to manage currency risk, no 
assurance can be given that changes in the applicable exchange rates would not have a negative impact on 
the financial position or results of operations of Elisa and its group companies. 
If a counterparty of Elisa Group does not meet its legal or contractual obligations, this could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position or results of operations 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or 
customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Elisa Group's credit risk arises mainly from trade 
receivables and cash and cash equivalents. Even though the customer base of the Elisa Group is diversified 
and liquid assets of the Elisa Group are invested or deposited within confirmed limits in financially solid 
credit institutions and in domestic corporations and institutions, a credit default by a financial counterparty of 
the Elisa Group could have a negative impact on the Elisa Group's liquidity and customer relationships, 
which could in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Elisa Group's financial position or results of 
operations. 
Global pandemic, economic and political risks 
General economic trends and outbreak of disease epidemics could have a material adverse effect on the 
Elisa Group’s business  
The Elisa Group conducts its business within the telecommunications and digital services market and is 
consequently affected by general economic trends outside the Elisa Group’s control. The occurrence of 
extraordinary events, such as the outbreak of disease epidemics, have an adverse impact on the global 
economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, or even depression. 
The outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19), which first emerged in China in December 2019 and is 
considered a pandemic, led to a major slowdown in economic activity first during 2020 and then during the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
first half of 2021, partly due to the spread of the virus itself, but even more so due to the political decisions 
enacted across different nations in order to try to contain the virus, such as quarantines, shut downs and 
restrictions on mobility. Although vaccination rates increased, and the pandemic related restrictions have 
now been removed, COVID-19 and its variants might lead to new restrictions and shut downs in the future. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the further economic consequences of COVID-19 are uncertain, 
depending on a myriad of factors. The COVID-19 pandemic affected both the supply and demand sides of 
the economy and led to disruptions in sectors such as automotive, aviation, retail, hospitality and finance, 
and the full effects have yet to filter through the value chain. Currently, there is no reliable way to predict, 
with certainty, the timing or value of transactions affected. Thus, any future re-emergence of COVID-19 or 
other disease variants may lead to investments being postponed or planned acquisitions and/or divestments 
not being carried out as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on the Elisa Group’s business. 
In addition, the longer any pandemic persists, it may become more difficult to raise capital, obtain loans or 
other financings or service existing debt.  
Changes in global economic conditions could adversely affect Elisa Group's business and financial 
performance 
The global economic situation and related recessionary conditions, together with higher inflation and 
increasing interest rates, could affect sales of the Elisa Group's products and services, as the ability of clients 
to pay for these products and services could be adversely impacted. Due to inflationary pressures, the Elisa 
Group could simultaneously face higher operating and other costs. These and other effects of recent global 
economic conditions could adversely affect the Elisa Group's business and financial performance. Effects of 
recent global economic conditions could adversely affect the Elisa Group's financial performance via effects 
to the availability and the terms of funding in the public or bank markets. The global economic conditions 
could also reduce demand for the Elisa Group's products as consumer and corporate customers reduce their 
spending. 
Increased political tensions or developments may give rise to uncertainty and negatively affect the business 
conditions of Elisa Group 
Increased geopolitical tensions, including those related to the Russian war in Ukraine, the Middle East 
(including the impact of oil prices on the global economy), China and North Korea, and political 
developments, such as the policies of the U.S. presidential administration, may give rise to significant 
uncertainty and also negatively affect the business conditions of the Elisa Group. In addition, turmoil in the 
capital and credit markets may result in decreased availability of credit, which could have an adverse effect 
on the global economy and, consequently, on the markets for the Elisa Group's products. The current 
geopolitical circumstances pose a notable risk of an increase in protectionist measures, including further 
direct or indirect government support for certain participants in the countries in which Elisa Group or its 
competitors operate, which could distort competition in the market and require companies not benefiting 
from such support to curtail capacity and take other measures to remain competitive. An increase in 
protectionist measures could materially shrink global trade. 
There are increasing levels of uncertainty relating to Russia's war in Ukraine and extensive sanctions have 
been continuously imposed since the commencement of the war. This has affected and is expected to 
continue to affect the general economic environment, such as inflation and energy prices. Ongoing 
challenges in global supply chains may also result in uncertainties in volumes and prices. Disturbances 
related to running infrastructure may also occur, for example due to cyber incidents. The Elisa Group’s 
business activities in Russia have been stopped, and the Elisa Group is winding down its subsidiary in 
Russia.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In addition, in the event that the Issuer has or will become obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect 
of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed or 
on behalf of any relevant tax jurisdiction, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, redemption of the Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to conditions.   
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
this interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", including EURIBOR, STIBOR and 
NIBOR, are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including 
EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or other 
relevant reference rates, ceases to be published or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Condition 4(c)) 
otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the Rate of Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes 
could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes),

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
and that, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is determined, an Adjustment 
Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be determined by the relevant 
Independent Adviser and may also include other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
the Agency Agreement (without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders (as such terms are defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread, as applicable. An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero and 
may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) will still result in any Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any such adjustment or amendment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder or 
Couponholder. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread, is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the 
Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the 
potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions in respect of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing 
EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR. 
The Issuer may experience difficulties financing the redemption of Notes on the occurrence of a Put Event 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such Series of Notes 
will contain change of control provisions to the effect that if any person or any persons acting in concert (as 
defined in the United Kingdom's City Code on Takeovers and Mergers in force on 28 February 2007) or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) owns or acquires (A) more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of shares in the capital of the Issuer 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights attached to the issued or allotted share capital of the 
Issuer that are normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer and this results in a ratings downgrade 
below the agreed thresholds or a withdrawal of a credit rating, then each Noteholder of the relevant Series of 
Notes has the option to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase its Notes subject to the more detailed 
provisions of Condition 6(g). In addition, if 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of a Series of Notes is 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(g), the Issuer may redeem or purchase the remaining Notes in such Series. 
In the event that a Change of Control Put is triggered, the Issuer may be required to redeem or purchase 
Notes in respect of any Series of Notes where Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. At such time, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds available to cover the cost of 
redeeming such outstanding Notes and may have difficulties securing third-party financing to do so. The 
change of control may cause the acceleration of other indebtedness which may be senior to the Notes or rank 
equally with the Notes. In the event that a Put Event results in the simultaneous acceleration of the majority 
or a significant part of the Issuer's outstanding debt, there may be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
financial condition. Any holder not exercising its rights following a Put Event may experience a significant 
reduction in the liquidity of the Notes held by it if one or more holders of the same Series of Notes exercise 
their option to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase such Notes. Any such reduction in liquidity may 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
In addition, for those Series of Notes where Change of Control Put is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will have no option for the Notes to be redeemed or purchased by 
the Issuer regardless of the change in ownership of the Issuer. 
In respect of any Note issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, the application of the net 
proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may describe such Notes as “Green 
Bonds” or otherwise provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds (or an amount 
equal thereto) of those Notes specifically for eligible assets and projects included from time to time in a 
portfolio (the Sustainability Portfolio) in accordance with the Issuer’s sustainability finance framework 
(that, for the avoidance of doubt, may be updated from time to time), which is available at 
https://elisa.com/corporate/investors/elisa-as-an-investment/debt-financing/ (as it may be amended from time 
to time, the Sustainability Finance Framework) (such Notes being referred to in this Base Prospectus as, 
Green Bonds) as further described in “Use of Proceeds” below or the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Sustainability Finance Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in 
this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment by such investor in such 
Green Bonds (together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary, including a review of the 
then-applicable Sustainability Finance Framework). In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of such net proceeds (or an amount equal thereto) in accordance with the Sustainability 
Finance Framework will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including any standards 
resulting from the proposal for a European green bond standard (the EU GBS) adopted by the European 
Commission on 6 July 2021), or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to the impact (whether direct or indirect) of any environmental, 
sustainability or social projects or uses which are the subject of or related to, the relevant eligible projects 
and/or assets included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined universal definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” 
or an equivalently-labelled asset, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset to be 
defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label (including as a result of the 
introduction of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (as defined below) and similar classifications 
schemes in other jurisdictions), and, if developed in the future, such eligible projects and/or assets included 
from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio may not reflect these developments. Even if such definition 
or market consensus should develop or be established, no assurance can be given that any Eligible Green 
Assets or Green Bonds will meet such definition or consensus requirements. A basis for the determination of 
what may constitute a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development 
by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical 
screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
(including, for example, through Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139). Until the technical

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
screening criteria for all the objectives of the EU Sustainable Taxonomy have been finalised, it is not known 
whether the Sustainability Finance Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, or any other 
sustainability framework, taxonomy, common standard or other framework relating to green, social or 
sustainable investments, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person) to any investor that (a) any eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in 
the Sustainability Portfolio or uses the subject of, or related to, any such eligible projects and/or assets 
included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio, will meet any or all of such investor’s expectations 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or 
investment criteria (including any future requirements of the EU GBS), or (b) that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in the 
Sustainability Portfolio. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in “Use of 
Proceeds” below)) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds and in particular whether any financing or refinancing of any projects and/or assets in the 
Sustainability Portfolio fulfils any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall they be deemed to 
be, incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall they be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date that report, assessment, opinion or certification was issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to the impact (whether direct or indirect) of any environmental, sustainability or social projects 
or uses which are the subject of or related to, any eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in 
the Sustainability Portfolio). Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or 
assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds (or an amount equal thereto) of any Green Bonds for 
eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio and to obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the Sustainability Finance Framework; however, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any relevant eligible projects and/or assets included from 
time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects and/or assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such projects and/or

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
assets included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds from an issue of Green Bonds (or an amount equal 
thereto) to such eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio, or to 
obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not constitute an event of 
default or any other default or breach (howsoever described) or give rise to any other claim of a holder of the 
relevant Green Bond against the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds (or an amount equal thereto) 
for any such eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in the Sustainability Portfolio as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or 
any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, 
and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, and 
also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance or refinance the projects 
and/or assets included in the Sustainability Portfolio, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Green Bonds issued under the 
Programme. 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Set out below is a description of the material risks relating to the Notes issued under the Programme: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In addition, 
the Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall be obliged to use its reasonable 
endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in 
the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(c)(iv) without the consent of Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial 
difficulties.  Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and 
can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no 
genuine economic interest in the Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed within the 12 week 
period following the end of a moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a 
payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than 
they would be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then 
the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned 
Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned 
Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value 
of their investment in the Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the 
Notes (by, for example, writing down the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on 
the Notes, the maturity date or dates on which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system, would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
An English court judgment may not be enforceable in Finland 
Any judgment obtained in respect of the Notes in the English courts against the Issuer would not be 
enforceable in Finland without a re-litigation of the matter on its merits. While a judgment of the English 
courts will constitute evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which such judgment relates by the Finnish 
courts, the matter would need to be re-litigated before a competent Finnish court and the Finnish court would 
have full discretion to re-examine the matter on its merits. 
Risks related to the market  
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a 
limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes, especially if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on any such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transition provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published in English shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/5aKJoQWt6uInbjga9pZ7UT/Elisa-Financial-
Statements-2021.pdf?_ga=2.202057489.1221016181.1652890784-932473942.1652890784), set out 
on the following pages of the 2021 Financial Statements of the Issuer:  
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 9 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 10 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
pages 11 to 12 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
pages 13 to 14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
page 15 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 16 to 89 
Key Indicators  
page 90 
Formulae for Financial Summary Indicators 
page 91 
Auditor’s Report 
    pages 120 to 124 
(2) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/286UPSXus9HYRchJLikSJz/Elisa_Financial%20Stat
ements_2022.pdf?_ga=2.88629151.567643544.1685736473-1996630413.1685736473), set out on 
the following pages of the 2022 Financial Statements of the Issuer:  
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 9 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 10 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
pages 11 to 12 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
pages 13 to 14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 15 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 16 to 89 
Key Indicators  
page 90 
Formulae for Financial Summary Indicators 
page 91 
Auditor’s Report 
    pages 120 to 124 
(3) 
the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2023 of the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/rkh9o4zhXvwD3EG9NQ82s/Interim%20Report%20
Q2%202023.pdf?_ga=2.30394812.2082412664.1689327056-962491731.1647419096), set out on 
the following pages of the 2023 Half-Year Report of the Issuer:  
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 12 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 13 
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
page 14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 15 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 16 to 23 
(4) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2016 
on 
pages 
33 
to 
59 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/3etF0eNASgvGH39bULLW5r/Elisa_Base-

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Prospectus-2016-06-15.pdf?w=800&_ga=2.61768556.1764471103.1594811736-
35420111.1594811736); 
(5) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated 14 August 
2018 
on 
pages 
35 
to 
61 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/6Z5jnBrVLMp9kqZDsPRCD7/Elisa_Base-
Prospectus-2018-08-14.pdf?w=800&_ga=2.268836913.1764471103.1594811736-
35420111.1594811736); and 
(6) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated 23 July 2020 
on 
pages 
39 
to 
69 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://static.elisa.com/v2/image/2tqybbhjs47b/CIPsGFgvdILklw0FkSFsi/Elisa%20Base%20Prospec
tus%2023%20July%202020.pdf?w=800&_ga=2.231371039.1073211403.1623408457-
1069252795.1623408457). 
With respect to paragraphs (1) to (6) above, any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
To supplement its financial statements presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), the Issuer uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that would be 
considered Alternative Performance Measures (APMs). These APMs are described in the Key Indicators and 
Formulae for Financial Summary Indicators sections of the annual financial statements for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 on pages 92 to 93, respectively. 
These APMs are not based on financial statements standards and should not be considered as a substitute for 
financial information presented in compliance with IFRS. The Issuer believes that these APMs provide 
meaningful supplemental information by excluding items that may not be indicative of the operating result or 
cash flows of the Issuer. APMs enhance comparability from period to period and are frequently used by 
analysts, investors and other parties. However, undue reliance should not be placed on the APMs presented 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the 
Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests 
in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant 
(the Deed of Covenant) dated 19 July 2023, executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus (if applicable) or a new Base 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice 
if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]1 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
ELISA CORPORATION 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 743700TU2S3DXWGU7H32 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART 1 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com).] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [15 June 2016/14 August 2018/23 July 2020] [and the 
supplement to it dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 
and attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 
July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
                                                     
1 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[             ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[             ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days 
after the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [23] below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[             ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[             ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[             ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[             ] 
 
N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent). 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used, the following sample wording 
should be followed:  
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation to calculation of 
interest in global form see 
Conditions): 
[             ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[             ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes — Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[             ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[Reference Rate] +/-[             ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
see paragraph [12]/[ 13]/[14] below 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[12]/[13] applies and for the period from (and including) 
[date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, paragraph 
[12/13] applies][Not Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below] 
11. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[             ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [             ]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[           ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates 
[             ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, not subject 
to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[             ] 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):  
[             ] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [      ] month  [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
Relevant Time: [[     ] in the Relevant Financial Centre/As per 
Condition 4(b)(ii)] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [Brussels/ Stockholm/ Oslo] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] (For EURIBOR) 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] (For STIBOR) 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] (For NIBOR) 
[[      ]] prior to the start of each Interest Period 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[             ]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [             ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives) 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[             ] 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[             ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of five clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
17. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
 
 
(a) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
18. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[[   ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[   ]] 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[   ]]] time/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Rate 
Determination Date: 
[The [   ] Business Day preceding the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
in part] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(vii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[             ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of five clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon 
an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event]  
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [€199,000]".)  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating 
the 
amount 
of 
interest, 
to 
which 
subparagraph 13(c) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made]/[No]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
PART 2 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [             ].] [Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the CRA 
Regulation).]] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
4. 
YIELD 
(Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[             ][Not Applicable] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/[Green Bonds]/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[             ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[             ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(d) 
FISN: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
and 
address(es): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
number(s) 
and 
address(es)] 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[             ] 
(h) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
eligibility: 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(b) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(c) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, If not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Elisa Corporation (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement dated 19 July 2023 (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement), and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
19 July 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office for the time being of each of the Agent and the Paying 
Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying 
Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If 
this Note is to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). If this Note is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (EEA) or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the EEA or 
(ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, 
the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of 
Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a 
Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
the Issuer will not and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
will create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form of encumbrance 
or security interest (Security), upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues 
present or future to secure any Relevant Debt of any person, or any guarantee of or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Debt of any person unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes and the Coupons are secured equally and rateably therewith or have the 
benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Relevant Debt means any present or future indebtedness in the 
form of, or represented by, securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed, ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock, exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the rate(s) of interest (as used in this paragraph, Rate(s) of Interest). 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation 
Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such subunit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (1) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (2) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (II) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
I. 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
II. 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
III. 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (b) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below. 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(c) and subject as 
provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
If, other than in the circumstances described in Condition 4(c) below, the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or if, in the case of I above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of II above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, 
the Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the 
second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; and 
(c) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal 
Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer. 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) EURIBOR, (ii) STIBOR, or (iii) NIBOR, in each case for the 
relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR and Oslo, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Time shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of 
STIBOR, 11.00 a.m. and (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, in each case in the 
Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as an independent adviser, appointed by 
the Issuer and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a minimum rate of interest for any Interest Period 
(Minimum Rate of Interest), then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a maximum rate of interest for any Interest Period 
(Maximum Rate of Interest), then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 









360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 









360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; "M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(1) that day is the last day of February or (2) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (1) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (2) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(ii)) and (in either case) an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iv)). An

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4(c). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 4(c)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in 
Condition 4(c)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii), 
the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a quantum or a formula or 
methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c) and the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Time 
or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread  (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(c)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  The Agent and each other 
Paying Agent (as applicable) shall, without the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to effect any such amendments 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, as applicable, as may be specified by the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Independent Adviser following consultation with the Issuer in order to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments. 
(v) 
Notices, etc 
The Issuer will notify the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Noteholders and Couponholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 4(c). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) (but without any obligation on the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, any Paying Agent, any 
Noteholder or any Couponholder to ascertain whether any such manifest error or bad faith 
has arisen)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 4(c), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined and notified to the Agent or any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), in each case 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c), prior to such Interest Determination Date, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for 
in Condition 4(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(c)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable 
to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(c). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (a) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is acknowledged or recognised 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (a) nor (b) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be);  
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A); or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; or 
(h) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be representative or may no longer be used, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (h)(A); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under this Condition 4(c); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Event(s), such originally-
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Paying Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in Respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as applicable 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount (the Final Redemption Amount) 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 6(h), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the optional redemption amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (Optional Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out below) and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Make-Whole Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, 
in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any 
or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-
Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed. If redemption in part 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, on a Selection Date not 
more than 30 days prior to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from 
(and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date pursuant to 
this Condition 6(d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 6(d), Make-Whole Redemption Amount means: (A) the outstanding nominal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to 
maturity (or, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest to the first such Optional Redemption Date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any 
portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Reference Rate plus the Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed and that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent means an independent investment, merchant or commercial bank 
or financial institution selected by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security 
specified is not appropriate for such purpose, the Reference Bond shall be such other central bank or 
government security as the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may, with the advice of Reference 
Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the arithmetic mean of five Reference Market Maker Quotations 
for the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest of such five 
Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such 
quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of 
the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) quoted in writing to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at the 
Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) or Condition 6(d)), the Notes may be redeemed

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by 
this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this Condition 6(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms then this 
Condition 6(g) will apply. 
(a) 
A Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the United Kingdom's 
City Code on Takeovers and Mergers in force on 28 February 2007) or any person 
or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the Relevant Person) at any time 
directly or indirectly own(s) or acquire(s): (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued 
or allotted ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of shares in the 
capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights 
attached to the issued or allotted share capital of the Issuer that are normally

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (such event being a Change of 
Control), provided that a Change of Control shall be deemed not to have occurred if 
all or substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant Person are, or immediately 
prior to the event which would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control 
were, the shareholders of the Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro 
rata interest in the share capital of the Relevant Person as such shareholders have, or 
as the case may be, had in the share capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (x) the date of 
the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (y) the date of 
the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes 
carry from either of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody's) or S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) or any of their respective successors or 
affiliates or any other rating agency (each a Substitute Rating Agency) of 
equivalent international standing specified by the Issuer (each, a rating agency): 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any rating agency is within the Change of Control Period 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or 
equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such rating 
agency; or 
(B) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), 
and such rating from any rating agency is within the Change of Control 
Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to 
Ba2/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in 
the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such rating agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating, and no credit rating from another rating agency and no 
rating agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an investment 
grade credit rating to the Notes, 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating 
from more than one rating agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then 
sub-paragraph (A) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant rating agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) 
resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. Upon receipt by the Issuer of 
any such written confirmation, the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written 
confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
If the rating designations employed by either of Moody's or S&P are changed from those 
which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations 
of Moody's or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent 
to the prior rating designations of Moody's or S&P and this Condition 6(g) shall be read 
accordingly.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
If a Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the Put 
Date (as defined below) at the Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the date of redemption or purchase. Such option shall operate as set out 
below. 
(c) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall, 
give notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition 6(g). 
(d) 
To exercise the option to require the redemption or purchase of a Note under this Condition 
6(g), the holder of the Note must, if the Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver such Note, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent, at any time during normal business hours of the relevant Paying Agent falling within 
the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Change of Control Put 
Notice). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto 
maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Put Period (the Put 
Date), failing which the relevant Paying Agent will require payment of an amount equal to 
the face value of any such missing Coupon. Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the 
Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any 
replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 10) at any time after such payment, but 
before the expiry of the period of five years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
7) in respect of such Coupon, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and 
Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-
transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. 
If a Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the option to require the redemption or purchase of 
the Note under this Condition 6(g), the holder of the Note must, within the Put Period, give 
notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common safekeeper for them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered or in respect of which such notice is given to 
the Agent will be made either (i) on the Put Date by transfer to the bank account (if any) 
specified in the relevant Change of Control Put Notice; or (ii) if no such bank account is so 
specified, on or after the Put Date against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) 
endorsement of the Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent. A Change of Control 
Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions, pending 
redemption or purchase of the relevant Notes non-transferable receipts issued pursuant to 
this Condition 6(g)(d) shall be treated as if they were Notes. The Issuer shall redeem or, at 
its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Put Date unless 
previously redeemed and cancelled or purchased. 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of a Series of Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(g), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem or, at its 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the remaining Notes as a whole at their

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or 
purchase. 
(e) 
In these Conditions: 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the 
Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within 
the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may 
be, rating by a rating agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public 
announcement of such consideration); and 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and  
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
y
AY)
 
 
(1
 x 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 


 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at its option retain any Notes so redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption or purchase) for its own 
account and/or resell or cancel or otherwise deal with the same at its discretion. 
(k) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph (h)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer or by the 
Paying Agent will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the 
holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
the holder of which would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
presenting the same for payment on such 13th day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(e)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Grand-Duché of Luxembourg and/or the Republic of Finland or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in 
the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same 
to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if: (A) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is, or becomes capable of being, declared due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); (B) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable 
grace period; (C) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; (D) default is made by the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
person; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(v) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar Official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar Official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in 
any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days or 
are otherwise being disputed by the Issuer for cause and in good faith; or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) 
or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(h)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
(i) 
Material Subsidiary at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to the Issuer (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. 
of the consolidated gross revenues attributable to the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
A report by the Directors of the Issuer that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the auditors of the Issuer, addressed to the Directors 
of the Issuer as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Directors of the Issuer in 
determining the Material Subsidiaries of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the 
calculation shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness which in aggregate exceeds 
€10,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, on the basis of the middle spot rate for 
the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by a leading bank on the date on which the 
relevant clause operates, (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for 
or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities 
or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance 
credit. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Paying Agents 
The initial Paying Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent and a Paying Agent with its specified office in a country 
outside the Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7); and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent, which may be the Agent, with a specified office in such place as may be required by 
the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(d). Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that exchange so require, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted 
on the resolution, and on all and Couponholders.  
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of 
Covenant or Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Agent shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(c)(iv) above, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists 
or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 17(b)(iii) below, the English courts have jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b), each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This Condition 17(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.  
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints EC3 Services Limited (ref: CHH/REH/2300227) at its office at The 
St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London EC3A 7AR as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of EC3 
Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
(including making a profit) or, if applicable, as otherwise described below. If, in respect of an issue of Notes 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Green Bonds 
Where the “Reasons for the Offer” item in Part B of the applicable Final Terms for any Tranche of Notes 
refers to “Green Bonds”, an amount equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or re-finance eligible projects and/or assets included from time to time in the Sustainability 
Portfolio pursuant to the Sustainability Finance Framework, which can be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://elisa.com/corporate/investors/elisa-as-an-investment/debt-financing/ and which is in effect at the time 
of issuance of the relevant Notes.  
The Sustainable Finance Framework sets out, amongst other things, the type of projects and assets that are 
eligible for the allocation of net proceeds raised from Green Bonds, the process around selection and 
approval of allocation of proceeds to such eligible projects and/or assets included in the Sustainability 
Portfolio and how the Issuer will manage and report on the allocation of the net proceeds of its Green Bonds. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks that 
determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated (as of 4 January 2022) the Sustainability Finance 
Framework and issued a second party opinion (the views in which are intended to inform investors in 
general, and not for a specific investor) on the Sustainability Finance Framework (the Second Party 
Opinion) verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
Green Bond Principles 2021. The Second Party Opinion can be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://elisa.com/corporate/investors/elisa-as-an-investment/debt-financing/ and is only current as at the date 
it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by Sustainalytics at any time. 
An external auditor of Elisa, or a similar party appointed by Elisa with the relevant expertise and experience, 
will examine the Issuer’s reporting and verify that an amount equal to the net proceeds from any Green 
Bonds have been allocated to the eligible projects or assets included in the Sustainability Portfolio. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers (including the Sustainability Finance Framework, any report, assessment, opinion or 
certification in relation thereto (including the Second Party Opinion) and any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of any application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green 
Bonds) will not be incorporated into and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
Information about the Issuer 
The legal name of Elisa is Elisa Corporation and it trades commercially as "Elisa". Elisa has been allocated 
Finnish Business ID number 0116510-6 and is registered in the Finnish Trade Register. Elisa's predecessor, 
Helsinki Telephone Association, was founded on 6 June 1882. Elisa is incorporated as a public limited 
liability company under the Finnish Companies Act and is domiciled in Helsinki. The life of the company is 
indefinite. Elisa is listed on the Main Market of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (ELISA).  Elisa's legal entity identifier 
is 743700TU2S3DXWGU7H32. 
Elisa's main office is located in Helsinki, the address is Ratavartijankatu 5, 00520 Helsinki, the telephone 
number is +358 10 26000 and the website is https://elisa.com/.2  
Organisational structure 
Elisa is the parent company of the Elisa Group. Elisa conducts its operations both directly and through 
subsidiaries. Elisa’s most significant fully owned subsidiaries are Elisa Eesti As (Elisa Estonia), Enia Oy, 
visual communications company Elisa Videra Oy, Elisa Santa Monica Oy (formerly Santa Monica Networks 
Oy) in Finland, Polystar OSIX AB in Sweden and camLine in Germany.  
Elisa's two reporting segments are corporate customers and consumer customers. Geographical segments 
(comprising Finland and other countries) are defined as secondary segments. 
The diagram below shows Elisa's operational organisation: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer customers 
 
 
 
 
Corporate customers 
 
 
Elisa Estonia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Production 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finance 
 
 
Administration 
 
 
HR 
 
 
Communications 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
2 Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) the 
information on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Business overview 
The Elisa Group is a telecom operator whose customers comprise large companies, institutions, small and 
medium sized companies and retail consumers. The Elisa Group offers diverse voice and data services in 
mobile and fixed networks, connections to the internet and content services, voice solutions, customised 
communication and ICT solutions, cable TV services, visual communications, international communication 
and software solutions and network operator services. 
Mobile communication business 
The Elisa Group offers mobile communication services to consumer and corporate customers through its 
own networks in Finland and Estonia. The Elisa Group's service provision is supported by a comprehensive 
retail network, which is based on its own retail outlets and a network of representatives. The Elisa Group 
offers its mobile services under the brands Elisa and Saunalahti. In December 1991, Elisa became the world's 
first commercial GSM operator and currently is one of the three network operators in Finland, offering 
digital mobile services through its 2G, 3G, 4G/LTE and 5G networks. 
Frequencies in Finland and Estonia 
 
Licences 
Band 
Granted by 
Amount MHz 
Validity 
Auction Price 
EUR Million 
Finland 
450 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
9.0 
21.06.2025 
- 
  
700 MHz 
Auction 
20.0 
31.12.2033 
22.0 
  
800 MHz 
Auction 
20.0 
31.12.2033 
33.3 
  
900 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
22.8 
31.12.2033 
- 
  
1800 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
49.6 
31.12.2033 
- 
  
2100 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
39.6 
31.12.2033 
- 
  
2600 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
100.0 
16.12.2029 
2.3 
  
3500 MHz 
Auction 
130.0 
31.12.2033 
26.3 
  
26 GHz 
Auction 
800.0 
31.12.2033 
7.0 
Estonia 
800 MHz 
Auction 
20.0 
 Permanent 
5.0 
  
900 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
22.8 
 Permanent  
- 
  
1800 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
49.6 
 Permanent  
- 
 
1900 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
4.8 
 Permanent 
- 
 
2100 MHz 
Competitive tender process 
30.0 
 Permanent  
- 
  
2600 MHz 
Auction 
40.0 
 Permanent  
- 
 
2600 MHz 
Auction 
20.0 
 Permanent 
2.4 
 
2600 MHz 
Auction 
40.0 
 Permanent  
3.2 
  
3500 MHz 
Auction 
130.0 
 Permanent  
7.2 
 
26 GHz 
Auction 
800.0 
 Permanent 
1.6 
In Estonia, licenses have unspecified term and are valid as long as the yearly state fee has been paid by 
operator. The state fee is based on the Estonian State Fees act and may be changed over the course of time. 
As at 30 June 2023, the Elisa Group had approximately 4,444,000 subscribers to its networks in Finland and 
approximately 702,000 in Estonia. In 2022, the Elisa Group subscribers' average data usage was 36.5 
gigabyte per month totalling almost 1,917 million gigabytes of data in Finland. Mobile service revenue 
accounted for 73 per cent. of the Elisa Group's mobile revenues, including mobile broadband subscriptions in 
2022. The Elisa Group charges subscribers a connection fee, a monthly subscription charge and traffic 
charges for outgoing calls based on minutes of use. Mobile subscribers are not charged for incoming calls 
(although the Elisa Group may receive interconnection fees from other network operators for such calls). The

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Elisa Group currently offers several tariff plans and a variety of service and data packages designed to meet 
the needs of different market segments, including both business and residential users. The Elisa Group offers 
its customers a full range of 2G, 3G, 4G and 5G speech and data services, and is continuously engaged in 
developing new products and services for its subscribers. The Elisa Group has cooperated with Vodafone Plc 
(Vodafone) since 2002. The purpose of the cooperation is to give the Elisa Group's customers the best 
possible services abroad as well as to offer Vodafone's customers state of the art services while roaming in 
Finland or Estonia.  
Fixed network business 
Elisa offers fixed network based voice and data services to private, corporate and institutional customers, and 
operators in Finland. The service portfolio also covers ICT solutions, Nordic and international 
telecommunication services as well as a wide array of contact centre services. Historically, the provision of 
fixed line telephony services constituted Elisa's core business. The Elisa Group owns the local network 
infrastructure serving the areas of Helsinki, Tampere, Jyväskylä, Riihimäki, Joensuu, Kotka, Kontiolahti, 
Ylivieska, Vaasa, Seinäjoki, Kokkola and the area surrounding Turku. The Elisa Group has a modern 
network that allows it to offer access technologies, such as VDSL2 and fibre and supply value added 
services, and adapt its service package and applications to anticipate and meet customers' needs and 
consumption trends. Alongside advanced copper technologies, Elisa is committed to deploying future-proof 
fibre infrastructure as a means of meeting the escalating demand of more bandwidth and advanced services. 
The Elisa Group's exchange equipment is fully digital and based on IN (Intelligent Network) architecture. 
As of 30 June 2023, the Elisa Group had installed in Finland approximately 1,127,000 local access channels, 
including approximately 544,000 broadband channels and approximately 546,000 cable TV subscriptions. 
An increasing portion of the Elisa Group's business activities involves the provision of a diverse range of 
advanced and customised network, data and internet services for both business and residential customers. In 
the area of managed network services, the Elisa Group offers data transmission services, including IP-MPLS, 
Ethernet, WDM and LAN services, as well as a variety of corporate communications solutions, including 
intranet, extranet and various tailored solutions designed to improve the flexibility and utility of the Elisa 
Group's business customers' networks. The Elisa Group is involved in a variety of internet service activities. 
The Elisa Group also provides dedicated leased lines to customers throughout Finland. 
International Digital Services 
International Digital Services offers Communication Service Providers (CSPs) a portfolio of proven 
monitoring, analytics and automation software to increase network quality, efficiency and customer 
experience. For manufacturers and supply chains, it offers a range of intelligent software to help ensure 
future competitiveness. 
Elisa has three international businesses under International Digital Services: 
 
Elisa IndustrIQ provides software for intelligent manufacturing happen for a variety of data-driven 
manufacturing sites and supply chains. It has over 500 experts serving over 400 groups globally.  
 
Elisa Polystar aims to make self-driving networks possible for CSPs. It has over 400 experts serving 
over 160 CSPs globally. 
 
Elisa Videra is a leader in the integration of enterprise video, audio and signage, with global 
delivery, deployment service, and managed services. It provides virtual communication solutions 
and services to large international enterprises supporting tomorrow’s workplaces.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Acquisition of Polystar OSIX AB group 
On 10 June 2019, Elisa entered into an agreement to acquire Polystar OSIX group. Polystar is a global 
provider of analytics, assurance and monitoring software solutions for mobile operators. 
Polystar has headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. 
Acquisition of camLine GmbH group 
On 12 January 2021, Elisa announced that it had acquired camLine GmbH group. camLine is a software 
solution provider for manufacturing industry with strong focus on MES, quality and operational excellence. 
camLine has over 30 years of experience and 220 professionals in Germany, Hungary, Malaysia, Romania, 
Singapore, Taiwan and USA. 
camLine has headquarters in Petershausen, Germany. 
Other businesses & divestments 
For consumer customers, Elisa offers other services such as Elisa Viihde IPTV service and Elisa Kirja 
(electronic and voice books). 
On 17 May 2018, Elisa published a press release stating that Sulake Suomi Oy (now called "Sulake Oy") had 
made a directed share issue to Orangegames Holding B.V. Games (Orange Games). As a result, Elisa's 
ownership of Sulake Oy and its subsidiaries (Sulake Spain S.L.U, Sulake Brasil and Sulake UK Ltd) 
decreased to 49 per cent. Sulake Oy runs Habbo and Hideaway businesses. In December 2020, Elisa sold the 
remaining 49 per cent. of Sulake Oy to Orange Games. 
Financial targets 
On 9 March 2023, Elisa published its medium-term financial targets for the period up until the end of 2025. 
Medium term financial targets: 
Revenue growth: 
2022–2025 CAGR >2 per cent. 
EBITDA growth(1): 
2022–2025 CAGR >3 per cent. 
CAPEX/Sales(2): 
max. 12 per cent.  
Net Debt/EBITDA(3): 
1.5 – 2 times 
Equity ratio: 
Definitions 
of 
the 
APMs: 
 
above 35 per cent. 
 
 
(1) EBITDA 
 
EBIT + depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
 
 
(2) CAPEX/sales 
 
Capital expenditures - license fees/ 
 
 
Revenue

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
(3) Net Debt/EBITDA 
 
Financial liabilities - Cash and cash equivalents/ 
EBIT + depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
 
Distribution policy: 
Profit distribution is 80-100 per cent. of the previous fiscal year’s net profit. In 
addition, possible excess capital can be distributed to shareholders. When making 
the distribution proposal or decision, the Board of Directors will take into 
consideration the company's financial position, future financial needs and 
financial targets. Distribution methods include dividend payment, capital 
repayment and purchase of treasury shares. 
Annual General Meeting 
On 5 April 2023, Elisa's Annual General Meeting decided, among other things: 
(a) 
on a dividend to shareholders in the amount of EUR 2.15 per share on the basis of the 
31 December 2022 balance sheet; 
(b) 
on the authorisation to buyback or accept as a pledge Elisa's own shares. Such buyback may be 
directed and exercised once authorised by the Board of Directors. The amount of shares under this 
authorisation would be a maximum of 5,000,000 shares. The authorisation is effective until 5 
October 2024; 
(c) 
to authorise the Board of Directors to pass a resolution concerning the share issue, the right of 
assignment of treasury shares and/or the granting of special rights referred to in the Finnish 
Companies Act. The amount of shares under this authorisation is 15,000,000 shares at maximum. 
The authorisation is effective until 5 October 2024;  
(d) 
as proposed by the Shareholders' Nomination Board, to re-elect Maher Chebbo, Kim Ignatius, 
Katariina Kravi, Pia Kåll, Topi Manner, Eva-Lotta Sjöstedt, Anssi Vanjoki and Antti Vasara as 
members of the Board of Directors; and 
(e) 
to appoint Mr Anssi Vanjoki as the Chair and Ms Katariina Kravi as the Deputy Chair of the Board 
of Directors. 
Announcements in 2023 
On 18 January 2023, the Shareholders’ Nomination Board’s proposal on the composition and remuneration 
of the Elisa Board of Directors was released. 
On 27 January 2023, Elisa published its Financial Statements Release for 2022. 
On 27 January 2023, Elisa published its Notice to Elisa's Annual General Meeting. 
On 1 February 2023, Elisa announced the transfer of Elisa's own shares to participants in the Performance 
Share Plan 2018-2022 for the performance period 2020-2022. 
On 2 February 2023, Elisa published the Corporate Governance Statement and Remuneration Report 2022.  
On 8 February 2023, Elisa published an invitation to Capital Markets Day held on 9 March 2023.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
On 9 March 2023, Elisa’s Medium-term Targets and Distribution Policy was published. 
On 14 March 2023, Elisa's Annual Report, Financial Statements and Corporate Responsibility Report for 
2022 were released. 
On 5 April 2023, Elisa announced the decisions of Elisa's Annual General Meeting 2023. 
On 5 April 2023, Elisa announced the composition of the committees of Elisa’s Board of Directors.  
On 20 April 2023, Elisa published its interim report for the first quarter of 2023. 
On 10 May 2023, Elisa published the Estonian 26 GHz auction results. 
On 17 May 2023, Elisa published signing of EUR 170 million sustainability-linked revolving credit facility. 
On 24 May 2023, Elisa published appointments to Elisa’s Executive Board. 
On 14 July 2023, Elisa published its 2023 half-year financial report. 
Based on the EU’s Market Abuse Regulation that came into force on 3 July 2016, Elisa has released 
notifications of its managers’ transactions. 
The announcements and materials are available at www.elisa.com/investors.  
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
In accordance with Elisa’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of Elisa comprises a minimum of 
five and a maximum of nine members. The Members of the Board of Directors are appointed at the Annual 
General Meeting for a term of office ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting following the 
appointment. The General Meeting elects the chair and deputy chair of the Board of Directors. At present, 
the Board of Directors comprises nine members. 
In its organising meeting, the Board of Directors annually decides on committees, their chair and members. 
There are two current committees: the People and Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee. The 
committees do not pass resolutions but instead make recommendations on matters which fall under their area 
of responsibility for decision by the Board of Directors. The minutes of the committees are distributed to all 
members of the Board of Directors. The People and Compensation Committee deals with and prepares 
remuneration especially within management, Elisa’s remuneration policy and report, long-term incentive 
schemes, and other matters relating to developing management and personnel. The responsibility of the 
Audit Committee, among other things, is to monitor financial reporting, accounting and asset management as 
well as external and internal auditing and risk management, and to ensure that these activities have been duly 
organised. To fulfil its duties, the Audit Committee scrutinises the contents of the annual accounts and 
interim/half-year reports before they are approved by the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee also 
approves the auditing plan and an auditing report for the previous year prepared by internal auditors, an 
auditing plan for the forthcoming year prepared by external auditors and an auditing report for the previous 
year prepared by external auditors. The organising of risk management is also presented to the Audit 
Committee and a report on the largest risks is dealt with. The principal external auditor attends all the 
meetings of the Audit Committee. 
The Annual General Meeting decided on 4 April 2012 to establish a Shareholders' Nomination Board to 
prepare proposals for the election and remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors to Annual 
General Meetings. The Shareholders' Nomination Board also prepares proposals for the election of the Chair 
and the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
The Chair of the Board of Directors is in charge of identifying the largest shareholders of Elisa on 31 August 
of each year. The right to nominate shareholder representatives is vested with the four shareholders of Elisa 
having the largest share of votes in Elisa on 31 August preceding the Annual General Meeting. Should a 
shareholder not wish to exercise its right to appoint a member, the right is transferred to the next largest 
shareholder. The largest shareholder is determined on the basis of the shareholdings registered in the book-
entry system. 
The composition of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board since September 2022 is Mr Pauli Anttila 
(Solidium Oy), Mr Markus Aho, Mr Jouko Pölönen (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company), Ms 
Hanna Hiidenpalo (Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company) and Mr Anssi Vanjoki (Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Elisa Corporation). Pauli Anttila acts as the Chair of the Nomination Board. On 18 January 
2023, Elisa's Shareholders' Nomination Board published the proposals for the Annual General Meeting 2023. 
The Members of the Board of Directors are: 
Anssi Vanjoki (1956), M.Sc. (Econ.), Chair of the Board of Directors. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 
6,942 shares. 
Maher Chebbo (1965), PhD (Scientific). Main Board memberships and public duties currently undertaken: 
Board member: Accenta. Supervisory Board Observer: Greencom. Chair Technical Advisory Board: 
Energyworx. Digital Group Chair: ETIP Batteries. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 1,598 shares. 
Kim Ignatius (1956), M.Sc (Econ.). Main Board memberships and public duties currently undertaken:  Chair 
of the Board and the Audit Committee, member of the Remuneration Committee: Rovio Entertainment 
Corporation. Member of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee: Duell Corporation. Chair of the 
Board: Directors' Institute Finland. Vice Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee: Yliopiston 
Apteekki. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 2,985 shares. 
Katariina Kravi (1967), LLM, trained on the bench in respect of the Finnish courts. Main Board 
memberships and public duties currently undertaken: EVP, Human Resources: Stora Enso Oyj. Member of 
the Supervisory Board: Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 
1,121 shares. 
Pia Kåll, (1980), M.Sc (Eng.), CapMan, CEO. Main Board memberships and public duties currently 
undertaken:  Chair of the Board: Netox. Member of the Board: Forenom, PDSVISION, YrkesAkademin and 
DEN. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 1,013 shares. 
Topi Manner (1974), M.Sc (Econ.), Finnair Oyj, CEO. Main Board memberships and public duties currently 
undertaken: Member of the Board: UPM-Kymmene Corporation and Service Sector Employers 
PALTA. Member of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee: The International Air Transport 
Association (IATA). Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 2,079 shares. 
Eva-Lotta Sjöstedt (1966), IHM Business School Bachelors degree (KY) Economics, Marketing. The 
Wharton School Executive education course 2013. Main Board memberships and public duties currently 
undertaken: Member of Supervisory Board: Metro AG. Non executive director, Chair of ESG Committee: 
Tritax EuroBox PLC. Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 1,679 shares. 
Antti Vasara (1965), Dr. Tech (Tech. Physics), VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd, CEO. Main 
board memberships and public duties currently undertaken: Member of the Board: Jane and Aatos Erkko 
Foundation. President and Member of the Board: European Association of Research and Technology 
Organisations (EARTO). Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 4,124 shares.  
The People and Compensation Committee is comprised of Katariina Kravi (Committee Chair), Maher 
Chebbo and Eva-Lotta Sjöstedt as Committee Members.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
The Audit Committee is comprised of Kim Ignatius (Committee Chair), Pia Kåll, Topi Manner and Antti 
Vasara. 
All the members have been independent of the Issuer and of its major shareholders for the whole tenure. 
Elisa’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) manages the company’s business and administration in accordance 
with instructions and orders from the Board of Directors, the Articles of Association and the Finnish Limited 
Liability Companies Act. The CEO prepares Elisa’s strategy plans and objectives for the Board. The CEO is 
also responsible for implementing the approved strategy and plans.  
The CEO is also responsible for ensuring that Elisa’s accounting practices comply with applicable law and 
that financial matters are handled in a reliable manner. The CEO is appointed by the Board of Directors. Mr 
Veli-Matti Mattila is currently serving as the CEO of Elisa. 
Elisa’s Corporate Executive Board prepares the company strategy, directs Elisa’s regular operations, 
monitors the development of results, and deals with issues having substantial financial or other impact on 
Elisa, including significant mergers and acquisitions, as well as organisational changes. In addition, the 
Corporate Executive Board monitors risk management and is responsible for the proper organisation of 
administration under the CEO’s guidance. Matters stipulated in the charter of the Board as requiring a 
decision by the Board of Directors are submitted for decision-making by the Board. Elisa's Corporate 
Executive Board comprises: 
Veli-Matti Mattila (1961), M.Sc. (Eng.), MBA, President & CEO. He has served the Issuer since 2003. Main 
board memberships and public duties currently undertaken: Member of the Board of Directors: Orion Oyj, 
Research Institute of the Finnish Economy (ETLA) and Finnish Business and Policy Forum (EVA), Service 
Sector Employers PALTA, Mannerheim Foundation, Helander Foundation, and ShedHelsinki Foundation. 
Holdings in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: 96,614 shares. 
Timo Katajisto (1968), M.Sc. (Eng.), Executive Vice President, Corporate Customers unit, commencing 
from 1 January 2008. 
Vesa-Pekka Nikula (1964), M.Sc. (Tech.), MBA, Executive Vice President, Consumer Customers unit. 
Member of the Corporate Executive Board since 2014. 
Jari Kinnunen (1962), M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.) CFO. Member of the Corporate Executive Board since 
2005. 
Sami Komulainen (1976), M.Sc. (Tech.), Executive Vice President, Production. Member of the Corporate 
Executive Board since 2019. He has served the Issuer since 1999. 
Henri Korpi (1973), LL.M. Executive Vice President, International Digital Services. Member of the 
Corporate Executive Board since 2017. He has served the Issuer since 2006. 
Pasi Mäenpää (1965), Diploma in Computer Science, MBA Executive Vice President, New Business 
Development. Member of Elisa's Corporate Executive Board as of 23 January 2006. 
Antti Nieminen (1975), M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.) Executive Vice President, Marketing. He has served the 
Issuer since 2020. 
Eliisa Tapio (1972), M.Soc.Sc. Executive Vice President, Communications and Sustainability. Member of 
Elisa's Corporate Executive Board as of 24 May 2023. 
Merja Ranta-Aho (1966) M.Sc. (Psychology), Lic.Techn. (Work and organization psychology), Executive 
Vice President HR. She has served the Issuer since 2001.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Sami Ylikortes (1967), M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), LL.M., Executive Vice President, Administration. He 
has served the Issuer since 1996. 
The business address for all members of the Board of Directors, the People and Compensation Committee, 
the Audit Committee and the Corporate Executive Board is Ratavartijankatu 5, 00520 Helsinki, Finland. 
There is no conflict of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of the Board of 
Directors, the CEO and the members of the Corporate Executive Board and their duties to Elisa. 
Statutory auditors 
An Authorized Public Accountants Organization shall be elected as Elisa’s auditor. The auditor’s term of 
office is the financial year during which the auditor is appointed. The duties of the auditor end at the 
conclusion of the first Annual General Meeting following the expiration of its term of office. 
Elisa's auditor is KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants Organization. This firm has been Elisa's 
auditor since 31 March 2004, with Toni Aaltonen, Authorized Public Accountant, having the principal 
responsibility since 6 April 2017.  
The address of KPMG Oy Ab is P.O. Box 1037, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
Share and major shareholders 
Elisa is a publicly listed company on the Main Market of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and its free float is 100 per 
cent. To Elisa's knowledge it is not directly or indirectly controlled. There are no arrangements, known to 
Elisa, the operation of which may at any subsequent date result in a change in control of Elisa. The total 
number of shares is 167,335,073 of which Elisa holds as at 30 June 2023 as treasury shares 6,947,839 of its 
own shares which represents 4.15 per cent. of all the shares in Elisa.  
The following owners had over five per cent. ownership in Elisa as at 30 June 2023: Solidium Oy, fully 
owned by the State of Finland, held 16,802,800 shares which represents 10.04 per cent. of the shares; and 
BlackRock, Inc and its funds held over five per cent. ownership by direct shareholding and through financial 
instruments.  
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts outside the ordinary course of business of the Elisa Group to which any 
Group member is a party and which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to Elisa's ability to meet its obligations to holders of Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation 
The following is a general description addressing only the Finnish tax withholding obligations of income 
arising from the Notes. This description is (i) based on the laws, regulations and published case law in full 
force and effect in Finland and the interpretation thereof as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be 
subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect, and (ii) prepared on the assumption that 
the Issuer is resident in Finland for tax purposes. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a 
general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. The following 
description is based on an interpretation of general provisions of tax law. Prospective investors are, therefore, 
advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to determine, in light of their individual situation, the 
tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, exercise, redemption, sale or other disposition of the Notes. 
A.  Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do 
not engage in trade or business through a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of 
business in Finland may, in general, be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein provided that the identity of such persons can be appropriately established. It should be 
noted that an individual, who is a Finnish citizen, may be defined as resident in Finland for tax purposes 
during the tax year of relocation in a foreign country, and for the three following tax years unless he or she 
can demonstrate that he or she no longer has significant economic and social ties to Finland. Under current 
Finnish tax legislation, the Issuer (or a Finnish paying agent, as defined below) is required to ascertain that 
the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes and the recipient is obliged to disclose its non-
resident investor status to the payer. If it is required to do so under Finnish tax law, where a recipient fails to 
provide such information, the Issuer (or a Finnish paying agent) will be entitled, pursuant to Finnish tax 
legislation, to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Notes. 
When the Issuer effects payments through a paying agent or intermediary, which is a reporting financial 
institution under the Common Reporting Standard, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) or 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014, the intermediary should ensure whether the recipient 
of the payment is non-resident for Finnish tax purposes. 
B.  Resident Holders of Notes  
B1 
Corporates 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes may, in 
general, be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein. 
B2 
Individuals and Estates 
Interest and any similar payments (e.g. interest compensation FI: "jälkimarkkinahyvitys" and index 
compensation FI: "indeksihyvitys") made to individuals or estates resident in Finland are generally 
subject to tax withholding obligations. The Issuer or its representative is obliged to file an annual 
information return with the Finnish Tax Administration giving more detailed information on the interest 
income paid. Payments classified as capital gain for Finnish income tax purposes are not subject to tax 
withholding obligations.  
The tax withholding liability should primarily lie with a possible paying agent or other intermediary 
(such as a financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes if the paying agent or 
intermediary is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent 
establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary (Finnish paying agent).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (the FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore, be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly referred to as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 19 July 2023 (such programme 
agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement), 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied, and will comply, with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interests (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be within 
six months after that corporation or trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium  
This Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the Belgian FSMA). Accordingly, no action will be 
taken and the Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
The Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 12 October 2000. The increase of the Programme size from €1,000,000,000 to 
€1,500,000,000 was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 9 July 2018. 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 19 April 2023.   
A separate resolution will be required to authorise each issue of Notes under the Programme. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of: 
(a) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference the 
following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://elisa.com/corporate/investors/elisa-as-an-investment/emtn-and-credit-ratings/; and 
(b) 
the English translation of the Articles of Association of the Issuer will be available for inspection 
from https://elisa.com/corporate/governance/articles-of-association/.  
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) and will also be made available, 
in compliance with the relevant requirements of Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation, on the Issuer’s 
website (https://elisa.com/corporate/investors/elisa-as-an-investment/emtn-and-credit-ratings/). 
The content of any websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus, or in any document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1 210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Elisa Group, taken as a 
whole, since 30 June 2023, and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 31 December 2022.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus on page 15 under the risk factor titled “Elisa and its subsidiaries 
are involved in disputes and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of their business”, no member of Elisa 
Group is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants registered in the Finnish Patent 
and Registration Office, with Toni Aaltonen, Authorised Public Accountant, KHT serving as principal 
auditor. KPMG Oy Ab have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with 
applicable accounting standards in Finland for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 
and 2022. KPMG Oy Ab has no material interest in the Issuer.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Elisa Corporation 
Ratavartijankatu 5 
00520 HELSINKI 
P.O. Box 1, 00061 ELISA 
Finland 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
Bird & Bird Attorneys Ltd. 
Mannerheimintie 8 
FIN-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Dealers as to Finnish law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Roschier, Attorneys Ltd. 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Kasarmikatu 21 A 
One Bishops Square 
FIN-00130 Helsinki 
London E1 6AD 
Finland 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FIN-00100 Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K  
Denmark 
70173 Stuttgart  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FI-00020 Nordea 
FIN-00510 Helsinki 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Finland 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
106 40 Stockholm 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm  
Sweden  
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg