--- Page 1 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
04.06.2021

--- Page 2 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 44 
 
Important notice 
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by the 
Norwegian FSA on 04.06.2021. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may for 
a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a Final 
Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 44 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors ..................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ........................................................................................................ 12 
3. Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 13 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 14 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 15 
6. Business overview .......................................................................................................... 17 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies .......................................................... 21 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 28 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses ......................................................................................................................... 29 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 32 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus ................................... 33 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 43 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 44

--- Page 4 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 44 
 
1. Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among 
other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making an investment decision. 
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. The risk factors for the Company and the Group are 
deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company, but the Company may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connecting with bonds for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Company based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and depending on 
the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce anticipated 
revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.   
 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF ELKEM AND THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH ELKEM 
OPERATES 
The silicon-based advanced materials and chemical industries, including the production and sale of 
silicones, silicon-based materials, foundry products and carbon, has been in the past, and may be 
in the future, subject to economic downturns, market disruptions and fluctuations in market price 
and demand which could lead to volatility in the Group’s revenues 
Downturns in economic conditions, whether in the markets in which Elkem’s customers are active 
or end markets, can result in diminished demand for, and lower selling prices of, Elkem’s products, 
which could have a negative impact on Elkem’s revenues, operating profit and growth prospects. 
Elkem sells its products globally to customers who are located in multiple geographic markets, 
including Europe, Asia and the Americas.  
 
Elkem’s customers operate in a wide range of industries, including the automotive industry, the 
construction industry, the renewable energy industry, the oil and gas industry, the electronics 
industry, consumer goods industries and the solar power and chemicals industries. Economic 
downturns, market disruptions, reduction in demand or otherwise uncertain economic outlooks in 
one or more of these markets or industries have affected Elkem in the past and could continue to 
do so in the future. 
 
The outbreak of Covid-19 has had and may in the future have significant negative effects on the 
Group 
The outbreak of COVID-19, which was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organisation 
in March 2020, and the extraordinary measures imposed globally in response to the coronavirus 
pandemic have significantly disrupted the economic condition of the global markets in a number 
of ways and severely impacted companies and economic activity globally. The Group has been 
adversely impacted by the Coronavirus Pandemic. These developments have had, and may 
continue to have, adverse effects on the Group's operations, production, logistics and market 
developments. The impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic in the third and fourth quarter of 2021 
and possibly in the longer term is highly uncertain and unpredictable.

--- Page 5 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 44 
 
 
It is not possible to predict all the consequences that the coronavirus pandemic may have for the 
Group, its business partners and the markets in which the Group operates, but the negative effects 
of the COVID-19 situation may be long-term. Potential investors should note that the COVID-19 
situation is continuously changing and that, due to these uncertain developments of the 
coronavirus pandemic, governments may pass new laws and regulations, to mitigate negative 
impacts and consequences of COVID-19 regionally and globally, that affect the Group's operations. 
Continued reduction in global trade may reduce the demand for the Group's products. 
 
Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of raw materials or transportation could 
materially and adversely impact Elkem’s business and results of operations 
The Group has long term supply contracts for most key raw materials and also buys some of them 
on the spot market. The Group is dependent on certain suppliers of these products in certain of the 
markets in which it  operates. In particular, the Group relies on a few selected sources for the 
specialised coal and methyl chloride that it requires, and relies on certain rare earth minerals which 
are only available in China and which have in the past been the subject of export restrictions. 
 
To the extent there is a disruption in the supply of any of these raw materials from the Group’s 
suppliers, or if the raw materials are not of the required quality, or are not delivered on a timely 
basis, the Group may not be able to obtain adequate supplies of these raw materials from alternative 
sources on terms as favourable as its current arrangements or at all.  
 
Furthermore, if there is an increase in the costs of these raw materials as a result of disruptions in 
production, trade restrictions or any other reason, this will result in increased costs for Elkem. 
Elkem’s customer contracts and the competitive environment of the markets in which Elkem 
operates do not generally permit increases in operating expenses to be passed on to customers. 
 
The business of the Group is particularly sensitive to increases in electricity costs which could 
materially and  adversely increase operating costs 
Electricity is one of the Group’s largest operating costs. Accordingly, consistent access to low cost 
and reliable sources of electricity is essential to the Group’s business. Because electricity constitutes 
such a significant percentage of costs, the Group is particularly vulnerable to fluctuations in 
electricity costs. 
 
Termination or non-renewal of any of the Group’s electricity contracts or an increase in the price of 
electricity generally could materially adversely affect the Group’s future earnings and may prevent 
Elkem from effectively competing in certain of its markets.  
 
Elkem is also exposed to changes in grid tariffs, both as a result of investments in power grids in 
Norway and other jurisdictions where it operates and potentially as a result of changes in the grid 
structure, either of which would likely cause the grid operator to raise tariffs in order to finance 
such investments or changes. Any such increases could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
Elkem’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The costs of complying with changing environmental, health and safety laws could negatively 
impact Elkem’s financial results 
Elkem uses large quantities of hazardous substances, generates hazardous wastes and emits 
wastewater and air pollutants in its production operations, most notably in its Silicones division. 
Consequently, its operations are subject     to extensive environmental, health and safety (‘‘EHS’’) 
laws, regulations, rules and ordinances at the supranational, national and local level in multiple 
jurisdictions across the European, African, Asia Pacific and North and South American regions. 
Elkem is also required to obtain permits from governmental authorities for certain operations.

--- Page 6 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 44 
 
 
Elkem may not have been and may not be at all times in complete compliance with EHS laws, 
regulations and permits, and Elkem has been held liable for environmental damage in the past. If 
Elkem violates or fails to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, Elkem could be subject 
to penalties, fines, restrictions on operations or other sanctions. Under these laws, regulations and 
permits, Elkem could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure 
to hazardous substances or environmental damage Elkem may cause or that relates to its operations 
or properties. 
 
Many EHS regulations have become more stringent over time and the trend is likely to continue, 
especially as regulators and government increasingly focus on human health and the safe use of 
chemicals and their products in commerce, as well as their potential impact on health and the 
environment are likely to manifest themselves in more stringent regulatory intervention. Permits 
necessary for Elkem's operations may not be issued or continue in effect, and any issued permits 
may contain more stringent limitations that restrict Elkem’s operations or that require further 
expenditures to meet additional requirements imposed by permits. In addition, compliance with 
more stringent EHS regulations will likely increase Elkem’s operating costs including costs related 
to the transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, as well as the costs of 
storage and disposal of waste.  
 
Changes in EHS regulations in jurisdictions where Elkem produces and sells its products could also 
lead to a decrease in demand for its products. Concerns about product safety and environmental 
protection could influence public perception of the Group’s products and operations, the viability of 
some or all of its products, its reputation, and the ability to attract and retain employees. Further 
to regulatory changes, health and safety concerns could increase the costs incurred by the Group’s 
customers to use its products and otherwise limit the use of the Group’s products, which could lead 
to decreased demand for these products. 
 
Costs of compliance with climate change laws and regulations and other specific emissions-related 
laws, could adversely affect Elkem’s operations and performance 
Some of the principal environmental risks associated with Elkem's operations are emissions into the 
air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. In particular, the production of 
silicon and ferrosilicon result in significant emissions of CO2. Other air emissions from Elkem’s 
primary production processes include SO2, NOx, PAH, MeCI and dust. Elkem's operations are 
subject to extensive national and international environmental laws and regulations, including those 
relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution 
prevention measures and greenhouse gas emissions. If Elkem violates or fails to comply with these 
laws and regulations, Elkem could be fined or otherwise sanctioned. Because environmental laws 
and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are 
continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to greenhouse gas emissions and 
climate change, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the 
future. Future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating 
permits, additional remedial actions, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures 
and operating costs, increased costs of the goods Elkem sells, and decreased demand for Elkem's 
products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. 
 
There are risks to Elkem’s global business relating to the countries in which Elkem operates that 
could materially and adversely impact its earnings or materially and adversely affect an investment 
in Elkem 
Elkem has 2 9  production facilities worldwide, including in Europe, North and South America, 
Africa and  Asia. In addition, Elkem sources and sells products to customers across a wide range of 
countries. As a result, Elkem’s operations are subject to a variety of country, regulatory and political

--- Page 7 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 44 
 
risks, particularly in connection with its operations in emerging markets, including Brazil, Paraguay, 
South Africa, Malaysia, India and China. These risks include potential political and economic 
uncertainty, application of foreign exchange controls, price controls, corruption, nationalisation, 
expropriation, regulatory changes, crime and the lack of enforcement thereof, political insurrection, 
governmental interference, currency fluctuations, restrictions and devaluations, punitive or 
unpredictable taxation, anti-dumping duties and trade barriers, export duties and quotas and other 
restrictive government actions, hostility from local populations, restrictions on the ability to 
repatriate dividends from subsidiaries, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, and 
changes in law and government policy. Particular risks in China may include periodic government 
measures to slow economic growth to a more manageable level and influence industrial production, 
bank credit and fixed investment, as well as government control over a substantial portion of 
productive assets, an assertive industrial policy, and the exercise of significant control over growth 
through the allocation of resources and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or 
companies. The financial risks of operating in emerging markets also include risks related to 
inflation, devaluation, price volatility, currency convertibility and country default. 
 
Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect Elkem’s results of operations and 
prospects by causing interruptions in its operations, by increasing the costs of operating in 
these countries or by limiting its ability to repatriate profits from these countries.  
 
International and geopolitical conflicts, and trade barriers, sanctions and export control may have 
a negative effect on the Group's operations.  
Because of the global nature of the Group's operations, it is vulnerable to trade barriers, political or 
legal instability in countries in which it operates, as well as to international and geopolitical conflicts, 
which may harm its business activities. Such conflicts, trade barriers, sanctions and export controls 
may interrupt the Groups business, product and supply chain, and entail reputational damage.  
 
In particular, as the Group has production facilities and operations in China, the ongoing trade war, 
and any escalations, between USA and China, may significantly impact the Group's business, both in 
terms of potential new sanctions imposed by USA or China, or in terms of potential new export or 
import control restrictions and reputational damage. 
 
The former US administration listed ChemChina as a Chinese Communist Military Company in 2020 
and imposed restrictions on trading in securities of such companies. Elkem is, through Bluestar, an 
indirect subsidiary of ChemChina and there can be no guarantee that these restrictions will not also 
apply, directly or indirectly, to Elkem in the future.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the US Treasury department has not listed Elkem as a Chinese 
Communist Military Company, and no restrictions have been imposed on Elkem as a result of 
ChemChina being listed on said list. However, should Elkem, as an indirect subsidiary of ChemChina, 
in the future be considered as a Chinese Communist Military Company, or be affected by new US 
legislation or other acts resulting from the ongoing trade war, or otherwise, there is a risk that 
Elkem's operations may be negatively affected due to interruptions in the Groups business, product 
and supply chain, and/or by reputational damage. 
 
Anti-dumping duties and laws for silicon and ferrosilicon imposed by the EU and the U.S. may expire 
or be further extended to the disadvantage of Elkem 
The EU has had anti-dumping duties on imported Chinese silicon since 1990. The level is currently 
at 16.8% for most of the Chinese production companies. The rates imposed by the European anti-
dumping scheme were extended by the European Commission in July 2016 for a period of five 
years. By the end of July 2021 it will become clear whether the EU producers of silicon ask the EU 
Commission to extend the anti-dumping duties on Chinese material for a new five year period. The

--- Page 8 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 44 
 
U.S. has had anti-dumping duties for silicon in place since 1998. The anti-dumping duties in the 
U.S. for Chinese silicon were last reviewed in 2019 and are currently 139.5%. Furthermore, in 2020, 
the U.S anti-dumping duty on Russian silicon was extended (61.6%-87.1%). From April 2021 anti-
dumping duties are collected on U.S silicon imports origination in Iceland (37.8%-47.5%) and in 
Bosna and Herzegovina (21.4%), and countervailing duties are collected on silicon from Kazakhstan 
(160%). Canada and Australia also have anti-dumping duties on silicon of Chinese origin.  
 
The EU has imposed anti-dumping duties on ferrosilicon from China, Russia and certain other 
countries with effect from 2008. These were last reviewed in July 2020 and the anti-dumping 
measures in force are 31.2% ad valorem for the majority of Chinese suppliers and 17.8-22.7% for 
the Russian suppliers of ferrosilicon to the EU market.  
 
As a result of Elkem’s global business model, the anti-dumping measures described above have had 
and likely will continue to have both positive and negative impacts on Elkem’s business. Although 
such measures have the effect of protecting domestic producers, including Elkem’s production 
companies in those markets, from lower-cost competition, as the case may be, such measures also 
impose costs on exports to those markets, if any. In addition, the expiration of anti-dumping duties 
could affect European silicon/ferrosilicon prices negatively, as the prices within the EU and the U.S 
are especially sensitive to expiration of EU or U.S. anti-dumping duties. Even if such duties are 
extended or increased, continuing the protection of Elkem’s operations in those markets, it is likely 
that Elkem’s exports to those markets could be disadvantaged. 
 
The Chinese market has significant excess production capacity for silicon and ferrosilicon  
In China, there is, and has been for more than a decade, idle production capacity for silicon and 
ferrosilicon. Such idle capacity is a result of several factors, including stricter environmental laws 
and regulations and government intervention designed to take excess production off the market. 
In addition, some Chinese production facilities are located in regions without a stable supply of 
electricity, as a result of which that production capacity can only be utilised periodically or at certain 
times of year (for example during the wet season for regions reliant on hydropower) and remains 
idle during the other periods.  
In addition, the siloxanes production capacity in China is expected to continue to grow in the coming 
years. An oversupply of siloxanes overcapacity in China may compensate for undersupply in other 
regions of the world, but depending on demand level, trade barriers and other restrictions, periods 
with oversupply of siloxanes may result in lower sales prices for commodity silicones, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Elkem’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
 
Any significant utilisation of such idle capacity, for example due to a change of government 
environmental policy or improved access to electricity in affected areas, would substantially increase 
the supply of silicon and ferrosilicon in the  market. 
 
The Group may be unable to remit funds out of or inject capital into China due to exchange controls  
The Group has significant operations in China and plans to further expand its capacity at the Xinghuo 
Silicones plant. The Chinese government has implemented exchange controls requiring filing 
procedures to move capital in and out of China. Accordingly, foreign companies trying to repatriate 
profits, pay dividends, repay loans and remit proceeds from assets, products or services sold in China 
may experience difficulties on their outbound transfers, which may be disruptive to those foreign 
companies' operations in China. The restrictions are not always clear, especially in relation to 
requirements and process time, and may vary based on the companies' locations in China. The Group 
may be affected by the aforementioned restrictions, in particular to the extent it desires to refinance 
certain indebtedness in China, and may therefore experience difficulty and uncertainty in relation to 
its Chinese operations.

--- Page 9 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 44 
 
Elkem receives each year substantial amounts under the EU’s CO2 quotas compensation scheme 
which may be phased out 
Carbon dioxide is one of the main emissions resulting from Elkem's production operations. Elkem's 
European operations are therefore subject to the EU's CO2 Emissions Trading Scheme (the “CO2 
Trading Scheme”), which was established as part of the EU's attempts to control greenhouse gas 
emissions and global warming. Under the scheme, industrial emitters of CO2 are obliged to 
surrender allowances to the authorities corresponding to their emissions on an annual basis. 
Depending on their industry, most companies are awarded a significant portion of their allowances 
for free to avoid placing them at an undue competitive disadvantage as compared to producers 
outside of Europe. 
 
Elkem, which came under the ambit of the CO2 Trading Scheme in 2013, has been awarded free 
allowances on an annual basis for its emissions, and purchased allowances in the market to cover 
the remainder of its emissions in each year. The amount of free allowances as government grants 
is expected   to decrease gradually until the current phase of the CO2 Trading Scheme ends. In the 
future, Elkem may not receive such allowances, or receive lower allowances than previous years, 
which may result in increased costs pertaining to CO2 allowances, and have a material negative cost 
impact on Elkem. 
 
Losses caused by disruptions to the supply of power could have a negative impact on Elkem’s 
operations and profitability 
Large amounts of electricity are used to produce silicon materials and foundry alloys and the Group’s 
operations are heavily dependent upon a reliable supply of electrical power. Losses may occur due 
to a temporary or prolonged interruption in the supply of electrical power to the Group’s facilities, 
which can be caused by unusually high demand, limited supply blackouts, equipment failure, natural 
disasters or other catastrophic events or lack of rainfall.  
 
Elkem may have difficulty accessing credit in sufficient time, on acceptable terms, or at all, and is 
vulnerable to interest rate increases 
The industries in which Elkem operates are cyclical and highly capital intensive and Elkem is 
exposed to risks related to the availability and cost of funding for future growth within its business 
segments. The Group is dependent on timely access to sufficient funding on acceptable terms, which 
may be difficult to achieve if the Group faces an economic downturn in its main markets. Any 
difficulty the Group may encounter in securing adequate sources of short and long-term funding 
could hamper the Group’s future merger and acquisition opportunities and/or its ability to  invest 
in its manufacturing capacity or in new markets, thus restraining the Group’s growth opportunities. 
Difficulty in accessing funding may also result in financial distress and creditors imposing restrictions 
on the business. 
 
In addition, deterioration in Elkem's credit profile or a rise in market interest rates could increase 
the costs of borrowing money and limit Elkem's access to the capital markets and commercial 
credit.  
 
Elkem relies upon intellectual property, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to protect 
important proprietary rights and, if these rights are not sufficiently protected, its ability to compete 
and generate revenue could suffer 
Elkem’s ability to compete effectively in certain markets depends in part on its ability to obtain, 
maintain, and protect its trade secrets, proprietary information and other intellectual property 
rights. Elkem relies particularly on proprietary technologies and technical capabilities in order to 
compete effectively and produce high quality silicon, silicones, foundry alloys and carbon products. 
Elkem is subject to the risk that proprietary technologies may be challenged and Elkem may not be 
able to protect its rights to these technologies.

--- Page 10 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 44 
 
The global silicones market is largely patent driven and a significant portion of the Silicones 
division’s sales are based on patented products. Elkem, and in particular the Silicones division, is 
dependent on its patent portfolio in order to sustain a competitive advantage for its products and 
processes. The other divisions of Elkem generally rely on  a combination of patent, trademark, 
copyright, domain name registration and trade secret laws, as well as contractual restrictions and 
physical measures to protect Elkem’s trade secrets, proprietary information and other intellectual 
property rights.  
 
The fact that Elkem has intellectual property rights does not guarantee success in any attempts by 
it to enforce these rights against third parties, and any such attempts may result in a substantial 
diversion of resources. 
 
Elkem could be materially adversely affected by legal proceedings or investigations 
Elkem could be included in criminal or civil proceedings related to, among others, product liability, 
environment, health and safety, anti-competitive, anti-corruption, trade sanctions, infringements of 
intellectual property rights or other similar laws or regulations or other forms of commercial disputes 
which could have a material adverse effect on Elkem. Violation of applicable laws and regulations 
could result in substantial fines or penalties, costs of corrective work and, in rare instances, the 
suspension or shutdown of Elkem’s operations. Silicones are used in industries which are exposed 
to litigation, including the automotive industry (as they are used in the manufacture of airbags) and 
health care. Use of silicones in such industries and sectors may also entail product recalls and legal 
proceedings, investigations and claims for damages in connection with such product recalls. 
Proceedings, liabilities, product recalls. 
 
Changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the 
jurisdictions in which Elkem operates or adverse outcomes from audits by taxation authorities could 
result in an unfavourable change in its effective tax rate 
Elkem operates its business in numerous tax jurisdictions and its effective tax rate is derived from a 
combination of the applicable tax rates in the various locations in which it operates. Elkem’s effective 
tax rate may be lower or higher than its effective tax rates has been in the past due to numerous 
factors, including the sources of its income and the tax filing positions it takes. Changes in rules 
related to accounting for income taxes or changes in tax laws in any of the jurisdictions in which 
Elkem operates could result in an unfavourable change in its effective tax rate. 
 
The terms of the Company’s financing arrangements may limit its commercial and financial flexibility 
Elkem will be subject to affirmative and negative covenants contained in the Group's loan 
agreements, including financial covenants. There can be no assurances that Elkem will be able to 
meet such covenants. A breach of the financial covenants, or certain other provisions or restrictions, 
may cause an event of default under the loan agreements, which may result in the relevant creditors 
cancelling any commitments and/or elect to declare all amounts owed to them, including accrued 
interest, immediately due and payable. 
 
Additionally, the  loan agreements contain a mandatory prepayment clause upon a change of control 
relating to the ownership interest of Bluestar. If Bluestar were to cease to have the power to cast 
more than 50% of the maximum number of votes cast at a general meeting or beneficially own 
more than 50% of the issued share capital of the Company, the facility could be cancelled and all 
outstanding amounts owed to creditors, including accrued interest, could become immediately due 
and payable. 
 
If the Group’s creditors were to accelerate payments of outstanding amounts due under the loan 
agreement, the Group can provide no assurances that its assets would be sufficient to repay in full 
those amounts due and payable.

--- Page 11 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 44 
 
Elkem may seek to enter into future financing arrangements to refinance existing debt or finance 
new initiatives. There is no assurance that Elkem will be able to secure such financing on terms that 
are as favourable as those under the existing loan agreements, or that it will be able to secure such 
financing at all. 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
Interest rate risk on floating rate bonds 
The risk is due to the variability of the applicable Reference rate. The coupon payments, which depend 
on the Reference rate and the Margin, will vary in accordance with the variability of the Reference 
rate. The primary price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the 
correct trading level for the credit spread related to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, 
compared with the credit margin the bond issue is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread 
trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may relate to general changes in the market 
conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances. However, under normal market circumstances the 
anticipated tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In 
general, the price of bonds will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely 
the bond price will increase when the market spread decreases. 
Interest rate risk on fixed rate bonds 
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of a Bondholder’s investment. If the 
Bonds have been established at a fixed interest rate the coupon does not vary with changes in 
interest rate levels. However, investment in bonds bearing interest at a fixed rate may adversely 
affect the value of the Bonds following subsequent changes in underlying market interest rates.  
Market risk 
There is a risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in market conditions. The 
price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in 
general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond 
issue in the market. In spite of an underlying positive development in the Issuer’s business activities, 
the price of a bond may fall independent of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a 
floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds with a 
longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. 
Security 
The Issuer may issue both secured and unsecured Bonds. The level of any security will be described 
in the applicable Final Terms. In general, unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds.

--- Page 12 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 44 
 
2. Persons responsible  
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Elkem ASA,  
Drammensveien 169,  
0277 Oslo,  
Norway. 
 
 
DECLARATION BY PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
Elkem ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
 
 
04.06.2021 
 
 
Elkem ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Base Prospectus, drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 13 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 44 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 04.06.2021. 
 
Bluestar  
 
 
- 
Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd S.A a subsidiary of  
 
 
 
 
ChemChina. 
 
CDP 
 
 
 
- 
Carbon Disclosure Project 
 
ChemChina 
 
 
- 
China National Chemical Corporation. 
 
Company / Issuer  
 
-  
Elkem ASA with reg.nr 911 382 008.  
 
CO2 
 
 
 
- 
Carbon dioxide 
 
EU 
 
 
 
- 
European Union. 
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds. 
 
The Group / Elkem 
 
-  
The Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
 
MeCI 
 
 
 
- 
Minimum energy conical intersection. 
 
NOK 
 
 
 
- 
Norwegian Kroner 
 
NOx 
 
 
 
- 
Nitrogen oxide. 
 
PAH 
 
 
 
- 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms. 
 
R&D 
 
 
 
- 
Research and Development 
 
SO2 
 
 
 
- 
Sulfur dioxide. 
 
VPS 
 
 
 
-  
Verdipapirsentralen ASA; Norwegian public limited company  
 
 
 
 
 
authorized to register rights to financial instruments  
 
 
 
 
 
pursuant to the Securities Register Act.

--- Page 14 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 44 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been KPMG AS.  
KPMG AS contact information: Sørkedalsveien 6, 0369 Oslo, Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 7000 
Majorstuen, 0306 Oslo, Norway.  
KPMG AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (No: Den norske 
Revisorforening).

--- Page 15 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 44 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled in Norway and existing under 
the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is 
Elkem ASA and the commercial name is Elkem. The Company was incorporated in Norway on 2nd 
January 1904 and registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry on the 12th March 1995 with 
registration number 911 382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. The head office and 
registered office of Elkem ASA is Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway. The mailing address of 
the Company is P. O. Box 334 Skøyen, 0213 Oslo, Norway and the telephone number is +47 22 45 
01 00.   
Website is www.elkem.com1 
Elkem was founded in 1904 and is a global provider of advanced material solutions, with more than 
6,800 employees and 29 production sites worldwide. Elkem is an environmental responsible 
manufacture of metals and materials company. The main activities are related to production and sale 
of silicon materials, silicones, ferrosilicon, speciality alloys for the foundry industry, carbon products 
and microsilica. Elkem’s Silicones division produces and sells a range of silicone-based products 
across various sub-sectors including release coatings, engineering elastomers, healthcare products, 
specialty fluids, emulsions and resins. The Silicon Products division produces various grades of 
metallurgical silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys and microsilica for use in a wide range of end 
applications. The Carbon Solutions division produces carbon electrode materials, lining materials and 
specialty carbon products for metallurgical processes for the production of a range of metals.  
Elkem serves several global industries, such as construction, transport, engineering, packaging, 
aluminium, chemicals, release coatings, healthcare products and electronic markets, and has 
organised its business to handle market presence and customer focus. Elkem has multiple production 
facilities located in Europe, North America, South America, Africa and Asia, and an extensive network 
of sales offices and agents covering most important markets.  
In 2020 Elkem secured the gold rating for the second time from Ecovadis, a business sustainability 
rating, putting the Company at the top 5% of the more than 65,000 rated companies. In 2020 Elkem 
achieved its first A rating from CDP, which recognised the Company’s efforts on transparency and 
action on climate change mitigation. 
Elkem ASA is the parent company of the Elkem Group.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 16 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 44 
 
Organisational structure: 
 
 
*= State owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission 
 
For an overview of Elkem ASA’s subsidiaries and joint operations please see note 4 in the 2020 
annual report consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 17 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 44 
 
6. Business overview  
 
Elkem is a fully integrated producer with operations throughout the silicon value chain from quartz 
to silicon and downstream silicone specialities as well as speciality ferrosilicon alloys and carbon 
materials. Elkem has organised its operations into three business divisions: Silicones, a fully 
integrated silicones producer; Silicon Products, a provider of silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys, 
microsilica and related specialty products; and Carbon Solutions, a supplier of electrode paste and 
speciality products to the ferroalloys, silicon and aluminium industries.  
 
The map below sets out Elkem’s presence worldwide: 
 
 
SILICONES 
The Silicones division (or Silicones) is a fully integrated silicone company. Elkem Silicones has more 
than 3,800 employees. The division has R&D laboratories in Europe and Asia, sales offices worldwide 
and plants in China, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, USA, Brazil, India, and South Korea. The Silicones 
division is Elkem’s largest business area and represents 51% of total operating income from external 
customers.2 
Silicones can be manufactured into many forms including solids, liquids, semi-viscous pastes, 
greases, oils and rubber. They are ﬂexible and can resist moisture, chemicals, heat, cold and 
ultraviolet radiation. Due to its wide range of application areas, silicones are used in a large number 
of products and industries, including manufactured goods, construction materials, electronics and 
consumer items. 
The market for Silicones’ products is large and growing. Demand is driven by a number of 
megatrends, such as digitalisation and energy demand growth. Elkem’s Silicones division serves very 
diverse markets, from energy to cosmetics, via electronics, aerospace, automotive manufacturing, 
construction, healthcare, mold-making, paper and textile coating, personal care and more. Elkem 
 
2 Please see chapter 9 of this Base Prospectus for information regarding the Company’s strategic expansion in China

--- Page 18 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 44 
 
has a comprehensive range of silicone products, which includes release coatings, engineering 
elastomers, specialty ﬂu-ids, emulsions, and resins. 
 
 
 
 
For more detailed information regarding the Silicones division, please see: 
 
https://www.elkem.com/silicones/ 3 
 
SILICON PRODUCTS 
The Silicon Products division a supplier of silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys, microsilica, and other 
specialty products. The Silicon Products division represents approximately 42% of total operating 
income from external customers. Silicon Products has approximately 2,300 employees and plants in 
Norway, Iceland, Canada, England, India, Paraguay and China, and quartz mines in Norway and 
Spain.  
Silicon has a number of favourable chemical and physical properties, including semi-conductivity, 
making it highly versatile for numerous industrial and electronic applications. As such, it has a wide 
array of applications predominantly as an alloying material for aluminium and in the production of 
silicones and polysilicon. Ferrosilicon and foundry alloys are used in the steel industry and iron 
foundry industry respectively. The Silicon Products division serves customers in a number of end 
markets, such as chemicals, aluminium, electronics, automotive, speciality steel segments, solar, 
construction, refractories, and oil/gas. China has been the largest growth market for silicon over the 
last years and is expected to remain an important growth engine for global demand. 
 
 
For more detailed information regarding the Silicone Products division, please see: 
 
https://www.elkem.com/silicon-products/ 3 
 
 
 
 
3   Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus 
END MARKETS
PLANTS
- Paper & ﬁlm release
China
- Xinghuo, Shanghai, Zhongshan
- Automotive
France
- Roussillon, Saint-Fons
- Silicone rubber
Germany
- Lübeck 
- Chemical formulators
Italy
- Caronno 
- Personal care
Spain
- Santa Perpetua 
- Textile
USA
- York
- Healthcare
Brazil
- Joinville 
- Construction
India
- Pune
Korea
- Gunsan
END MARKETS
PLANTS
QUARTS MINES
- Silicones
Norway
- Salten, Thamshavn, 
Norway -
Tana and Mårnes
- Wind mills
Bremanger, Bjølvefossen,
Spain
-
La Corruna
- Automotive
Rana
- Construction/
Iceland
- Grundartangi
engineering
Canada
- Chicoutimi 
- Electronics
China
- Yongdeng, Shizuishan
- Speciality steel
India
- Nagpur 
- Refractories
Paraguay
- Limpio
- Oil & gas

--- Page 19 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 44 
 
CARBON SOLUTIONS 
The Carbon Solutions division (or Carbon) is a supplier of electrode paste and specialty products to 
the ferroalloys, silicon, and aluminium industries. The division has approximately 390 employees and 
plants in Norway, South Africa, Brazil, Malaysia, and China. The Carbon Solutions division accounts 
for around 7% of Elkem’s operating income from external customers. The steel and aluminium 
industries account for a signiﬁcant portion of non-energy carbon end-user applications and as a 
result, drive the demand dynamics in the industry. 
 
 
For more detailed information regarding the Carbon Solutions division, please see: 
 
https://www.elkem.com/carbon/ 4 
 
 
NEW BUSINESS INITIATIVES 
In 2020 Elkem ASA established Battery Materials, Biocarbon and Digital Office as new special focus 
areas.  
 
Battery materials 
Battery materials is a unique growth opportunity based on graphite and silicon. The demand for 
batteries and battery materials is expected to increase substantially over the coming years as a result 
of rapid growth in electrification of transport and increasing needs for energy storage in a sustainable 
future. 
Elkem is currently constructing a pilot plant for synthetic graphite, the leading anode material in 
lithium-ion batteries in Kristiansand, Norway. The pilot, which represents an investment of 
approximately NOK 65 million, aims to conclude process route and qualify products and is expected 
to open in 2021. 
Based on conclusions from the pilot, Elkem will evaluate the basis for competitive production with 
the Northern Recharge project; the Group’s potential large-scale industrial plant at Herøya Industrial 
Park, Norway. Site selection took place in 2020 and an investment decision related to this project is 
expected in 2021. 
Below you will find an illustration showing where Elkem enters the battery value chain: 
 
4 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus 
END MARKETS
PLANTS
- Ferroalloys
Norway
- Kristiansand
- Silicon
Brazil
- Serra (Carboindustrial and Carboderivados)
- Aluminium
South Africa - Emalahleni
- Iron foundries
China
- Shizuishan 
Malaysia
- Bintulu

--- Page 20 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 44 
 
 
 
Digital office 
Digital office is a unit responsible for stepping up Elkem’s activity within digitalization by establishing 
a new global team with responsibility for digital transformation. Digital Office aims to support the 
realisation of Elkem’s business strategy by developing a unified digital strategy across the Group, 
creating a shift in pace of delivering digital solutions, developing capabilities and mindsets and 
creating measurable and scalable impact in each division. 
 
Biocarbon 
Biocarbon represents an important initiative on Elkem’s road to carbon-neutral metal production.  
The production of silicon and ferrosilicon require use of carbon materials. Carbon is used as a reducing 
agent in the smelting process to remove oxygen from the quartz, resulting in CO2 emissions. The 
use of CO₂ neutral charcoal instead of fossil coal as a reduction agent in the production of silicon and 
ferrosilicon is a key part of the Group’s sustainable production strategy. Elkem has developed new 
breakthrough technology for production of sustainable biocarbon. The technology combines 
utilisation of low cost raw materials with high yield conversion processes. 
In 2020, Elkem decided to invest NOK 180 million in a new biocarbon pilot plant near the Chicoutimi 
production site in Canada. Based on conclusions from the pilot, the Group will evaluate the basis for 
a large-scale plant.

--- Page 21 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 44 
 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Name 
Position 
Businesss adress 
Zhigang Hao 
Chairman 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Dag Jakob Opedal 
Deputy chair 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Helge Aasen 
Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Olivier Tillette de Clermont-
Tonnerre  
Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Yougen Ge 
Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Anja-Isabel Dotzenrath 
Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Grace Tang 
Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen Board Member 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Marianne Færøyvik 
Board Member      
(employee representative) 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Terje Andre Hanssen 
Board Member      
(employee representative) 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Knut Sande 
Board Member      
(employee representative) 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
 
Chairperson - Zhigang Hao  
Mr. Zhigang Hao currently holds the position as Party Secretary and Chairman of China National 
Bluestar. He has been working in China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd. since 2008, in which he 
held several positions such as Engineer in the Planning and Development Department, as well as 
Executive Assistant to the Chief Operating Officer at Shanxi Synthetic Rubber Group Co. Ltd. 
(subsidiary of China National Bluestar). After that, he worked as Associate Deputy Director of the 
Administration Office at China National Chemical Corporation (parent company of China National 
Bluestar). Before he was appointed as Party Secretary and Chairman of China National Bluestar in 
September 2017, he has accumulated rich experience in running large multinational corporations by 
working as Director of Administration Office, Board Secretary, Director of Administration Office and 
Deputy Party Secretary at China National Bluestar. Mr. Zhigang Hao has a PhD in Chemical 
Engineering from the Institute of Process Engineering, Chinese Academy of Science, and an MBA 
from The Open University of Hong Kong. Mr. Zhigang Hao has been a board member since 2017 and 
chair of the board since 2019. 
Other directorships: Current Chairman of Bluestar Adisseo Co., Ltd. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
Deputy chair – Dag Jakob Opedal 
 
Mr. Dag Jakob Opedal has extensive managerial experience from previous positions in several 
Norwegian public and private companies. He is the former Chief Executive Officer of Orkla ASA, 
Executive Vice President at Norgesgruppen ASA, president of Ferd Capital and managing director for 
Stabburet AS. He has also been a board member of Carlsberg, Jotun, REC, Sapa/Alcoa (JV) and 
Telenor ASA. In addition, he was the chairman of Elkem AS from 2006 to 2009. He has a degree in 
economics from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), in addition to an MBA from INSEAD 
business school in France. Mr. Dag Jakob Opedal has been a board member since 2018 and is elected 
for a period of two years, with effect from 8 May 2020. 
Other directorships: Current board member at Bertel O. Steen Holding, Bertel O. Steen Kapital, Odin 
Forvaltning, Kavli Holding, Kavlifondet, Isola, Lundhs, Bygimpuls and Nammo. 
Number of Elkem shares: 40.000

--- Page 22 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 44 
 
Board member – Helge Aasen 
 
Mr. Helge Aasen has worked both at plants and in corporate functions internationally and in Norway. 
He has held the posts as Senior Vice President in Elkem Carbon AS (2000-2007), after which he was 
appointed Chief Executive Officer of Elkem Solar AS. Over his 25 years at Elkem, he has acquired a 
broad industrial experience of most of the company’s different functions, from sales through 
operations to logistics and purchasing. Mr. Helge Aasen was the Chief Executive Officer of Elkem ASA 
from 2009 to 2019. He holds a MSc in Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology (NTNU), and has participated in the executive leadership development programme at 
IMD in Switzerland. Mr. Helge Aasen is appointed as a board member for a period of two years, with 
effect from 1 December 2019. 
Other directorships: Chairperson Norwegian Industry Association (Norsk Industri) and board member 
at China National Bluestar Group and Borregaard. 
Number of Elkem shares: 46.206 
 
Board member - Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre 
 
Mr. Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre has since January 2011 held the position as Chief Strategic 
and Corporate Development Officer at National China Bluestar Corp., in addition to Executive 
Strategic Adviser at Elkem Silicones Service France. Mr. Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre has 
extensive professional experience from the Rhône-Poulenc group and Rhodia group in which he held 
several executive positions for worldwide strategic business units such as Surfactants, Food Additives 
and then Silicones - Silica - Rare Earth based in France and in the USA. He was a member of Rhodia 
executive committee, Chief Executive Officer of Rhodia Silicones-Silica-Rare Earth Enterprise and 
also supervising the Rhodia group sales & marketing excellence program, before he joined the 
Bluestar group in 2007 after Bluestar’s acquisition of the Rhodia Silicones business. Mr. Olivier Tillette 
de Clermont-Tonnerre was then appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bluestar Silicones until 2010. 
He holds several degrees from French universities, including a degree in chemical engineering from 
Toulouse Institut Polytechniques, a Master in Economics from Paris- Nanterre University and an MBA 
from INSEAD. Mr. Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre has been a board member since 2011 and is 
elected for a period of two years, with effect from 8 May 2020.  
Other directorships: He is currently a member of the board of directors of China National Bluestar 
Corp., Bluestar Elkem International Luxembourg, REC Solar, Nouvel Institut Franco-Chinois de Lyon 
and Société des Cincinnati de France. 
Number of Elkem shares: 15.517 
 
Board member – Yougen Ge  
Mr. Yougen Ge is currently serving as Associate Vice President and Director of the Planning 
Department of China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd. He has extensive professional experience 
from many subsidiaries of China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd., in which he has held various 
positions, including Deputy Director and Engineer in Xinghuo Chemical Plant, General Manager of 
Bluestar (Tianjin) Chemical Co., Ltd., Deputy Director of Silicones Division, China National Bluestar 
(Group) Co., Ltd,, General Manager and Member of the CPC Committee of Zhonglan Petrochemical. 
Mr. Yougen Ge obtained a bachelor degree in chemistry from Lanzhou University and an MBA from 
The Open University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yougen Ge has been a board member since 2019 is elected 
for a period of one year, with effect from 8 May 2020. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0

--- Page 23 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 44 
 
Board member - Anja-Isabel Dotzenrath 
 
Ms. Anja Isabel Dotzenrath has more than 25 years of industrial and top management consulting 
experience in the energy and chemical industry, with extensive expertise in strategy development, 
transformation, post-merger integration and finance. She has worked across a range of geographies, 
including Central and Eastern Europe, the U.S. and Asia. She has been the Chief Executive Officer of 
RWE Renewables since October 2019 responsible for RWE’s industrial-scale renewable energy 
activities. Prior to this, she served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of E.ON 
Climate & Renewables and as a member of the board of E.ON’s integrated conventional generation 
and renewables business. Ms. Anja-Isabel Dotzenrath has a degree in Electrical Engineering and 
Business Administration, both from RWTH Aachen University. She has been a board member since 
2018 and is elected for a period of two years, with effect from 30 April 2019. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
Board member - Grace Tang  
 
Ms. Grace Tang is a certified US public accountant as well as a fellow of Hong Kong Institute of 
certified accountants. Grace Tang began her career with PwC in Silicon Valley and was seconded to 
PwC Hong Kong in 1994. She has held several international leadership positions in PwC until her 
retirement in June 2020. She has been based in Beijing since 1998. Grace Tang is a US citizen and 
divides her time between Beijing and the US. Ms Tang is appointed as a board member for a period 
of two years, with effect from 27 April 2021. 
Other directorships:  Ms Tang serves on the audit committee of a company listed on NYSE and as a 
director of the Sunshine Leukemia foundation as well as being a patron to the Asia Liver Center with 
Stanford University. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
Board member - Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen 
 
Ms. Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen has extensive board experience from the last 20 years from positions 
in several Norwegian and international companies, listed and non-listed within the areas of 
technology, shipping, finance, aquaculture and oil and gas - among them Petroleum Geo Services 
ASA, Fjord Seafood ASA, Pharmaq AS, Odin Fund Management AS, Copeinca ASA, Morpol ASA. In 
addition, she has been the chairperson of Norwegian Refugee Council, an organization with broad, 
global operations. She has her managerial experience both from the public and private sector; as 
former member of the executive management at Ullevaal University hospital and as former Vice 
president in Elkem ASA. Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen today works as a professional 
member/chairperson, investor and lawyer in Norway and abroad. She is the founder and managing 
partner of Cascata AS, a management consulting and investment company. She has a degree in Law 
from the University of Oslo, in addition to an MBA from Solvey Business School in Brussels. She has 
been a board member since 2019 and is elected for a period of two years, with effect from 30 April 
2019. 
Other directorships: She currently holds the position as chairperson of the Norwegian Seafood Council 
and board member and Chair of the Audit Committee in Norway Royal Salmon ASA in, addition to 
serving on the board of several other companies. 
Number of Elkem shares: 15.000

--- Page 24 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 44 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Marianne Færøyvik  
Ms. Marianne Færøyvik has been with Elkem since 1995. She has worked with engineering, technical 
development, project procurement, production improvement and manufacturing analysis in Elkem 
and is currently a senior chemical engineer. Ms. Marianne Færøyvik is educated at the Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and has a Ph.D. in Inorganic Chemistry, also from 
NTNU. She has been an employee representative director of the board since 2016, and has a term 
of office until 2021. Prior to this, she was a deputy board member at the Elkem board of directors. 
Number of Elkem shares: 4.950 
 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Terje Andre Hanssen 
 
For the last ten years, Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen has also been the union leader of Fiskaa Verks 
Arbeiderforening (FVA, Fiskaa Plant Workers Union). Before Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen started working 
for Elkem, he worked at Hydro Aluminum Karmøy. Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen has been an employee 
of Elkem since 1998 and has served as an observer in the Elkem board since 2010.  He is elected 
until the general meeting in 2021. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Knut Sande  
Mr. Knut Sande has been an employee representative at Elkem Bremanger since 2009 and an 
observer in the board of Elkem ASA since 2018, where he has served as a board member since 2020. 
He is also the leader of labor unions LO in Florø and Svelgen Kjemiske Arbeiderforening. Mr. Sande 
has been an employee in Elkem since 1979. He is elected until the general meeting in 2021. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
CORPORATE MANAGEMENT: 
Name 
Position 
Businesss adress 
Michael Koenig 
Chief Executive Officer 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Morten Viga 
Chief Financial Officer 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Katja Lehland 
SVP Human Resources 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Asbjørn Søvik 
SVP Business development 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Håvard Moe 
SVP Elkem Technology 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Louis Vovelle 
SVP Innovation and R&D 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Frédéric Jacquin 
SVP Silicones 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Inge Grubben-Strømnes 
SVP Silicon Products 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
Luiz Simao 
SVP Carbon Solutions 
Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway 
 
Chief Executive Officer - Michael Koenig 
 
Mr. Michael Koenig (b.1963) was the chairperson in Elkem from September 2016 through November 
2019 and held the position as Chief Executive Officer of China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd. for 
almost three years. He has extensive professional experience from the Bayer group in which he has 
held various positions, including Chief Executive Officer of Bayer Group Greater China and Head of 
Polycarbonates Business Unit of Bayer Material Science. He has also served as a member of the board 
of directors of Bayer AG from 2013 until 2015 and as the chairperson of the board of directors of 
Currenta from 2013 until 2015. Hence, Mr. Michael Koenig has accumulated rich experience in 
running large multinational corporations. Mr. Michael Koenig holds a degree in chemical engineering 
from the Chemical Engineering Department of the TU Dortmund University in Germany.  He has been 
the Chief Executive Officer of Elkem since 1. December 2019. 
Directorships: Mr. Michael Koenig serves as a member of the board of directors of Symrise.

--- Page 25 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 44 
 
Number of Elkem shares: 91.265 
 
Chief Financial Officer - Morten Viga 
 
Mr. Morten Viga (b.1964) has been the Chief Financial Officer of Elkem since 2006 and has worked 
in Elkem since 2001. He held the post as Financial Director for the Silicon Materials division before 
he was appointed CFO for Elkem. In the course of his 19 years at Elkem, he has acquired a broad 
experience from corporate level and from divisional and plant level. Mr. Morten Viga holds a MSc in 
Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
Number of Elkem shares: 46.896 
 
Senior Vice President Human Resources - Katja Lehland  
Ms. Katja Lehland (b.1968) has been the Chief Human Resources Officer at Elkem since 2011. She 
has worked in Elkem since 2006. Prior to her position in Elkem, Ms. Katja Lehland held several 
international HR Director-positions in Nokia, United Biscuits and Schindler where she served on the 
companies’ management teams and has also held several board positions. She has over her career 
acquired an extensive international business experience. Ms. Katja Lehland holds a BSc in Economics 
and Marketing and has completed high-level executive management development programmes. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
Senior Vice President Business development – Asbjørn Søvik 
 
Mr. Asbjørn Søvik (b.1963) has been the Senior Vice President of Business development since 2018. 
He has worked in Elkem since 1995 and was previously responsible for business development in 
Elkem corporate, and was the SVP Carbon of Elkem from 2007 to 2018. He has an extensive 
international management experience from plants and divisions in the United States, Brazil and 
Norway. He has a broad experience from most of Elkem’s different functions, such as Raw Materials, 
Marketing & Sales, Energy, Operations and M&A. Mr. Asbjørn Søvik holds a MSc (Siving.) in 
Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and an MBA from IESE 
in Spain. 
Number of Elkem shares: 10.000 
 
Senior Vice President Elkem Technology – Håvard Moe 
 
Mr. Håvard Moe has been the Senior Vice President of Elkem Technology since 2008. He has worked 
with R&D, engineering, corporate procurement and industrial projects in Elkem. Prior to his position 
in Elkem, he held various management positions in ABB and Statoil. Mr. Håvard Moe has a broad 
international experience from technology development, digitalisation and execution of complex 
industrial projects. Since 2008, he has been in involved in all large greenfield and brownfield projects 
in Elkem, mainly in China, Norway, Canada, USA, France and Paraguay. Mr. Håvard Moe holds an 
MSc in Mechanical Engineering and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the Norwegian University of 
Science and Technology (NTNU), and he has participated in the transition to general management 
programme at INSEAD in France. 
Directorships: Future Materials AS 
Number of Elkem shares: 17.241 
 
Senior Vice President Innovation and R&D – Louis Vovelle 
 
Dr. Louis Vovelle has been the Senior Vice President of Innovation and R&D at Elkem since 2015. He 
has worked both in corporate and divisional functions internationally. He has held the post as R&D

--- Page 26 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 44 
 
Director for Elkem Silicones International (2007-2010), after which he was appointed Vice President 
for Innovation and Strategy of Elkem Silicones International (2010-2015). In the course of his 20 
years of experience as R&D director and Vice President in international companies (Rhône-Poulenc, 
Rhodia, Bluestar), he has developed a sustainable innovation and R&D vision for developing new 
products and new processes. During the last 8 years at Bluestar Silicones International and Elkem, 
an extensive R&D collaborative network has been created supported by Open Innovation with 
international universities, high schools and clusters in chemistry and materials. Dr. Louis Vovelle 
holds an Engineer diploma in Chemistry from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Chimie de Paris 
(1983), a PhD in Physics from Ecole Centrale de Lyon (1987), and has participated in the General 
Management Programme at CEDEP-INSEAD in France (1998-1999). 
Directorships: President of Axel One, board member of University of Lyon, president of TECHTERA, 
board member of AXELERA, strategic advisory board member of EUROPIC (European Consortium on 
Intensified processes), scientific advisory board member of International Symposium on Silicon 
Chemistry (ISOS). 
Number of Elkem shares: 6.896 
 
Senior Vice President Silicones - Frédéric Jacquin  
Mr. Frédéric Jacquin has been the Senior Vice President of Silicones at Elkem since 2015. He has 
previously worked 11 years in Elkem Silicones International. He held the position as Vice President 
of Marketing and Sales before he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Elkem Silicones in early 
2015. Mr. Frédéric Jacquin has a long experience with specialty chemicals and has thereby acquired 
a broad and international experience in specialty chemicals business development and industrial 
marketing. He holds an Executive MBA from the ESSEC French Business School and a Magistere in 
Marketing and Communication from La Sorbonne French University (Celsa). 
Number of Elkem shares: 6.551 
 
Senior Vice President Silicon Products - Inge Grubben-Strømnes 
 
Mr. Inge Grubben-Strømnes has been the Senior Vice President of Silicon Products since 2020. Before 
that, he was the SVP of Elkem Carbon Solutions (2018-2020) and SVP of Business development in 
Elkem (2008-2018). He was also the Chief Executive Officer of Elkem Solar AS from 2012 to 2016. 
He has been with the company since 2005. Prior to his position in Elkem, he worked with McKinsey 
& Company for 4 years. Mr. Inge Grubben-Strømnes holds a MSc in Zoology and a Bachelor in Biology 
from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and an MBA from EM-Lyon. 
Number of Elkem shares: 35.189 
 
Senior Vice President Carbon Solutions - Luiz Simao 
 
Luiz Simao has been the Senior Vice President of Carbon Solutions since 2020. Previously he was the 
plant manager for Elkem Carbon Brazil, a role he has held since 2017. Before that, he has held a 
number of other leadership roles, including as Finance Director for the Carbon Solutions division. He 
has 15 years of Elkem experience. Prior to Elkem, Simao worked with Alcoa for 10 years. He holds 
an MSc in Industrial Engineering from Universidade Federal de São Carlos, an MBA from Ibmec and 
a BSc in Chemistry from Universidade de São Paulo. Simao is a Brazilian national. 
Number of Elkem shares: 0 
 
NOMINATION COMMITTEE 
The Company has a nomination committee comprising of: Sverre S. Tysland (Chair), he is a practicing 
lawyer independent from the Company, and the committee members; Zhu Ziaolei, representing the

--- Page 27 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 44 
 
majority shareholder, and Anne Kjølseth Ekerholdt, she is a practicing lawyer also independent from 
the Company.  
The nomination committee shall make recommendations to the general meeting for the election of 
shareholder elected board members and members of the nomination committee, and the 
remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the nomination committee. 
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The board of directors has established an audit committee which is a working committee for the 
board of directors, preparing matters and acting in an advisory capacity. The audit committee is 
responsible for overseeing financial reporting and disclosure and assists the board of directors with 
assessments of the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, financial reporting processes 
and internal controls, risk management and performance of the external auditor.   
The members of the audit committee are elected by and amongst the members of the board of 
directors for a term of up to two years and comprise the following persons: Dag Jakob Opedal (Chair), 
Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen and Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre.  
 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
 
The remuneration committee is a preparatory and advisory committee for the board of directors in 
questions relating to the Company’s compensation of the executive management. The purpose of 
the remuneration committee is to ensure thorough and independent preparation of matters relating 
to compensation to the executive personnel. 
The members of the remuneration committee are elected by and amongst the members of the board 
of directors for a term of up to two years and are independent of the Company’s executive 
management. The remuneration committee comprises of the following persons: Zhigang Hao (Chair), 
Anja-Isabel Dotzenrath and Helge Aasen. 
 
 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Company of the persons referred 
to in this section 7 of the Base Prospectus and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 28 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 44 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital is NOK 3,197,206,890, divided into 639,441,378 ordinary shares, each 
with a nominal value of NOK 5.5 The shares in the Company are freely negotiable and there are no 
restrictions on any party’s ability to own, trade or vote for the share in the Company. Elkem ASA has 
only one class of shares. Each share grants the holder one vote and there are no structures granting 
disproportionate voting rights. The shares are registered in VPS under ISIN NO0010816093.  
The Elkem shares are listed on Oslo Børs. The ticker code is ELK.  
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Elkem ASA as of 01.06.2021: 
Name 
Shares 
% 
Country 
BLUESTAR ELKEM INT.CO.LTD S.A 
338 338 536 
52,9 
LUX 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
29 306 586 
4,6 
NOR 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG GAMBA 
11 946 530 
1,9 
NOR 
MUST INVEST AS 
10 000 000 
1,6 
NOR 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
8 619 609 
1,3 
USA 
PARETO AKSJE NORGE VERDIPAPIRFOND 
7 728 400 
1,2 
NOR 
STOREBRAND NORGE I VERDIPAPIRFOND 
7 622 417 
1,2 
NOR 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
6 762 958 
1,1 
IRL 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
5 692 331 
0,9 
BEL 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG NORGE 
5 339 930 
0,8 
NOR 
THE NORTHERN TRUST COMP, LONDON BR 
4 762 388 
0,7 
GBR 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
4 193 345 
0,7 
USA 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET FIRST GENERATOR 
4 162 781 
0,7 
NOR 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
3 642 945 
0,6 
USA 
EUROCLEAR BANK S.A./N.V. 
3 449 514 
0,5 
BEL 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
3 335 157 
0,5 
USA 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG AKTIV 
3 331 796 
0,5 
NOR 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET EIKA SPAR 
3 136 027 
0,5 
NOR 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
3 092 167 
0,5 
SWE 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
2 968 754 
0,5 
LUX 
 
Elkem ASA is owned 52.9% by Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd S.A., Luxembourg, which is 
under control of China National Chemical Group Co. Ltd (ChemChina), a company registered and 
domiciled in China. 
Elkem has not been subject to any takeover bids during the last 12 months. There are no 
arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change of control of the Company. 
Related parties’ disclosure  
Information regarding related parties disclosure are described in note 32 in the consolidated financial 
statements and in note 25 in the financial statements in the Annual Report 2020. Please see the 
cross-reference list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus. 
 
5 Please see chapter 9 of this Base Prospectus for information regarding the Company’s contemplated private placement of up 
to approx. 56.5 million new shares

--- Page 29 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 44 
 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
The consolidated financial statements of Elkem ASA are prepared and based on International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union (EU) and effective at 31 
December 2020. The financial statements for the parent company have been prepared in accordance 
with the Norwegian Accounting Act and generally accepted accounting principles in Norway. 
The financial information of Elkem ASA is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross-reference 
list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Elkem ASA 
Parent 
Group 
  
  
2020 
2020 
  
 
audited 
audited 
Income statement 
Page 182 
Page 98 - 99 
Balance sheet 
Page 183 
Page 100 
Cash flow statement 
Page 184 
Page 101 
Notes 
Page 185 - 213 
Page 104 - 180 
Accounting principles 
Page 185 - 189 
Page 105 
Auditors report 
Page 214 - 217 
Page 214 - 217 
 
2020: https://www.elkem.com/globalassets/corporate/documents/elkem_annual_2020_web.pdf  
The historical financial information for 2020 has been audited.  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
 
Financial statements and trend information 
On 26 April, Elkem approved a strategic expansion in China. The project will further support Elkem’s 
growth and specialisation strategy. The total investment for the Xinghuo capacity expansion is 
expected to be ~MNOK 3,800 and will be financed by a combination of cash flow generation and 
available debt facilities as well as new equity. As part of the financing, the Company completed a 
private placement raising gross proceeds of NOK 1,891 million by issuing 56,456,034 new shares. 
Please see the Company’s stock exchange notices on 30.04.2021 for further information. 
In February 2021, Elkem ASA issued NOK 1,250 million in new unsecured bonds. NOK 750 million 
was issued with a tenor of 3 years and a coupon of 3 month Nibor + 1.00 % p.a. while NOK 500 
million was issued with a tenor of 5 years and a coupon of 3 month Nibor + 1.30 % p.a. In connection 
with this bond issue, Elkem ASA bought back NOK 419 million in ELK01 (ISIN NO0010838808). 
On 15 February 2021 Elkem ASA increased its share capital to NOK 2,914,926,720, comprising in 
total of 582,985,344 shares. The share issuance were made in conjunction with certain employees 
exercise of 1,675,000 share options. 
To further streamline operations in China, Bluestar Silicon Material (Yongdeng Silicon) become part 
of the Silicones division from 1 January 2021. 
Other than the above mentioned there is no significant change in the financial position of the Group 
which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial 
statements or interim financial statements have been published. Furthermore, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of the last published audited 
financial statements, and there is no significant change in the financial performance of the Group

--- Page 30 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 44 
 
since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the 
date of the Base Prospectus.  
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are entered into in the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Company’s and/or Group's financial position or profitability.  
 
SUMMARY OF DISCLOSED INFORMATION 
All of Elkem ASA’s announcements are available at NewsWeb:  
https://newsweb.oslobors.no/search?category=&issuer=12616&fromDate=2018-01-
01&toDate=&market=&messageTitle=6 
The below table is a summary of the information disclosed by the Company under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE LAWS 
OF A MEMBER STATE 
Date 
Description 
25.05.2021 Financial calender 
07.05.2021 Elkem ASA - PDMR notification in connection with Private Placement 
30.04.2021 Elkem ASA - New share capital registered 
27.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Minutes from the annual general meeting 2021 
27.04.2021 Elkem ASA - PDMR notification in connection with Private Placement (with attchement) 
27.04.2021 Elkem ASA - PDMR notification in connection with Private Placement 
26.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Private Placement successfully completed 
26.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Contemplated private placement of up to approx. 56.5 million new shares 
26.04.2021 Delivering on growth and profitability - strategic expansion in China 
20.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Invitation to first quarter 2021 results presentation 
07.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Disclosure of voting rights at the annual general meeting 
31.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Notice of annual general meeting 2021 
18.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Successful placement of senior unsecured NOK bonds 
15.02.2021 Elkem ASA - New share capital registered 
15.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Fixed income investor meeting and contemplated bond issuance 
11.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Exercise of share options under share incentive programme and share 
capital increase 
10.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Key information relating to the proposed cash dividend 
03.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Invitation to fourth quarter 2020 results presentation 
19.10.2020 Elkem ASA - Invitation to third quarter 2020 results presentation 
18.08.2020 Financial calendar 
 
6 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 31 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 44 
 
29.07.2020 Elkem ASA - Grant of share options under share incentive scheme 
09.07.2020 Elkem ASA - Invitation to second quarter 2020 results presentation 
26.05.2020 Elkem changes corporate structure and top management to accelerate specialisation, 
gain synergies and further improve operational excellence 
08.05.2020 Elkem ASA - Minutes from the annual general meeting 2020 
30.04.2020 Elkem ASA - Invitation to first quarter 2020 results presentation 
22.04.2020 Elkem ASA - Disclosure of voting rights at the annual general meeting for the vice chair 
of the board of directors, Dag J. Opedal 
15.04.2020 Elkem ASA - Notice of annual general meeting 2020 
14.04.2020 Elkem completes Polysil acquisition 
  
  
ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date 
Description 
12.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Annual report for 2020 
  
  
HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS/LIMITED REVIEWS 
Date 
Description 
10.02.2021 Record sales and highest earnings since 2018 
27.10.2020 Demand recovery in China, market conditions still weak 
17.07.2020 Strong competitive position demonstrated in weak markets 
08.05.2020 Results holding up in challenging market environment 
 
 
ACQUISITION OR DISPOAL OF THE ISSUER'S OWN SHARES 
Date 
Description 
26.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares - programme completed 
23.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares 
16.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Initiation of a share buyback 
  
  
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS 
Date 
Description 
29.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Sale of shares under share incentive programme 
28.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Exercise of share options under share incentive programme 
26.03.2021 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insider 
16.02.2021 Elkem ASA - Sale of shares issued under share incentive programme 
14.05.2020 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insider 
11.05.2020 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
08.05.2020 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
  
  
EX DATE 
Date 
Description 
28.04.2021 Elkem ASA - Ex dividend NOK 0.15 today 
11.05.2020 Elkem ASA - Ex dividend NOK 0.60 today

--- Page 32 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 44 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: www.elkem.com.

--- Page 33 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 44 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2. 
 
11.1 
SECURITIE TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the applicable Bond Terms. The specific reference to the Bond Terms will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described in 
the Bond Terms. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will available through 
the Issuer's website: www.elkem.com.  
Elkem ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Bond 
Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in 
aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 34 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 44 
 
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the 
Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of the Bond Terms at 
such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance 
of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
The different Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the 
Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for 
principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period.  
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each (30/360-days basis), unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or  
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms. Any interpolation will be quoted with the number of decimals 
corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.  
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee 
on each Interest Quotation Date during the term of the Bonds. 
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

--- Page 35 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 44 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for its general corporate 
purposes. The Issuer may also use the net proceeds for other purposes.  
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
11.2.7 Status 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu 
between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save 
for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of 
general application. 
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no -  for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue, or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 88,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any 
payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents. 
The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents: 
(i) 
gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to 
ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount 
which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have 
been received if no withholding had been required; and 
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required 
tax deduction or withholding has been made. 
Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the 
Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible

--- Page 36 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 44 
 
for reimbursing any such fees. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on 
bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
 
11.2.11 Rating  
The Issuer has no official rating. 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including 
any Temporary Bonds.  
 
Bond Terms: 
Means the terms and conditions, including all attachments 
which form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bonds: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD 
from time to time. 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system 
is open, and the relevant currency of the Bonds settlement 
system is open.

--- Page 37 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 37 of 44 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls 
on a day that is not a Business Day: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
If exercising a Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date 
indicated pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Change of Control Event: 
Means a person or group of persons acting in concert, other 
than China National Bluestar Co. Ltd, gaining Decisive Influence 
over the Issuer. 
  
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or “VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest shall be: 
 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
(30/360-days basis), unless:

--- Page 38 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 38 of 44 
 
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Interpretation in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange or 
other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer 
has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Interpretation 
in the Bond Terms, provided however that an Interest Period 
shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period.

--- Page 39 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 39 of 44 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issuer: 
Elkem ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
911 
382 
008 
and 
LEI-code 
549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
of the Issuer. 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds 
belonging to the same issue. In the event of a tap issue, the tap 
issue will automatically be admitted to trading as soon as Oslo 
Børs is informed of the change in outstanding volume. 
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into.

--- Page 40 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 40 of 44 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date where the Outstanding Bonds are paid in full, 
adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being  
a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 (Oslo time) on the 
Interest Quotation Day; or 
b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same number 
of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or  
(ii) a rate for deposits in the currency of the Bonds for 
the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond 
Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number 
of commercial banks reasonably selected by the 
Bond Trustee; or  
c) if the interest rate under paragraph (a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee 
in consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or  
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest rate 
for deposits in the currency of the Bonds offered for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate 
will be deemed to be zero. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR 
and 
its 
volatility 
can 
be 
obtained 
at: 
https://most.referanserenter.no/nibor-rates.html     
Rates are available for free for the past 90 days – for more 
information a subscription is required. 
 
If other Reference Rates than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of

--- Page 41 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 41 of 44 
 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means nominal value of each Bond at any time. The Nominal 
Amount may be amended pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. 
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
If exercising a Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated 
under Put pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
Means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway. 
 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment, any Call Option Repayment Date, 
any Default Repayment Date, any Put Option Repayment Date, 
the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date, or any 
other days of repayments of Bonds.  The Repayments dates will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Tap 
Issues in the Bond Terms. If NA is specified in respect of

--- Page 42 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 42 of 44 
 
Maximum Issue Amount no Tap Issues may be made under the 
Bond Terms. Otherwise, Tap Issues shall be allowed on the 
terms set out in the Clause Tap Issues in the Bond Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres 
Forening in January 2020.  
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-
content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1.

--- Page 43 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 43 of 44 
 
12. Cross reference list 
 
In section 8 of this Base Prospectus information regarding related parties disclosure are described in 
note 32 in the consolidated financial statements and in note 25 in the financial statements in the 
Annual Report 2020. 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following: 
• 
Information concerning Elkem ASA’s 2020 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Annual Report 2020. 
  
The financial report is available at: 
2020: https://www.elkem.com/globalassets/corporate/documents/elkem_annual_2020_web.pdf

--- Page 44 ---
Elkem ASA – 04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 44 of 44 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 45 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 46 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Elkem ASA dated 04.06.2021 and any supplements to the 
Base Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.elkem.com

--- Page 47 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration of 
the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all 
or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read together 
with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, 
when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key 
information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled in 
Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, including the Public 
Limited Companies Act. The Company’s registration number is 911 
382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76.   
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 04.06.2021, approved 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled 
in Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, including the Public 
Limited Companies Act. The Company’s registration number is 911 
382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76.   
Website: www.elkem.com     
Principal activities 
Elkem is an environmental responsible manufacture of metals and 
materials company. The main activities are related to production and 
sale of silicon materials, silicones, ferrosilicon, speciality alloys for the 
foundry industry, carbon products and microsilica. Elkem’s Silicones 
division produces and sells a range of silicone-based products across 
various 
sub-sectors 
including 
release 
coatings, 
engineering 
elastomers, healthcare products, specialty fluids, emulsions and 
resins. The Silicon Products division produces various grades of 
metallurgical silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys and microsilica for use 
in a wide range of end applications. The Carbon Solutions division 
produces carbon electrode materials, lining materials and specialty 
carbon products for metallurgical processes for the production of a 
range of metals.

--- Page 48 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
Major Shareholders 
Elkem ASA is owned 52.9% by Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd 
S.A., Luxembourg, which is under control of China National Chemical 
Group Co. Ltd (ChemChina), a company registered and domiciled in 
China. 
Key managing directors 
Name 
Position 
Michael Koenig 
Chief Executive Officer 
Morten Viga 
Chief Financial Officer 
Katja Lehland 
SVP Human Resources 
Asbjørn Søvik 
SVP Business development 
Håvard Moe 
SVP Elkem Technology 
Louis Vovelle 
SVP Innovation and R&D 
Frédéric Jacquin 
SVP Silicones 
Inge Grubben-Strømnes 
SVP Silicon Products 
Luiz Simao 
SVP Carbon Solutions 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is KPMG AS, Sørkedalsveien 6, 0369 Oslo, 
Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 7000 Majorstuen, 0306 Oslo, Norway. 
KPMG AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Elkem ASA 
 
 
Parent 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
  
2020 
2020 
(Amounts in NOK million) 
 
audited 
audited 
Operating Income 
 
       7 626  
         24 691  
Profit for the year/period 
 
          416  
             278  
 
 
  
  
BALANCE SHEET 
 
  
  
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term 
debt minus cash) 
 
     5 366 
        8 058 
 
 
  
  
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
  
  
Cash flow from operating activites 
 
          549  
           2 111  
Cash flow from investment activites 
 
      (1 881) 
         (3 262) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
         (382) 
            (166) 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most 
material 
key 
risk 
factors 
• The silicon-based advanced materials and chemical industries, 
including the production and sale of silicones, silicon-based 
materials, foundry products and carbon, has been in the past, and 
may be in the future, subject to economic downturns, market 
disruptions and fluctuations in market price and demand which 
could lead to volatility in the Group’s revenues. 
• The outbreak of Covid-19 has had and may in the future have 
significant negative effects on the Group. 
• Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of raw 
materials or transportation could materially and adversely impact 
Elkem’s business and results of operations. 
• The business of the Group is particularly sensitive to increases in 
electricity costs which could materially and adversely increase 
operating costs. 
• Costs of compliance with climate change laws and regulation and 
other specific emissions-related laws, could adversely affect Elkem’s 
operations and performance

--- Page 49 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability 
of 
the 
securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability of 
the Bonds.] / [Other: specify] 
 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Interest rate risk 
• 
Market risk 
• 
Security 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Elkem ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration number 911 382 008 and LEI-code 
549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. 
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate. 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 51 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status and security:  
 
Use of procceds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.]

--- Page 52 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 
15) / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.elkem.com  
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and adress of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and adress of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created/  
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3.

--- Page 53 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 54 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
[Neither the Issuer nor the Bonds are rated. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests 
that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other:  Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Elkem ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The Manager[s] 
has acted as advisor to Elkem ASA in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 55 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
11 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]