--- Page 1 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 44 
 
Important notice 
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by the 
Norwegian FSA on 29.01.2024. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may for 
a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a Final 
Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 44 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors ..................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ........................................................................................................ 12 
3. Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 13 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 14 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 15 
6. Business overview .......................................................................................................... 16 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies .......................................................... 20 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 27 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses ......................................................................................................................... 28 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 31 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus ................................... 32 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 43 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 44

--- Page 4 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 44 
 
1. Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among 
other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making an investment decision. 
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. The risk factors for the Company and the Group are 
deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company, but the Company may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connecting with bonds for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Company based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and depending on 
the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce anticipated 
revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.   
 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF ELKEM AND THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH ELKEM 
OPERATES 
Market risk 
 
The silicon-based advanced materials and chemical industries, including the production and sale of 
silicones, silicon-based materials, foundry products and carbon, has been in the past, and may be 
in the future, subject to economic downturns, market disruptions and fluctuations in market price 
and demand which could lead to volatility in the Group’s revenues. 
Downturns in economic conditions, whether in the markets in which Elkem’s customers are active 
or end markets, can result in diminished demand for, and lower selling prices of, Elkem’s products, 
which could have a negative impact on Elkem’s revenues, operating profit and growth prospects. 
Elkem sells its products globally to customers who are located in multiple geographic markets, 
including Europe, Asia and the Americas.  
 
Elkem’s customers operate in a wide range of industries, including the automotive industry, the 
construction industry, the renewable energy industry, the oil and gas industry, the electronics 
industry, consumer goods industries and the solar power and chemicals industries. Economic 
downturns, market disruptions, reduction in demand or otherwise uncertain economic outlooks in 
one or more of these markets or industries have affected Elkem in the past and could continue to 
do so in the future. 
 
In the past two years several incidents have caused significant market disruptions, for example the 
Covid-pandemic, the war in Ukraine, shortages of semi-conductors and power disruptions. The 
recent volatility in markets related to the energy crisis, combined with inflationary pressures, adds 
to the uncertainty regarding economic activity. Negative consequences if these risks occur can limit 
Elkem's income and profitability. 
 
Risk related to electricity costs  
Electricity is one of the Group’s largest operating costs. Accordingly, consistent access to low cost 
and reliable sources of electricity is essential to the Group’s business. Because electricity constitutes

--- Page 5 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 44 
 
such a significant percentage of costs, the Group is particularly vulnerable to fluctuations in 
electricity costs. 
 
Electric power is a key input factor and Elkem enters into long term power contracts to reduce the 
future exposure to changes in power prices, particularly in Norway where electricity prices based on 
hydro power tend to have different pricing dynamics than for Elkem’s products and other raw 
materials. 
 
Termination or non-renewal of any of the Group’s electricity contracts or an increase in the price of 
electricity generally could materially adversely affect the Group’s future earnings and may prevent 
Elkem from effectively competing in certain of its markets.  
 
Elkem is also exposed to changes in grid tariffs, both as a result of investments in power grids in 
Norway and other jurisdictions where it operates and potentially as a result of changes in the grid 
structure, either of which would likely cause the grid operator to raise tariffs in order to finance 
such investments or changes. Any such increases could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
Elkem’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The risk of increased costs of complying with environmental, health and safety laws  
Elkem uses large quantities of hazardous substances, generates hazardous wastes and emits 
wastewater and air pollutants in its production operations, most notably in its Silicones division. 
Consequently, its operations are subject     to extensive environmental, health and safety (‘‘EHS’’) 
laws, regulations, rules and ordinances at the supranational, national and local level in multiple 
jurisdictions across the European, African, Asia Pacific and North and South American regions. 
Elkem is also required to obtain permits from governmental authorities for certain operations.  
 
If Elkem violates or fails to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, Elkem could be subject 
to penalties, fines, restrictions on operations or other sanctions. Under these laws, regulations and 
permits, Elkem could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure 
to hazardous substances or environmental damage Elkem may cause or that relates to its operations 
or properties. 
 
Many EHS regulations have become more stringent over time and the trend is likely to continue, 
especially as regulators and government increasingly focus on human health and the safe use of 
chemicals and their products in commerce, as well as their potential impact on health and the 
environment are likely to manifest themselves in more stringent regulatory intervention. Permits 
necessary for Elkem's operations may not be issued or continue in effect, and any issued permits 
may contain more stringent limitations that restrict Elkem’s operations or that require further 
expenditures to meet additional requirements imposed by permits. In addition, compliance with 
more stringent EHS regulations will likely increase Elkem’s operating costs including costs related 
to the transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, as well as the costs of 
storage and disposal of waste.  
 
Changes in EHS regulations in jurisdictions where Elkem produces and sells its products could also 
lead to a decrease in demand for its products. Concerns about product safety and environmental 
protection could influence public perception of the Group’s products and operations, the viability of 
some or all of its products, its reputation, and the ability to attract and retain employees. Further 
to regulatory changes, health and safety concerns could increase the costs incurred by the Group’s 
customers to use its products and otherwise limit the use of the Group’s products, which could lead 
to decreased demand for these products.

--- Page 6 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 44 
 
Climate risk 
 
Climate risk and environmental regulations will require reduced emissions and more sustainable 
solutions. Climate risk has become an increasingly important part of Elkem’s overall risk 
management processes. Climate risks could for example affect Elkem’s strategic positioning, raw 
material supply, end-markets, and financial performance. Elkem has global operations exposed to 
environmental regulations, and potential impact of climate change. Climate risks comprise both 
regulatory, transitional and physical risks, for example. extreme weather, drought, flooding, wind, 
and ocean rise. Many of Elkem's production facilities are located close to sea or river, or in close 
proximity to cities or local communities. In addition, Elkem's integrated supply chain depends on 
access to stable inbound and outbound transportation. 
 
Some of the principal environmental risks associated with Elkem's operations are emissions into the 
air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. In particular, the production of 
silicon and ferrosilicon result in significant emissions of CO2. Other air emissions from Elkem’s 
primary production processes include SO2, NOx, and dust. Elkem's operations are subject to 
extensive national and international environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to 
the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures 
and greenhouse gas emissions. If Elkem violates or fails to comply with these laws and regulations, 
Elkem could be fined or otherwise sanctioned. Because environmental laws and regulations are 
becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being 
enacted or proposed, such as those relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, the 
level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. Future 
legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, additional 
remedial actions, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating 
costs, increased costs of the goods Elkem sells, and decreased demand for Elkem's products that 
cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. 
 
Costs of compliance with climate change laws and regulations and other specific emissions-related 
laws, could adversely affect Elkem’s operations and performance. 
 
Elkem receives each year substantial amounts under the EU’s CO2 quotas compensation scheme 
which may be phased out. Changes in ETS regulations may cause a reduction of allowances and 
higher prices.  
 
Carbon dioxide is one of the main emissions resulting from Elkem's production operations. Elkem's 
European operations are therefore subject to the EU's CO2 Emissions Trading Scheme (the “CO2 
Trading Scheme”), which was established as part of the EU's attempts to control greenhouse gas 
emissions and global warming. Under the scheme, industrial emitters of CO2 are obliged to 
surrender allowances to the authorities corresponding to their emissions on an annual basis. 
Depending on their industry, most companies are awarded a significant portion of their allowances 
for free to avoid placing them at an undue competitive disadvantage as compared to producers 
outside of Europe. 
 
Elkem, which came under the ambit of the CO2 Trading Scheme in 2013, has been awarded free 
allowances on an annual basis for its emissions, and purchased allowances in the market to cover 
the remainder of its emissions in each year. The amount of free allowances as government grants 
is expected   to decrease gradually until the current phase of the CO2 Trading Scheme ends. In the 
future, Elkem may not receive such allowances, or receive lower allowances than previous years, 
which may result in increased costs pertaining to CO2 allowances, and have a material negative cost 
impact on Elkem which is a current risk in its operations.

--- Page 7 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 44 
 
Risks of operating in emerging markets  
 
 
Elkem has 3 1  production facilities worldwide and sources and sells products to customers across 
a wide range of countries. Some of these countries include emerging markets, such as Brazil, 
Paraguay, South Africa, Malaysia, India and China. Elkem considers that the main risks of operating 
in emerging markets are related to economic and political risks, such as application of foreign 
exchange controls, corruption, regulatory changes, crime and the lack of enforcement. Furthermore, 
there could be risk of governmental interference, unpredictable taxation, anti-dumping duties and 
trade barriers, export duties and other restrictive government actions. There could also be 
restrictions on the ability to repatriate dividends from subsidiaries.  
Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect Elkem’s results of operations and 
prospects by causing interruptions in its operations, by increasing the costs of operating in 
these countries or by limiting its ability to repatriate profits from these countries.  
 
Geopolitical conflicts, trade barriers, sanctions and export control risk   
Because of the global nature of the Group's operations, it is vulnerable to trade barriers, political or 
legal instability in countries in which it operates, as well as to international and geopolitical conflicts, 
which may harm its business activities. Such conflicts, trade barriers, sanctions and export controls 
may interrupt the Groups business, product and supply chain, and entail reputational damage.  
In particular, as the Group has production facilities and operations in China, the ongoing trade war, 
and any escalations, between USA and China, may significantly impact the Group's business, both in 
terms of potential new sanctions imposed by USA or China, or in terms of potential new export or 
import control restrictions and reputational damage. 
 
The U.S. has with the implementation of the CHIPS and Science Act and Inflation Reduction Act 
introduced incentive schemes for U.S. companies with the purpose to strengthen domestic 
manufacturing and to counter Foreign Entities of Concern, including China. The CHIPS and Science 
Act prohibits its incentive scheme to benefit Foreign Entities of Concern and the Inflation Reduction 
Act prohibits the manufacturing of electric vehicle batteries with critical minerals mined, 
manufactured, or sold from Foreign Entities of Concern. Foreign Entity of Concern is defined slightly 
differently between the two acts, but in general both acts define it to include companies that are 
“owned by, controlled by, or subject to the direction” of at least 25% by another entity that is 
controlled by the government of a foreign country that is a covered nation, which includes China.  
Elkem falls under this definition due to its Chinese ownership; however, neither Silicon nor Silicone 
are defined as “critical minerals” under the Inflation Reduction Act, and as such the prohibitions 
against Foreign Entities of Concern are not relevant. While not a prohibition, some Department of 
Energy grant applications ask applicants to list any suppliers that are considered to be a Foreign 
Entity of Concern. The direct impact of the Inflation Reduction Act and CHIPS and Science Act is 
currently assessed as limited. Still there is a risk that Elkem’s operations may be negatively affected, 
either directly or indirectly, by these and other related U.S. incentive schemes. 
 
International and geopolitical conflicts, and trade barriers, sanctions and export control may have a 
negative effect on the Group's operations. 
 
Risk related to anti-dumping  
The EU has had anti-dumping duties on imported Chinese silicon since 1990. The level is currently 
at 16.8% for most of the Chinese production companies. The rates imposed by the European anti-
dumping scheme were extended by the European Commission in August 2022 for a period of five 
years. The U.S. has had anti-dumping duties for silicon in place since 1998. The anti-dumping duties 
in the U.S. for Chinese silicon were last reviewed in November 2023 and are currently 139.5%. 
Furthermore, in 2020, the U.S anti-dumping duty on Russian silicon was extended (61.6%-87.1%). 
From April 2021 anti-dumping duties are collected on U.S silicon imports origination in Iceland 
(37.8%-47.5%) and in Bosna and Herzegovina (21.4%), and countervailing duties are collected on

--- Page 8 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 44 
 
silicon from Kazakhstan (160%). Canada and Australia also have anti-dumping duties on silicon of 
Chinese origin.  
 
The EU has imposed anti-dumping duties on ferrosilicon from China, Russia and certain other 
countries with effect from 2008. These were last reviewed in July 2020 and the anti-dumping 
measures in force are 31.2% ad valorem for the majority of Chinese suppliers and 17.8-22.7% for 
the Russian suppliers of ferrosilicon to the EU market.  
 
As a result of Elkem’s global business model, the anti-dumping measures described above have had 
and likely will continue to have both positive and negative impacts on Elkem’s business. Although 
such measures have the effect of protecting domestic producers, including Elkem’s production 
companies in those markets, from lower-cost competition, as the case may be, such measures also 
impose costs on exports to those markets, if any. In addition, the expiration of anti-dumping duties 
could affect European silicon/ferrosilicon prices negatively, as the prices within the EU and the U.S 
are especially sensitive to expiration of EU or U.S. anti-dumping duties. Even if such duties are 
extended or increased, continuing the protection of Elkem’s operations in those markets, it is likely 
that Elkem’s exports to those markets could be disadvantaged. 
 
The Chinese market has significant excess production capacity for silicones, silicon and ferrosilicon 
The siloxanes production capacity in China has grown over the last years and resulted in a current 
oversupply of siloxanes. Combined with weaker demand levels, this has resulted in lower sales 
prices for commodity silicones. Such overcapacity could have a material adverse effect on Elkem’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
In addition, there has been excess production capacity for silicon and ferrosilicon. Most of this 
capacity is idled as a result of several factors, including stricter environmental laws and that some 
Chinese production facilities are located in regions where the capacity can only be utilised periodically 
or at certain times of year (for example during the wet season for regions reliant on hydropower).  
 
Risk related to exchange controls in China 
The Group has significant operations in China. The Chinese government has implemented exchange 
controls requiring filing procedures to move capital in and out of China. Accordingly, foreign 
companies trying to repatriate profits, pay dividends, repay loans and remit proceeds from assets, 
products or services sold in China may experience difficulties on their outbound transfers, which may 
be disruptive to those foreign companies' operations in China. The restrictions are not always clear, 
especially in relation to requirements and process time, and may vary based on the companies' 
locations in China. The Group may be affected by the aforementioned restrictions, in particular to 
the extent it desires to refinance certain indebtedness in China, and may therefore experience 
difficulty and uncertainty in relation to its Chinese operations. 
 
Risk related to funding 
Elkem operates in cyclical and highly capital intensive industries and is therefore exposed to 
risks related to the availability and cost of funding for its existing operations and for future growth 
within its business segments. Elkem may have difficulty accessing financing on acceptable terms, 
or at all, and is vulnerable  to interest rate increases, e.g. in relation to financial covenants in its 
loan agreements. Difficulty in accessing funding or complying with loan conditions could affect the 
Group’s ability to service its financial obligations and result in financial distress and creditors 
imposing restrictions on the business. Any difficulty the Group may encounter in securing adequate 
sources funding could also hamper the Group’s ability to  invest in its manufacturing capacity or in 
new markets, thus restraining the Group’s growth opportunities. A deterioration in Elkem's credit 
profile or a rise in market interest rates could increase the costs of borrowing money and/or limit 
Elkem's access to financing.

--- Page 9 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 44 
 
The terms of the Company’s financing arrangements may limit its commercial and financial flexibility 
Elkem will be subject to affirmative and negative covenants contained in the Group's loan 
agreements, including financial covenants. There can be no assurances that Elkem will be able to 
meet such covenants. A breach of the financial covenants, or certain other provisions or restrictions, 
may cause an event of default under the loan agreements, which may result in the relevant creditors 
cancelling any commitments and/or elect to declare all amounts owed to them, including accrued 
interest, immediately due and payable. 
 
Additionally, the  loan agreements contain a mandatory prepayment clause upon a change of control 
relating to the ownership interest of Bluestar. If Bluestar were to cease to have the power to cast 
more than 50% of the maximum number of votes cast at a general meeting or beneficially own 
more than 50% of the issued share capital of the Company, the facility could be cancelled and all 
outstanding amounts owed to creditors, including accrued interest, could become immediately due 
and payable. 
 
If the Group’s creditors were to accelerate payments of outstanding amounts due under the loan 
agreement, the Group can provide no assurances that its assets would be sufficient to repay in full 
those amounts due and payable. 
Elkem may seek to enter into future financing arrangements to refinance existing debt or finance 
new initiatives. There is no assurance that Elkem will be able to secure such financing on terms that 
are as favourable as those under the existing loan agreements, or that it will be able to secure such 
financing at all. 
 
Availability of raw materials risk   
 
The Group has long term supply contracts for most key raw materials and also buys some of them 
on the spot market. The Group is dependent on certain suppliers of these products in certain of the 
markets in which it operates. In particular, the Group relies on a few selected sources for the 
specialised coal and methyl chloride that it requires, and relies on certain rare earth minerals which 
are only available in China and which have in the past been the subject of export restrictions. 
 
To the extent there is a disruption in the supply of any of these raw materials from the Group’s 
suppliers, or if the raw materials are not of the required quality, or are not delivered on a timely 
basis, the Group may not be able to obtain adequate supplies of these raw materials from alternative 
sources on terms as favourable as its current arrangements or at all.  
 
Furthermore, if there is an increase in the costs of these raw materials as a result of disruptions in 
production, trade restrictions or any other reason, this will result in increased costs for Elkem. Elkem’s 
customer contracts and the competitive environment of the markets in which Elkem operates do not 
generally permit increases in operating expenses to be passed on to customers.  
 
In the past two years several incidents have caused disruptions in global transportation and supply 
chains, for example covid related interruptions worldwide, the war in Ukraine, low water levels in 
rivers and channels in Europe, lack of container capacity, shortages of semi-conductors and power 
disruptions. This has among others caused significantly higher raw material costs particularly for 
silicon in both France and China. 
 
Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of raw materials or transportation could 
materially and adversely impact Elkem’s business and results of operations. 
 
Proprietary rights risk 
Elkem relies upon intellectual property, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to protect 
important proprietary rights and, if these rights are not sufficiently protected, its ability to compete 
and generate revenue could suffer. Elkem’s ability to compete effectively in certain markets depends

--- Page 10 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 44 
 
in part on its ability to obtain, maintain, and protect its trade secrets, proprietary information and 
other intellectual property rights. Elkem relies particularly on proprietary technologies and technical 
capabilities in order to compete effectively and produce high quality silicon, silicones, foundry alloys 
and carbon products. Elkem is subject to the risk that proprietary technologies may be challenged 
and Elkem may not be able to protect its rights to these technologies. 
 
The global silicones market is largely patent driven and a significant portion of the Silicones 
division’s sales are based on patented products. Elkem, and in particular the Silicones division, is 
dependent on its patent portfolio in order to sustain a competitive advantage for its products and 
processes. The other divisions of Elkem generally rely on  a combination of patent, trademark, 
copyright, domain name registration and trade secret laws, as well as contractual restrictions and 
physical measures to protect Elkem’s trade secrets, proprietary information and other intellectual 
property rights.  
The fact that Elkem has intellectual property rights does not guarantee success in any attempts by 
it to enforce these rights against third parties, and any such attempts may result in a substantial 
diversion of resources. 
 
Elkem could be materially adversely affected by legal proceedings or investigations 
 
Elkem could be included in criminal or civil proceedings related to, among others, product liability, 
environment, health and safety, anti-competitive, anti-corruption, trade sanctions, infringements of 
intellectual property rights or other similar laws or regulations or other forms of commercial disputes 
which could have a material adverse effect on Elkem. Violation of applicable laws and regulations 
could result in substantial fines or penalties, costs of corrective work and, in rare instances, the 
suspension or shutdown of Elkem’s operations. Silicones are used in industries which are exposed to 
litigation, including the automotive industry (as they are used in the manufacture of airbags) and 
health care. Use of silicones in such industries and sectors may also entail product recalls and legal 
proceedings, investigations and claims for damages in connection with such product recalls. If any 
of this ocours it may have a material adverse effect on Elkem’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
 
Tax risk 
Changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the jurisdictions 
in which Elkem operates or adverse outcomes from audits by taxation authorities could result in an 
unfavourable change in its effective tax rate. Elkem operates its business in numerous tax 
jurisdictions and its effective tax rate is derived from a combination of the applicable tax rates in the 
various locations in which it operates. Elkem’s effective tax rate may be lower or higher than its 
effective tax rates has been in the past due to numerous factors, including the sources of its income 
and the tax filing positions it takes. Changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes or 
changes in tax laws in any of the jurisdictions in which Elkem operates could result in an unfavourable 
change in its effective tax rate.

--- Page 11 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 44 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
Credit risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk that Elkem ASA fails to make the required payments under the bonds (either 
principal or interest). The ability of the Issuer to make the required payments under the bonds will 
depend on the Issuer’s future financial performance and its ability to generate cash flow from 
operations. If Elkem in the future does not have sufficient amounts available to meet the claims of 
its bondholders, this may result in a potential insolvency situation for the Issuer and a loss of all or 
part of the bondholder’s investment. 
 
 
Security 
Elkem has only issued unsecured bonds, but it may issue both secured and unsecured Bonds. The 
level of any security will be described in the applicable Final Terms. The secured bondholders of the 
Issuer will have priority over the assets securing their debt. There is therefore a risk that secured 
bondholders may enforce their security against the interests of the bondholders in unsecured bonds, 
and without consulting them. Any assets remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt 
may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing under unsecured bonds. In general, unsecured 
bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds.   
 
Market risk 
 
There is a risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in market conditions for 
Elkem. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit 
markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity 
of this bond issue in the market. In spite of an underlying positive development in the Elkem’s 
business activities, the price of a bond may fall independent of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively 
short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a lower price risk compared 
to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate.  
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds in the Bond Issue cannot do it because 
nobody in the market wants to trade the bonds. The liquidity depends on among other the investors’ 
interest in the bond market in general and particularly in the Elkem as the issuer of the Bond. Missing 
demand of the bonds could mean that a bondholder would not be able to sell their bonds or incur a 
loss due to low price in the market. 
 
 
Green Bonds 
 
Elkem has issued so -called “Green Bonds” and the net proceeds shall be used in accordance with 
the Issuer’s Green Bonds Framework. There are reservations as to whether this will meet each 
individual investor’s investment criteria and each investor will have to make its individual assessment 
of the criteria.

--- Page 12 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 44 
 
2. Persons responsible  
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Elkem ASA,  
Drammensveien 169,  
0277 Oslo,  
Norway. 
 
 
DECLARATION BY PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
Elkem ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
 
 
29.01.2024 
 
 
Elkem ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Base Prospectus, drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 13 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 44 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 29.01.2024. 
 
Bluestar  
 
 
- 
Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd S.A a subsidiary of  
 
 
 
 
Sinochem. 
 
CDP 
 
 
 
- 
Carbon Disclosure Project 
 
Company / Issuer  
 
-  
Elkem ASA with reg.nr 911 382 008.  
 
CO2 
 
 
 
- 
Carbon dioxide 
 
EU 
 
 
 
- 
European Union. 
 
EV 
 
 
 
- 
Electric vehicle. 
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds. 
 
The Group / Elkem 
 
-  
The Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
 
NOK 
 
 
 
- 
Norwegian Kroner 
 
NOx 
 
 
 
- 
Nitrogen oxide. 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms. 
 
R&D 
 
 
 
- 
Research and Development 
 
R&I 
 
 
 
-  
Research and Innovation 
 
Sinochem 
 
 
- 
Sinochem Holdings Co., Ltd 
 
SO2 
 
 
 
- 
Sulfur dioxide.

--- Page 14 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 44 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been KPMG AS.  
KPMG AS contact information: Sørkedalsveien 6, 0369 Oslo, Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 7000 
Majorstuen, 0306 Oslo, Norway.  
KPMG AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (No: Den norske 
Revisorforening).

--- Page 15 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 44 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled in Norway and existing under 
the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is 
Elkem ASA and the commercial name is Elkem. The Company was incorporated in Norway on 2nd 
January 1904 and registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry on the 12th March 1995 with 
registration number 911 382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. The head office and 
registered office of Elkem ASA is Drammensveien 169, 0277 Oslo, Norway. The mailing address of 
the Company is P. O. Box 334 Skøyen, 0213 Oslo, Norway and the telephone number is +47 22 45 
01 00.   
Website is www.elkem.com0F1 
Elkem was founded in 1904 and is a supplier of advanced silicon-based materials shaping a better 
and more sustainable future. The Company develops silicones, silicon products and carbon solutions 
by combining natural raw materials, renewable energy and human ingenuity. Elkem’s products help 
customers create and improve essential innovations for electric mobility, digital communications, 
health and personal care as well as smarter and more sustainable cities.  
Elkem consists of three business divisions: Silicones, Silicon Products and Carbon Solutions. The 
Silicones division produces and sells a range of silicone-based products across various sub-sectors 
including release coatings, engineering elastomers, healthcare products, specialty fluids, emulsions 
and resins. The Silicon Products division produces various grades of metallurgical silicon, ferrosilicon, 
foundry alloys and microsilica for use in a wide range of end applications.  The Carbon Solutions 
division produces carbon electrode materials, lining materials and specialty carbon products for 
metallurgical processes for the production of a range of metals. 
Elkem has more than 7,300 employees, 31 production sites and an extensive network of sales offices 
worldwide. Elkem ASA is the parent company of the Elkem Group.  
For an overview of Elkem ASA’s subsidiaries and joint operations please see note 4 in the 2022 
annual report consolidated financial statements. Please see the cross-reference list in section 12 in 
this Base Prospectus. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Scope Ratings GmbH (Scope) has assigned Elkem ASA a rating 
of BBB/Negative. Scope has affirmed the S-2 short-term rating and BBB senior unsecured debt rating. 
The rating report can be found: https://scoperatings.com/ratings-and-research/rating/EN/1730651  
 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 16 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 44 
 
6. Business overview  
 
Elkem is a fully integrated producer with operations throughout the silicon value chain from quartz 
to silicon and downstream silicone specialities as well as speciality ferrosilicon alloys and carbon 
materials. Elkem has organised its operations into three business divisions: Silicones, a fully 
integrated silicones producer; Silicon Products, a provider of silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys, 
Microsilica and related speciality products; and Carbon Solutions, a supplier of electrode paste and 
speciality products to the ferroalloys, silicon and aluminium industries.  
 
The map below sets out Elkem’s presence worldwide: 
 
 
SILICONES 
The Silicones division is a fully integrated silicone company, with more than 4,600 employees and a 
global footprint. The division has R&I centres in Europe and Asia, sales offices worldwide, and plants 
in China, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, USA, Brazil, India, and South Korea. The Silicones division 
represents 42% of the Group total operating income. 
Silicones can be manufactured into many forms including solids, liquids, semi-viscous pastes, foams, 
oils and rubber. They are flexible and can resist moisture, chemicals, heat, cold and ultraviolet 
radiation. Due to its wide range of application areas, silicones are used in a large number of products 
and industries, including manufactured goods, construction materials, electronics, consumer and 
medical items. Silicones can be encountered every day in a number of areas, including in personal 
care products, in cars, in the gel on a wound dressing and in sealing and insulating materials in 
electrical equipment. The main growth drivers are the green transition and the rise of middle class 
worldwide to serve markets such as electrification of transportation, electronics, and healthcare. The 
division’s key strategic focus is on balanced geo-graphical growth between the main markets in the 
Eastern and Western world, improve the cost position through new investments in France and China, 
and to focus on R&D and further specialisation of the products portfolio. 
The Silicones division serves diverse markets, from electric cars to construction, via electronics, 
aerospace, healthcare, personal care, packaging, airbag coating and more. Elkem has a

--- Page 17 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 44 
 
comprehensive range of silicone products (> 5000 stock keeping units) with market positions in 
engineering elastomers for EV’s, coatings for packaging, hygiene and bakery paper and airbag 
coatings. 
 
 
END MARKETS 
 
PLANTS 
 
 
- Construction 
 
China 
- Xinghuo, Shanghai, Zhongshan, Yongdeng (silicon) 
- Automotive 
France 
- Roussillon, Saint-Fons, Salaise-sur Sanne 
- Chemical formulators 
Germany 
- Lübeck  
- Personal care 
 
Italy 
- Caronno  
- Healthcare 
 
Spain 
- Santa Perpetua  
- Paper & ﬁlm release 
USA 
- York 
- Silicone rubber 
Brazil 
- Joinville  
- Textile 
 
India 
- Pune 
  
 
Korea 
- Gunsan 
 
For more detailed information regarding the Silicones division, please see: 
 
https://www.elkem.com/about-elkem/corporate-structure/elkem-silicones/about-elkem-silicones/1F2 
 
SILICON PRODUCTS 
The Silicon Products division is a supplier of silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys, Microsilica, and other 
speciality products. The Silicon Products division represents 50% of the Group operating income. 
Silicon Products has about 1,900 employees and has plants in Norway, Iceland, Canada, India, 
Paraguay and China, and quartz mines in Norway and Spain. 
Silicon is used in silicones, aluminium alloys and polysilicon, and has a number of favourable chemical 
and physical properties, including semi-conductivity, making it highly versatile for numerous 
industrial and electronic applications. Ferrosilicon is mainly used in the steel industry to remove 
oxygen from the steel and as an alloying element to enhance the quality, including strength and 
elasticity. Foundry alloys are used in the production of iron castings to improve their properties such 
as tensile strength, ductility and impact properties. Microsilica is a process product of the silicon and 
ferrosilicon production and is used in construction, refractory, oilfield and polymer industries. The 
Silicon Products division serves customers in a number of end markets, such as chemicals, 
aluminium, electronics, automotive, speciality steel segments, solar, construction, refractories, and 
oil & gas. The division’s strategy is based on selective growth opportunities, securing leading cost 
positions, and to lower the carbon emissions.  
END MARKETS 
PLANTS 
- Automotive 
 
Norway 
- Salten, Thamshavn, Rana, Bremanger, 
- Construction/industrial equipment 
Bjølvefossen 
- Electronics 
Iceland 
- Grundartangi 
- Speciality steel 
China 
- Shizuishan 
- Solar & wind turbines 
 
India 
- Nagpur  
- Refractories 
Paraguay 
- Limpio 
- Oil & gas 
Canada 
- Chicoutimi  
 
For more detailed information regarding the Silicone Products division, please see: 
https://www.elkem.com/about-elkem/corporate-structure/elkem-silicon-products/about-us/ 3 
 
 
 
2   Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 18 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 44 
 
CARBON SOLUTIONS 
The Carbon Solutions division is a supplier of electrode paste, prebaked electrodes and speciality 
products to the ferroalloys, silicon, and aluminium industries. The division has approximately 400 
employees and plants in Norway, South Africa, Brazil, Malaysia, and China. The Carbon Solutions 
division accounts for approximately 8% of Elkem’s operating income from external customers. The 
steel and aluminium industries account for a significant portion of the division’s end-user applications 
and, as a result, drive the demand dynamics in the industry. The main market drivers are linked to 
the production of steel and ferroalloys and high-quality electrodes are critical for the customer’s 
productivity. The division's strategy is based on selective growth opportunities, sustainable low-cost 
positions and high-quality products giving status as preferred supplier. 
END MARKETS 
PLANTS 
- Ferroalloys 
 
Norway 
Slovakia 
- Kristiansand 
Ziar nad Hronom 
- Silicon 
 
Brazil 
- Serra (Carboindustrial and Carboderivados) 
- Aluminium 
 
South Africa 
- Emalahleni 
- Iron foundries 
China 
- Shizuishan  
  
 
Malaysia 
- Bintulu 
 
For more detailed information regarding the Carbon Solutions division, please see: 
 
https://www.elkem.com/about-elkem/corporate-structure/elkem-carbon-solutions/about-elkem-
carbon-solutions/2F3 
 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) 
For Elkem, sustainability is central to the business strategy. Its mission is to provide advanced 
material solutions shaping a better and more sustainable future, adding value to our stakeholders 
globally. 
The fundament for Elkem's strategy is that the long-term megatrends – like sustainability, energy 
demand, urbanisation, increased standard of living, ageing and growing population, and digitalisation 
– will continue. This will drive growth in demand for advanced materials, including silicones, silicon 
and carbon solutions. 
For Elkem, increased attention on sustainability in society is a great opportunity. Elkem’s products 
are critical input factors to a vast number of applications that are necessary in sustainable solutions 
such as renewable energy, energy storage, mobility solutions, infrastructure improvements, 
digitalisation and health care. The increasing demand for low-carbon technologies and products such 
as solar panels, batteries and electrical vehicles will therefore increase demand for several of Elkem’s 
product segment within silicones, silicon and ferro-alloys. Elkem is simultaneously engaging actively 
to reduce the environmental impact from its own production processes as particularly the production 
of silicon and ferrosilicon result in significant emissions of CO2 and air emissions include SO2, NOx, 
and dust. Elkem has for instant carried out numerous furnace upgrades at plants, resulting in a 
substantial reduction in NOx emissions. Many of these initiatives has been supported by the 
Norwegian NOx Fund. Elkem has implemented a climate roadmap with a target to reduce absolute 
CO2 emissions (scope 1 and 2) by 28%, and the product carbon footprint (scope 1, 2 and 3 to gate) 
by 39% by 2031.  
Elkem has a global footprint with operations throughout the value chain – from raw material sourcing 
to attractive end-market positions worldwide. 
 
3 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 19 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 44 
 
Elkem’s value chain: 
 
 
In 2023, Elkem obtained a Gold score from EcoVadis, which rated the Company among the world's 
top 5% on sustainability transparency, and Elkem was awarded double A- scores from CDP for efforts 
on Climate and Forests, and B score on Water security. The full methodology for the CDP scores is 
transparent and available on CDP’s website at: https://www.cdp.net/en/guidance/guidance-for-
companies 3F4 
 
4 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 20 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 44 
 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Name 
Position 
Zhigang Hao 
Chairperson 
Dag Jakob Opedal 
Deputy chair 
Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen 
Board Member 
Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre  
Board Member 
Yougen Ge 
Board Member 
Bo Li 
Board Member 
Grace Tang 
Board Member 
Nathalie Brunelle 
Board Member 
Marianne Færøyvik 
Board Member      (employee representative) 
Terje Andre Hanssen 
Board Member      (employee representative) 
Thomas Eggan 
Board Member      (employee representative) 
 
Chairperson – Zhigang Hao  
Mr. Zhigang Hao currently holds the position as Party Secretary and Chairman of China National 
Bluestar. He has been working in China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd. since 2008, in which he 
held several positions such as Engineer in the Planning and Development Department, as well as 
Executive Assistant to the Chief Operating Officer at Shanxi Synthetic Rubber Group Co. Ltd. 
(subsidiary of China National Bluestar). After that, he worked as Associate Deputy Director of the 
Administration Office at China National Chemical Corporation (parent company of China National 
Bluestar). Before he was appointed as Party Secretary and Chairman of China National Bluestar in 
September 2017, he has accumulated rich experience in running large multinational corporations by 
working as Director of Administration Office, Board Secretary, Director of Administration Office and 
Deputy Party Secretary at China National Bluestar. Mr. Zhigang Hao has a PhD in Chemical 
Engineering from the Institute of Process Engineering, Chinese Academy of Science, and an MBA 
from The Open University of Hong Kong. Mr. Zhigang Hao has been a board member since 2017 and 
chair of the board since 2019. 
Other directorships: Current Chairman of Bluestar Adisseo Co., Ltd. 
 
Deputy chair – Dag Jakob Opedal 
 
Mr. Dag J. Opedal has extensive managerial experience from previous positions in several Norwegian 
public and private companies. He is the former Chief Executive Officer of Orkla ASA, Executive Vice 
President at Norgesgruppen ASA, president of Ferd Capital and managing director for Stabburet AS. 
He has also been a board member of Carlsberg, Jotun, REC, Sapa/Alcoa (JV) and Telenor ASA. In 
addition, he was the chairman of Elkem AS from 2006 to 2009. He has a degree in economics from 
the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), in addition to an MBA from INSEAD business school in 
France. Mr. Dag J. Opedal has been a board member since 2018 and is elected for a period of two 
years, with effect from 27 April 2022. 
Other directorships: Current board member at Bertel O. Steen Holding, Bertel O. Steen Kapital, Odin 
Forvaltning, Kavli Holding, Kavlifondet, Isola, Lundhs, Bygimpuls and Nammo. 
 
Board member - Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen 
 
Ms. Marianne E. Johnsen has extensive board experience from the last 20 years from positions in 
several Norwegian and international companies, listed and non-listed within the areas of technology, 
shipping, finance, aquaculture and oil and gas - among them Petroleum Geo Services ASA, Fjord 
Seafood ASA, Pharmaq AS, Odin Fund Management AS, Copeinca ASA, Morpol ASA. In addition, she 
has been the chairperson of Norwegian Refugee Council, an organization with broad, global 
operations. She has her managerial experience both from the public and private sector; as former

--- Page 21 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 44 
 
member of the executive management at Ullevaal University hospital and as former Vice president 
in Elkem ASA. Marianne E. Johnsen today works as a professional member/chairperson, investor and 
lawyer in Norway and abroad. She is the founder and managing partner of Cascata AS, a 
management consulting and investment company. She has a degree in Law from the University of 
Oslo, in addition to an MBA from Solvey Business School in Brussels. She has been a board member 
since 2019 and is elected with a term office until 2023. 
Other directorships: She currently holds the position as chairperson of the Norwegian Seafood Council 
and board member and Chair of the Audit Committee in Norway Royal Salmon ASA in, addition to 
serving on the board of several other companies. 
 
Board member - Olivier Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre 
 
Mr. Olivier de Clermont Tonnerre has since January 2011 held the position as Chief Strategic and 
Corporate Development Officer at National China Bluestar Corp., in addition to Executive Strategic 
Adviser at Elkem Silicones Service France. Mr. Olivier de Clermont-Tonnerre has extensive 
professional experience from the Rhône-Poulenc group and Rhodia group in which he held several 
executive positions for worldwide strategic business units such as Surfactants, Food Additives and 
then Silicones - Silica - Rare Earth based in France and in the USA. He was a member of Rhodia 
executive committee, Chief Executive Officer of Rhodia Silicones-Silica-Rare Earth Enterprise and 
also supervising the Rhodia group sales & marketing excellence program, before he joined the 
Bluestar group in 2007 after Bluestar’s acquisition of the Rhodia Silicones business. Mr. Olivier de 
Clermont-Tonnerre was then appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bluestar Silicones until 2010. He 
holds several degrees from French universities, including a degree in chemical engineering from 
Toulouse Institut Polytechniques, a Master in Economics from Paris- Nanterre University and an MBA 
from INSEAD. Mr. Olivier de Clermont-Tonnerre has been a board member since 2011 and is elected 
for a period of two years, with effect from 27 April 2022.  
Other directorships: He is currently a member of the board of directors of China National Bluestar 
Corp., Bluestar Elkem International Luxembourg, REC Solar, Nouvel Institut Franco-Chinois de Lyon 
and Société des Cincinnati de France. 
 
Board member – Yougen Ge  
Mr. Yougen Ge is currently serving as Associate Vice President and Director of the Planning 
Department of China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd. He has extensive professional experience 
from many subsidiaries of China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd., in which he has held various 
positions, including Deputy Director and Engineer in Xinghuo Chemical Plant, General Manager of 
Bluestar (Tianjin) Chemical Co., Ltd., Deputy Director of Silicones Division, China National Bluestar 
(Group) Co., Ltd,, General Manager and Member of the CPC Committee of Zhonglan Petrochemical. 
Mr. Yougen Ge obtained a bachelor degree in chemistry from Lanzhou University and an MBA from 
The Open University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yougen Ge has been a board member since 2019 is elected 
with term office until 202. 
 
Board member – Bo Li 
 
Mr. Bo Li is currently chair of the board of Bluestar, a chemical company concentrated in new 
materials and special products, and also the majority shareholder of Elkem. Mr. Bo Li holds a Master 
of science in chemical engineering from Dalian University of Technology From 2001, he has held 
various executive positions in Sinochem, the parent company of Bluestar. Mr. Bo Li was elected board 
member in an extraordinary general meeting in 2023, and has term office until the general meeting 
in 2025.

--- Page 22 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 44 
 
Board member - Grace Tang  
Ms. Grace Tang is a certified US public accountant as well as a fellow of Hong Kong Institute of 
certified accountants. Grace Tang began her career with PwC in Silicon Valley and was seconded to 
PwC Hong Kong in 1994. She has held several international leadership positions in PwC until her 
retirement in June 2020. She has been based in Beijing since 1998. Grace Tang is a US citizen and 
divides her time between Beijing and the US. Ms. Tang is appointed as a board member for a period 
of two years, with effect from 27 April 2021. 
Other directorships:  Ms. Tang serves on the audit committee of a company listed on NYSE and as a 
director of the Sunshine Leukemia foundation as well as being a patron to the Asia Liver Center with 
Stanford University. 
 
Board member – Nathalie Brunelle  
Ms. Nathalie Brunelle is a senior executive at TotalEnergies, an international multi-energy company 
based in Paris. She has more than 20 years experience in the petrochemicals industry, where she 
has developed skills in operations, business strategy, innovation & technology. She has been a 
member of the Refining & Chemicals Division management committee and has recently led a project 
for the creation of a new Innovation & Research center dedicated to low-carbon energies. She is a 
graduate from the Ecole Polytechnique in France (engineering degree) and the international course 
"Advanced Technology in Petrochemicals, Polymers & Plastics" at IFP school (Institut Français du 
Pétrole et des Energies Nouvelles, France) and Mc Gill university (Montreal, Canada). 
Other directorships:  Board director for EPC (Explosifs et Produits Chimiques), ENSTA Paris, IFP 
school. 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Marianne Færøyvik  
Ms. Marianne Færøyvik has been with Elkem since 1995. She has worked with engineering, technical 
development, project procurement, production improvement and manufacturing analysis in Elkem 
and is currently a senior chemical engineer. Ms. Marianne Færøyvik is educated at the Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and has a Ph.D. in Inorganic Chemistry, also from 
NTNU. She has been an employee representative director of the board since 2016. Prior to this, she 
was a deputy board member at the Elkem board of directors. 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Terje Andre Hanssen 
 
For the last ten years, Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen has also been the union leader of Fiskaa Verks 
Arbeiderforening (FVA, Fiskaa Plant Workers Union). Before Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen started working 
for Elkem, he worked at Hydro Aluminum Karmøy. Mr. Terje Andre Hanssen has been an employee 
of Elkem since 1998 and has served as an observer in the Elkem board since 2010. 
 
Board member (employee representative) - Thomas Eggan 
 
Mr. Thomas Eggan has been working at Elkem ASA Thamshavn since 2007 and as main union 
representative since 2020. He has experience from board work within politics, sports and unions, 
both as chair of the board and board member. 
Other directorships: Mr. Eggan is also a board member in “LO Orkland og Omegn” and chair of the 
board in Thamshavn Chemical Union.

--- Page 23 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 44 
 
CORPORATE MANAGEMENT: 
Name 
Position 
Helge Aasen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Morten Viga 
Chief Financial Officer 
Katja Lehland 
SVP Human Resources 
Morten Magnus Voll 
SVP Strategy and Business development 
Asbjørn Søvik 
SVP Green Ventures & Digital 
Håvard Moe 
SVP  Technology 
Louis Vovelle 
SVP Innovation and R&D 
Inge Grubben-Strømnes 
SVP Silicon Products 
Luiz Simao 
SVP Carbon Solutions 
Larry Zhang 
SVP Silicones 
 
Chief Executive Officer – Helge Aasen 
 
Mr. Helge Aasen has served as Elkem's Chief Executive Officer from 2009, with the exception of the 
period from 1 December 2019 to 1 July 2021 when he served as board member of Elkem ASA. In his 
more than 25 years at Elkem, Mr. Aasen has acquired a broad industrial experience of most of the 
company’s different functions, from sales through operations to logistics and purchasing. He has 
worked both at plants and in corporate functions internationally and in Norway. He holds a MSc in 
Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), and has participated 
in the executive leadership development programme at IMD in Switzerland. 
Directorships: Borregaard ASA. 
 
Chief Financial Officer - Morten Viga 
 
Mr. Morten Viga has been the Chief Financial Officer of Elkem since 2006 and has worked in Elkem 
since 2001. He held the post as Financial Director for the Silicon Materials division before he was 
appointed CFO for Elkem. In the course of his 19 years at Elkem, he has acquired a broad experience 
from corporate level and from divisional and plant level. Mr. Morten Viga holds a MSc in Economics 
and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
 
Senior Vice President Human Resources - Katja Lehland  
Ms. Katja Lehland has been the Chief Human Resources Officer at Elkem since 2011. She has worked 
in Elkem since 2006. Prior to her position in Elkem, Ms. Katja Lehland held several international HR 
Director-positions in Nokia, United Biscuits and Schindler where she served on the companies’ 
management teams and has also held several board positions. She has over her career acquired an 
extensive international business experience. Ms. Katja Lehland holds a BSc in Economics and 
Marketing and has completed high-level executive management development programmes. 
 
Senior Vice President for Strategy and Business Development - Morten Magnus Voll  
Mr. Morten Magnus Voll Started his role as SVP for Strategy and Business Development from 1 
February 2023. In the new role, he will be responsible for corporate strategy and business 
development, including mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and new growth projects supporting all of 
Elkem's business divisions. Mr. Voll comes from the role of VP Finance, IT and Supply Chain for the 
Silicones division in Elkem. He has close to 19 years’ experience in the company, including several 
global leadership roles. He started in the company as a business analyst and holds a Master of 
Technology degree from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Senior Vice President Green Ventures & Digital – Asbjørn Søvik  
Mr. Asbjørn Søvik has been the Senior Vice President of Green Ventures & Digital since 2022. Mr. 
Asbjørn Søvik has worked in Elkem since 1995 and was previously responsible for business 
development in Elkem corporate, and was the SVP Carbon of Elkem from 2007 to 2018. He has an

--- Page 24 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 44 
 
extensive international management experience from plants and divisions in the United States, Brazil 
and Norway. He has a broad experience from most of Elkem’s different functions, such as Raw 
Materials, Marketing & Sales, Energy, Operations and M&A. Mr. Asbjørn Søvik holds a MSc (Siving.) 
in Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and an MBA from 
IESE in Spain. 
 
Senior Vice President Technology – Håvard Moe 
 
Mr. Håvard Moe has been Elkem's Senior Vice President for Technology since 2008. He has worked 
with R&D, engineering, corporate procurement and industrial projects in Elkem. Prior to his position 
in Elkem, he held various management positions in ABB and Statoil. Mr. Håvard Moe has a broad 
international experience from technology development, digitalisation and execution of complex 
industrial projects. Since 2008, he has been in involved in all large greenfield and brownfield projects 
in Elkem, mainly in China, Norway, Canada, USA, France and Paraguay. Mr. Håvard Moe holds an 
MSc in Mechanical Engineering and a PhD in Chemical Engineering from the Norwegian University of 
Science and Technology (NTNU), and he has participated in the transition to general management 
programme at INSEAD in France. 
Directorships: Future Materials AS 
 
Senior Vice President Innovation and R&D – Louis Vovelle 
 
Dr. Louis Vovelle has been the Senior Vice President of Innovation and R&D at Elkem since 2015. He 
has worked both in corporate and divisional functions internationally. He has held the post as R&D 
Director for Elkem Silicones International (2007-2010), after which he was appointed Vice President 
for Innovation and Strategy of Elkem Silicones International (2010-2015). In the course of his 20 
years of experience as R&D director and Vice President in international companies (Rhône-Poulenc, 
Rhodia, Bluestar), he has developed a sustainable innovation and R&D vision for developing new 
products and new processes. During the last 8 years at Bluestar Silicones International and Elkem, 
an extensive R&D collaborative network has been created supported by Open Innovation with 
international universities, high schools and clusters in chemistry and materials. Dr. Louis Vovelle 
holds an Engineer diploma in Chemistry from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Chimie de Paris 
(1983), a PhD in Physics from Ecole Centrale de Lyon (1987), and has participated in the General 
Management Programme at CEDEP-INSEAD in France (1998-1999). 
Directorships: President of Axel One, board member of University of Lyon, president of TECHTERA, 
board member of AXELERA, strategic advisory board member of EUROPIC (European Consortium on 
Intensified processes), scientific advisory board member of International Symposium on Silicon 
Chemistry (ISOS). 
 
Senior Vice President Silicones - Larry Zhang 
 
Mr. Larry Zhang has been the Senior Vice President of Elkem’s Silicones division since 2022. He held 
the position as Vice President of the APAC Region Director of Silicones from 2019 and was appointed 
Vice President of Elkem Silicones Division Operations in early 2021. Mr. Larry Zhang has extensive 
experience from the China National Bluestar (Group) Co., Ltd, where he started his career. From 
1991 to 2011, Mr. Larry Zhang worked in industries including chemical cleaning, chemical production, 
petroleum refining and silicone, serving positions from technician to production supervisor, plant 
manager and senior executive position in listed companies. He has also served as deputy general 
manager of China National Bluestar, general manager of Jiangxi Bluestar Xinghuo Silicones Co. Ltd. 
and has been the chair of China Association of Flourine and Silicone industry since 2018. He 
graduated from Central South University with a bachelor's degree in 1991. 
Other directorship: Board Member of Elkem Silicones Shanghai. Chairman of Elkem Silicones Guang 
Dong Co. Ltd. Board.

--- Page 25 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 44 
 
Senior Vice President Silicon Products - Inge Grubben-Strømnes 
 
Mr. Inge Grubben-Strømnes has been the Senior Vice President of Silicon Products since 2020. Before 
that, he was the SVP of Elkem Carbon Solutions (2018-2020) and SVP of Business development in 
Elkem (2008-2018). He was also the Chief Executive Officer of Elkem Solar AS from 2012 to 2016. 
He has been with the company since 2005. Prior to his position in Elkem, he worked with McKinsey 
& Company for 4 years. Mr. Inge Grubben-Strømnes holds a MSc in Zoology and a Bachelor in Biology 
from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and an MBA from EM-Lyon. 
 
Senior Vice President Carbon Solutions - Luiz Simao 
 
Luiz Simao has been the Senior Vice President of Carbon Solutions since 2020. Previously he was the 
plant manager for Elkem Carbon Brazil, a role he has held since 2017. Before that, he has held a 
number of other leadership roles, including as Finance Director for the Carbon Solutions division. He 
has 15 years of Elkem experience. Prior to Elkem, Simao worked with Alcoa for 10 years. He holds 
an MSc in Industrial Engineering from Universidade Federal de São Carlos, an MBA from Ibmec and 
a BSc in Chemistry from Universidade de São Paulo. Simao is a Brazilian national. 
 
 
NOMINATION COMMITTEE 
The Company has a nomination committee comprising of: Sverre S. Tysland (Chair), he is a practicing 
lawyer independent from the Company, and the committee members; Dong Dachuan, representing 
the majority shareholder, and Anne Grethe Dalane, she is the Vice President Improvement Project 
Finance in Yara International ASA, also independent from the Company. 
 
The nomination committee shall make recommendations to the general meeting for the election of 
shareholder elected board members and members of the nomination committee, and the 
remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the nomination committee. 
 
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The board of directors has established an audit committee which is a working committee for the 
board of directors, preparing matters and acting in an advisory capacity. The audit committee is 
responsible for overseeing financial reporting and disclosure and assist the board of directors with 
assessments of the integrity of the company’s financial statements, financial reporting processes and 
internal controls, risk management and performance of the external auditor. 
The members of the audit committee are elected by and amongst the members of the board of 
directors for a term of up to two years and comprise the following persons: Dag Jakob Opedal (Chair), 
Grace Tang and Zhigang Hao.  
 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
 
The remuneration committee is a preparatory and advisory committee for the board of directors in 
questions relating to the company’s compensation of the executive management. The purpose of the 
remuneration committee is to ensure thorough and independent preparation of matters relating to 
compensation to the executive personnel. 
The members of the remuneration committee are elected by and amongst the members of the board 
of directors for a term of up to two years and are independent of the Company’s executive 
management. The remuneration committee comprises of the following persons: Bo Li (Chair), Olivier 
Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre and Marianne Elisabeth Johnsen.

--- Page 26 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 44 
 
All of the persons referred to in this section 7 of the Base Prospectus can be reached at the Company’s 
registered business address, and there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
carried out on behalf of the Company of the persons referred to in this section and their private 
interests or other duties.

--- Page 27 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 44 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital is NOK 3,197,206,890, divided into 639,441,378 ordinary shares, each 
with a nominal value of NOK 5. The shares in the Company are freely negotiable and there are no 
restrictions on any party’s ability to own, trade or vote for the share in the Company. Elkem ASA has 
only one class of shares. Each share grants the holder one vote and there are no structures granting 
disproportionate voting rights. The shares are registered in VPS under ISIN NO0010816093.  
The Elkem shares are listed on Oslo Børs. The ticker code is ELK.  
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Elkem ASA as of 15.12.2023: 
Name 
Shares 
% 
BLUESTAR ELKEM INT.CO.LTD S.A 
338 338 536 
52.91 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
27 267 701 
46.26 
MUST INVEST AS 
17 689 827 
2.77 
PARETO AKSJE NORGE VERDIPAPIRFOND 
15 078 026 
2.36 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET STOREBRAND NORGE 
8 744 397 
1.37 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
7 432 694 
1.16 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
6 629 830 
1.04 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
5 747 647 
0.90 
ELKEM ASA 
5 551 090 
0.87 
CAPE INVEST AS 
4 495 096 
0.70 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET FIRST GENERATOR 
4 275 874 
0.67 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
3 959 998 
0.62 
FORSVARETS PERSONELLSERVICE 
3 635 000 
0.57 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET FIRST GLOBALT 
3 320 000 
0.52 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET KLP AKSJENORGE IN 
2 996 846 
0.47 
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER 
3 000 884 
0.47 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
2 590 983 
0.41 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
2 552 846 
0.40 
BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN (LUX.) SCA 
2 304 023 
0.36 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG AKTIV 
2 142 317 
0.34 
 
Elkem ASA is owned 52.9% by Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd S.A., Luxembourg, which is 
under the control of Sinochem Holdings Co., Ltd (Sinochem), a company registered and domiciled in 
China. There are no measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Elkem has not been subject to any takeover bids during the last 12 months. There are no 
arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change of control of the Company. 
Related parties’ disclosure  
Information regarding related parties disclosure are described in note 32 in the consolidated financial 
statements and in note 26 in the financial statements in the Annual Report 2022. Please see the 
cross-reference list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 44 
 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
The consolidated financial statements of Elkem ASA are prepared and in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union (EU) and 
effective at 31 December 2022. The financial statements for the parent company have been prepared 
in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and generally accepted accounting principles in 
Norway. Elkem’s interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union. The condensed interim statements 
are prepared in compliance with the International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 Interim Financial 
Reporting and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements in Elkem’s 
Annual Report for 2022. 
The financial information of Elkem ASA is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross-reference 
list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Elkem ASA 
Parent 
Group 
Group 
Group 
  
  
2022 
2022 
H1 2023 
Q3 2023 
  
 
Audited 
Audited 
unaudited 
unaudited 
Income statement 
Page 256 
Page 164 
Page 9 
Page 9 
Balance sheet 
Page 257 
Page 166 
Page 11 
Page 11 
Cash flow statement 
Page 258 
Page 167 
Page 12 
Page 12 
Notes 
Page 259 – 290 
Page 170 - 253 
Page 14 - 24 
Page 14 - 21 
Accounting principles 
Page 259 – 264 
Page 170 - 172 
Page 14 
Page 14 
Auditors report 
Page 292 – 296 
Page 292 - 296 
- 
- 
 
2022:  
https://www.elkem.com/globalassets/corporate/documents/annual-report/elkem-annual-report-2022.pdf 
H1 2023: 
https://www.elkem.com/contentassets/d0e1e4bddc0148bd8238b7ecf9b23332/2023/elkem_asa_2q_2023_repo
rt.pdf 
Q3 2023: 
https://www.elkem.com/contentassets/d0e1e4bddc0148bd8238b7ecf9b23332/2023/elkem_asa_3q_2023_repo
rt.pdf 
 
The historical financial information for 2022 has been audited. The historical financial information 
for the interim reports has not been audited. 
  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
 
Financial statements and trend information 
Silicones prices in China improved late third quarter 2023, but the development going forward is 
uncertain. The markets in EMEA and Americas are still weak, although there are signs of improvement 
in some segments. The reference prices for silicon and ferrosilicon declined in third quarter 2023 and 
this will impact contract prices in the fourth quarter 2023. One furnace in Iceland will be out for 
approximately 10 weeks due to planned maintenance stop, which is expected to negatively impact 
EBITDA by NOK 50 million. The silicon market prices have increased recently.  Carbon Solutions 
facing weak demand for electrode paste due to lower production of steel and ferroalloys from key 
customer segments.

--- Page 29 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 44 
 
There is no significant change in the financial position of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which interim financial statements have been published. Furthermore, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of the last published audited 
financial statements, and there is no significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
since the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published 
to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than the above mentioned there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments 
or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company’s prospects for at least 
the current financial year.  
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Company’s and/or Group's financial position or profitability.  
 
SUMMARY OF DISCLOSED INFORMATION 
All of Elkem ASA’s announcements are available at NewsWeb:  
https://newsweb.oslobors.no/search?category=&issuer=12616&fromDate=2018-01-
01&toDate=&market=&messageTitle=4F5 
The below table is a summary of the information disclosed by the Company under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE LAWS 
OF A MEMBER STATE 
Date 
Description 
21.12.2023 Scope affirms Elkem's investment grade rating and changes outlook 
10.12.2023 Fire at Elkem Salten 
20.11.2023 Elkem ASA - Minutes from the extraordinary general meeting 2023 
13.11.2023 Elkem ASA - Disclosure of voting rights for the deputy chairman of the board of 
directors, Dag Jakob Opedal 
25.10.2023 Elkem ASA - Notice of extraordinary general meeting 
18.10.2023 Elkem ASA - Invitation to third quarter 2023 results presentation 
06.10.2023 Norwegian state budget for 2024 and impacts on Elkem 
25.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Exercise of share options under share incentive programme 
24.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Successful placement of senior unsecured green NOK bonds 
22.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Fixed income global investor call and contemplated NOK green bond 
issuance 
05.07.2023 Elkem ASA - Invitation to second quarter and half year 2023 results presentation 
22.05.2023 Financial calendar 
 
5 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 30 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 44 
 
22.05.2023 Financial calendar 
28.04.2023 Elkem ASA - Minutes from the annual general meeting 2023 
20.04.2023 Elkem ASA - Invitation to first quarter 2023 results presentation 
17.04.2023 Elkem ASA - Disclosure of voting rights at the annual general meeting 
30.03.2023 Elkem ASA - Notice of annual general meeting 2023 
08.02.2023 Elkem ASA - Key information relating to the proposed cash dividend 
31.01.2023 Elkem ASA - Invitation to fourth quarter 2022 results presentation 
 
 
ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date 
Description 
21.03.2023 Elkem ASA - Annual report for 2022 
  
  
HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS/LIMITED REVIEWS 
Date 
Description 
25.10.2023 Third quarter 2023: Weak profitability due to weak markets and one-offs 
14.07.2023 Second quarter 2023: An overall good performance in weak markets 
28.04.2023 First quarter 2023: Good result, but impacted by more challenging markets 
08.02.2023 Fourth quarter 2022 concludes a record year for Elkem 
 
 
ACQUISITION OR DISPOAL OF THE ISSUER'S OWN SHARES 
Date 
Description 
08.09.2023 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares - programme completed 
01.09.2023 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares 
25.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares 
18.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Buyback of shares 
14.08.2023 Elkem ASA - Initiation of a share buyback 
  
  
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS 
Date 
Description 
26.10.2023 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insider 
14.07.2023 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insider 
10.03.2023 Elkem ASA - Sale of shares under share incentive programme 
10.03.2023 Elkem ASA - Exercise of share options under share incentive programme 
01.03.2023 Elkem ASA - Mandatory notification of trade - primary insider 
09.02.2023 Elkem ASA - Sale of shares under share incentive programme 
09.02.2023 Elkem ASA - Exercise of share options under share incentive programme 
  
  
EX DATE 
Date 
Description 
02.05.2023 Elkem ASA - Ex dividend NOK 6.00 today

--- Page 31 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 44 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: www.elkem.com.

--- Page 32 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 44 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within any EEA country.   
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2. 
 
11.1 
SECURITIE TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the applicable Bond Terms. The specific reference to the Bond Terms will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described in 
the Bond Terms. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will available through 
the Issuer's website: www.elkem.com.  
Elkem ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Bond 
Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in 
aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 33 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 44 
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the 
Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of the Bond Terms at 
such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance 
of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
The different Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the 
Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for 
principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period.  
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each (30/360-days basis), unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or  
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms. Any interpolation will be quoted with the number of decimals 
corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.  
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Quotation Date during the term of the Bonds. 
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

--- Page 34 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 44 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may issue “Green Bonds”. If so, the proceeds from the bond issue shall be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s green bond framework that will be available through the Issuer's 
website: www.elkem.com. The specific link will be published in the applicable Final Terms together 
with the second opinion. 
11.2.7 Status 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu 
between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save 
for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of 
general application). 
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue, or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 98,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any 
payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents. 
The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents: 
(i) 
gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to 
ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount 
which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have 
been received if no withholding had been required; and 
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required 
tax deduction or withholding has been made.

--- Page 35 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 44 
 
Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the 
Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible 
for reimbursing any such fees. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on 
bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
 
11.2.11 Rating  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Scope Ratings GmbH (Scope) has assigned the Issuer a rating 
of BBB/Negative. Scope has affirmed the S-2 short-term rating and BBB senior unsecured debt rating. 
Credit Ratings at the BBB level reflect an opinion of good credit quality. Credit Ratings at the S-2 
level reflect an opinion of low credit risk with good capacity to repay short-term obligations.  
Scope’ long-term Credit Ratings are expressed with symbols from AAA, which reflect an opinion of 
exceptionally strong credit quality to D/SD, which reflect a default situation with average to low or 
no recoveries. A Credit Rating can be accompanied by a Credit Rating Outlook, which can be Stable, 
Positive or Negative. The Positive and Negative Outlooks normally refer to a period of 12-18 months. 
These Outlooks provide an indication of the most likely direction of a potential rating change.  
Scope is established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and are on the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
on ESMA website: https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk5F6. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the Rating Agency at any time. 
 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including 
any Temporary Bonds.  
 
Bond Terms: 
Means the terms and conditions, including all attachments 
which form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
 
6 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 36 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 44 
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bonds: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD 
from time to time. 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system 
is open, and the relevant settlement system for the Bond 
currency is open. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls 
on a day that is not a Business Day: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
If exercising a Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date 
indicated pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 37 of 44 
 
Change of Control Event: 
Means a person or group of persons acting in concert, other 
than China National Bluestar Co. Ltd, or any company controlled 
(directly or indirectly) by Sinochem Holdings Co., Ltd., gaining 
Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
  
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository: Euronext Securities Oslo (“Verdipapirsentralen” or 
“VPS”), P.O. Box 1174, 0107 Oslo. 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest shall be: 
 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
(30/360-days basis), unless:  
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Interpretation in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange or 
other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer 
has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin.

--- Page 38 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 38 of 44 
 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Interpretation 
in the Bond Terms, provided however that an Interest Period 
shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Date: 
The date of the Bond Issue.  
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issuer: 
Elkem ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
911 
382 
008 
and 
LEI-code 
549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
of the Issuer. 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 39 of 44 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds 
belonging to the same issue. In the event of a tap issue, the tap 
issue will automatically be admitted to trading as soon as Oslo 
Børs is informed of the change in outstanding volume. 
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into. 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date where the Outstanding Bonds are paid in full, 
adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being  
a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time) 
on the Interest Quotation Day; or 
b) if no screen rate is available for the interest rate under 
paragraph (a) for the relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same number 
of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or  
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond 
Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number 
of commercial banks reasonably selected by the 
Bond Trustee; or

--- Page 40 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 40 of 44 
 
c) if the interest rate under paragraph (a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee 
in consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or  
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest rate 
for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate 
will be deemed to be zero. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR and its volatility can be obtained at: https://nore-
benchmarks.com/about-nibor/nibor-data/rates/    
Access to the NIBOR rates and monthly statistics is restricted to 
authenticated users. Redistribution or commercial exploitation 
of the NIBOR data is prohibited. You will require a subscription 
or register for an account. 
 
If other Reference Rates than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the nominal value of each Bond at any time. The Nominal 
Amount may be amended pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. 
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 41 of 44 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
Means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway. 
 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment, any Call Option Repayment Date, 
any Default Repayment Date, any Put Option Repayment Date, 
the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date. The 
Repayments dates will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Tap 
Issues in the Bond Terms. If NA is specified in respect of 
Maximum Issue Amount no Tap Issues may be made under the 
Bond Terms. Otherwise, Tap Issues shall be allowed on the 
terms set out in the Clause Tap Issues in the Bond Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» 
 
https://finansfag.no/publikasjoner/6F7 
prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in March 2022. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
 
 
 
7 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 42 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 42 of 44 
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1.

--- Page 43 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 43 of 44 
 
12. Cross reference list 
 
In section 5 of this Base Prospectus an overview of Elkem ASA’s subsidiaries and joint operations are 
described in note 4 in the 2022 Annual Report consolidated financial statements. 
In section 8 of this Base Prospectus information regarding related parties disclosure are described in 
note 32 in the consolidated financial statements and in note 26 in the financial statements in the 
Annual Report 2022. 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following: 
• 
Information concerning Elkem ASA’s 2022 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Annual Report 2022. 
• 
Information concerning Elkem ASA’s H1 2023 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Second quarter and half year results 2023. 
• 
Information concerning Elkem ASA’s Q3 2023 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Third quarter results 2023. 
  
The financial report is available at: 
2022: https://www.elkem.com/globalassets/corporate/documents/annual-report/elkem-annual-
report-2022.pdf 
H1 2023: 
https://www.elkem.com/contentassets/d0e1e4bddc0148bd8238b7ecf9b23332/2023/elkem_asa_2
q_2023_report.pdf 
Q3 2023: 
https://www.elkem.com/contentassets/d0e1e4bddc0148bd8238b7ecf9b23332/2023/elkem_asa_3
q_2023_report.pdf

--- Page 44 ---
Elkem ASA – 29.01.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 44 of 44 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 45 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 46 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Elkem ASA dated 29.01.2024 and any supplements to the 
Base Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.elkem.com

--- Page 47 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration of 
the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all 
or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read together 
with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, 
when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key 
information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled in 
Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, including the Public 
Limited Companies Act. The Company’s registration number is 911 
382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76.   
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 29.01.2024, approved 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Elkem ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled 
in Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, including the Public 
Limited Companies Act. The Company’s registration number is 911 
382 008 and LEI-code 549300CVBE06T0SH6T76.   
Website: www.elkem.com     
Principal activities 
Elkem is a fully integrated producer with operations throughout the 
silicon value chain from quartz to silicon and downstream silicone 
specialities as well as speciality ferrosilicon alloys and carbon 
materials. Elkem has organised its operations into three business 
divisions: Silicones, a fully integrated silicones producer; Silicon 
Products, a provider of silicon, ferrosilicon, foundry alloys, Microsilica 
and related speciality products; and Carbon Solutions, a supplier of 
electrode paste and speciality products to the ferroalloys, silicon and 
aluminium industries.  
Major Shareholders 
Elkem ASA is owned 52.9% by Bluestar Elkem International Co. Ltd 
S.A., Luxembourg, which is under the control of Sinochem Holdings 
Co., Ltd (Sinochem), a company registered and domiciled in China. 
Key managing directors 
Helge Aasen - Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 48 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
Morten Viga - Chief Financial Officer 
Katja Lehland - SVP Human Resources 
Morten Magnus Voll - SVP Strategy and Business development 
Asbjørn Søvik - SVP Green Ventures & Digital 
Håvard Moe - SVP Technology 
Louis Vovelle - SVP Innovation and R&D 
Larry Zhang - SVP Silicones  
Inge Grubben-Strømnes - SVP Silicon Products 
Luiz Simao - 
SVP Carbon Solutions 
 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is KPMG AS, Sørkedalsveien 6, 0369 Oslo, 
Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 7000 Majorstuen, 0306 Oslo, Norway. 
KPMG AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Elkem ASA 
 
 
Parent 
Group 
Group 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
  
2022 
2022 
H1 2023 
YTD Q3 2023 
(Amounts in NOK million) 
 
 
Audited 
Audited 
unaudited 
unaudited 
Operating profit 
 
            7 543            12 414              1 972              1 755  
Profit for the year/period 
 
            5 990              9 642              1 044                610  
 
 
  
  
  
  
BALANCE SHEET 
 
  
  
  
  
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
 
2 302 
 2 615 
 8 191 
 8 107 
 
 
  
  
  
  
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flow from operating activites 
 
            5 314              9 314              1 845              3 231  
Cash flow from investment activites 
 
          (3 089)           (4 404)           (2 885)           (4 302) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
          (1 169)           (2 899)           (1 927)              (505) 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most 
material 
key 
risk 
factors 
• The silicon-based advanced materials and chemical industries, 
including the production and sale of silicones, silicon-based 
materials, foundry products and carbon, has been in the past, and 
may be in the future, subject to economic downturns, market 
disruptions and fluctuations in market price and demand which 
could lead to volatility in the Group’s revenues. 
• The business of the Group is particularly sensitive to increases in 
electricity costs. 
• Costs of compliance with climate change laws and regulations and 
other specific emissions-related laws, could adversely affect Elkem’s 
operations and performance. 
• There are risks to Elkem’s global business relating to the countries 
in which Elkem operates that could materially and adversely impact 
its earnings or materially and adversely affect an investment in 
Elkem. 
• International and geopolitical conflicts, and trade barriers, sanctions 
and export control may have a negative effect on the Group's 
operations.

--- Page 49 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability 
of 
the 
securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability of 
the Bonds.] / [Other: specify] 
 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Credit risk - the risk that Elkem ASA fails to make the required 
payments under the bonds. 
• 
Market risk - there is a risk that the value of the bonds will 
decrease due to the change in market conditions. 
• 
Security - unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds. 
• 
Liquidity risk - missing demand of the bonds may incur a loss on 
the bondholder. 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Elkem ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration number 911 382 008 and LEI-code 
549300CVBE06T0SH6T76. 
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate. 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 51 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status, security and special conditions:  
 
Use of proceeds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security, and any “Special conditions” including any 
definitions defining the conditions] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.]

--- Page 52 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 
15] / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.elkem.com  
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and address of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and address of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created/

--- Page 53 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 54 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.11. 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved natural and legal persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor 
conflicting interests that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other:  Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Elkem ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The Manager[s] 
has acted as advisor to Elkem ASA in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 55 ---
Elkem ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
11 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]