--- Page 1 ---
Ellevio AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden with registered number 556037-7326) 
(Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400VVAMAJWNK9IT79) 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Multicurrency programme for the issuance of Bonds 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Ellevio Holding 4 AB
(Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400E6XE6CUZ3KVK02) 
 (incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden with registered number 559005-2451)
Ellevio AB (publ) (“Ellevio” or the “Issuer”) has established a multicurrency programme for the issuance of bonds (the “Bonds”) from time to 
time denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Ellevio Holding 4 AB (the “Guarantor”) has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable 
by the Issuer under the Trust Deed (as defined below), each Class (as defined below) of Bonds, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons 
(as defined below). Its obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the STID (as defined below). This Prospectus has been 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves the Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of 
the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. 
Such approval relates only to Bonds that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Euronext Dublin Regulated Market”) of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Bonds issued under the EUR10,000,000,000 multicurrency programme (the 
“Bond Programme”) during the period of 12 months after the date hereof, to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
and to be listed on the official list (the “Official List”) of Euronext Dublin. References in this Prospectus to Bonds being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Bonds are intended to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and are intended to be 
listed on the Official List. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). The Bond Programme provides that Bonds may be 
listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Bonds. 
This Prospectus will be valid for a year from 22 May 2023. The obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis 
to one or more of the Dealers specified under Chapter 3 (“The Parties”) and any additional Dealer appointed under the Bond Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Prospectus to the “Relevant Dealer”, in the case of an issue of Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, shall be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe to such Bonds. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Bond (as defined below) will be exchangeable for interests in Permanent Global Bonds or definitive 
securities in bearer form on or after the date 40 days after the later of the completion of the offering and the relevant issue date, upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described in Chapter 9 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”) under “Form, 
Denomination and Title”. 
See Chapter 2 (“Risk Factors”) for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Bonds. 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
Dealers

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Prospectus dated 22 May 2023
BNP PARIBAS 
NatWest Markets 
SEB 
 
ING

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
ELECTRONIC NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE 
UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to this 
Prospectus attached to this electronic transmission and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of this Prospectus. In accessing this Prospectus, 
you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time 
you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE BONDS OF THE ISSUER IN THE UNITED STATES OR 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE BONDS AND THE 
GUARNATEES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE BONDS AND THE GUARANTEES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT). IN ADDITION, 
BEARER BONDS ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS AND MAY NOT AT ANY TIME 
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR ITS POSSESSIONS OR TO 
A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, 
AND U.S. TREASURY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER), EXCEPT IN CERTAIN 
TRANSACTIONS 
PERMITTED 
BY 
U.S. 
TREASURY 
REGULATIONS. 
THE 
FOLLOWING 
PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY 
NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
 
This Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this 
Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located 
and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Prospectus electronically or otherwise to any other 
person. In order to be eligible to view this Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the 
securities, investors must not be U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
This Prospectus is being sent at your request and, by accessing this Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have 
confirmed and represented to us that: (i) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you 
consent to delivery of this Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto by electronic transmission; 
(iii) you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) or acting for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person and the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this 
email has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or the 
District of Columbia; and (iv) if you are a person in the United Kingdom, you are a person who: (A) has 
professional experience in matters relating to investments; or (B) is a high net worth entity falling within 
Articles 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or a 
certified high net worth individual within Article 48 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the 
offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and NatWest Markets N.V., BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V. or 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Affiliate of any of the above is a licensed broker or dealer in 
that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by NatWest Markets N.V., BNP Paribas, ING Bank 
N.V. or Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or such Affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
This Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via 
this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of 
the Issuer or any of NatWest Markets N. V., BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V. or Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) (nor any person who controls any of them respectively or any director, officer, employee or agent of 
any of them respectively or Affiliate of any such person) accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in 
respect of any difference between the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy 
version available to you on request from NatWest Markets N.V., BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V. and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
If you receive this Prospectus by email, you should not reply by email to this announcement, and you may not 
purchase any securities by doing so. 
If you receive this Prospectus by email, your use of this email is at your own risk and it is your responsibility 
to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
Under the Bond Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from 
time to time issue Bonds in bearer and/or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Bonds” and “Registered 
Bonds”). Copies of each of the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) will be available in 
electronic form on the Issuer’s website at https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-
and-governance/financial-reports-documents/ 
and 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin, provided that, in the case of Bonds which are not listed on any 
stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Bondholders. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Bond 
Programme will not exceed EUR10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the Issue Price (as defined in the Glossary 
of Defined Terms) and any other conditions not contained herein, which are applicable to each Series (all as 
defined below) will be set forth in a final terms (the “Final Terms”) or a drawdown prospectus (the “Drawdown 
Prospectus”) which, in the case of Bonds to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be delivered 
to the Central Bank and filed with Euronext Dublin on or before the relevant date of issue of the Bonds of such 
Tranche. 
Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Bond Programme will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series 
of Bonds may be Fixed Rate, Floating Rate or Index-Linked Bonds and may be denominated in krona, sterling, 
euro, U.S. dollars or Norwegian kroner (or in other currencies subject to compliance with applicable laws). 
Bonds may be issued in one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”), the specific terms of each Tranche being 
identical in all respects, save for the issue dates, interest commencement dates and/or issue prices, to the terms 
of the other Bonds of such Tranches. 
Amounts payable under the Bonds may be calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR, which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), (ii) STIBOR, which is provided by Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (“SFBF”), (iii) NIBOR, which is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
(“NoRe”) or such other reference rate as may be specified in a Drawdown Prospectus. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, IBA, EMMI and SFBF appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Market Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”).  
The Bonds are expected on issue to have the following credit ratings: 
Class 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
Class A Bonds
 .......................................................................................................  
 
BBB 
Class B Bonds
 .......................................................................................................  
 
BB+ 
 
As defined by Standard & Poor’s, a BBB rating indicates that the Bond exhibits adequate protection parameters. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. 
As defined by Standard & Poor’s, a BB+ rating indicates that the Bond has significant speculative 
characteristics but that it is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues. However, it faces 
major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions that could lead 
to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. 
The addition of the plus (+) sign indicates a ranking at the higher end of the ‘BB’ rating category. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Community and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) as applicable. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus will be treated for the 
purposes of the EU CRA Regulation as having been issued by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard 
& Poor’s”). Standard & Poor’s is a credit rating agency established and operating in the European Community 
and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. For the purposes of the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings 
issued by Standard & Poor’s have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Bonds will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Ratings ascribed to all of the Bonds reflect only the views of the Rating Agencies. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by any one or all of the Rating Agencies. A suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Bonds may adversely affect the market price of such 
Bonds. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. These lists must be updated within 5 working days of 
the adoption by  ESMA or the FCA, respectively, of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation respectively. However, such lists are not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated list.  
Each Series of Bonds in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global bond in bearer form 
(each a “Temporary Global Bond”) or a permanent global bond in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global 
Bond”). If the Global Bonds are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global bond (“NGN”) 
form, the Global Bonds will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Bonds in registered form will be represented by 
registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Bondholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Bonds of one Series. Registered Bonds issued in global form will be represented by 
registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Bonds to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Bonds which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Bonds” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates 
which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
In relation to any issue of Bonds which are issued in bearer form and will be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Bonds in circumstances other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Bond, such Bonds may only be issued in denominations equal 
to, or greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and multiples thereof.  
In the case of any Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of the relevant 
Bonds). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Bond Trustee that Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Conditions (as defined below), in which event (in the case of Bonds admitted to the Official 
List only) a Drawdown Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Bonds. 
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 added a new Section 
13 to the United States Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (such section and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder commonly known, collectively, as the “Volcker Rule”). The Volcker Rule generally prohibits 
“banking entities” (which are broadly defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many 
non-U.S. banking entities, together with their respective subsidiaries and affiliates) from (i) engaging in 
proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsorship in a “covered fund” and 
(iii) entering into “covered transactions” with a “covered fund”, subject to certain exceptions and exclusions. 
Covered transactions include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction or guaranteeing notes if the 
swap or the guarantee would result in a credit exposure to the covered fund. The Issuer and the Guarantor 
believe that they are not, and after giving effect to any offering and sale of the Bonds and the application of the 
proceeds thereof will not be, a “covered fund” as defined in the Volcker Rule. In reaching this conclusion, 
although other exclusions from the Volcker Rule may be available, the Issuer and the Guarantor believe that 
they do not fall within the definition of "investment company" in Section 3(a) of the Investment Company Act 
of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”), and so would not be a “covered fund”. The general effects of the 
Volcker Rule remain uncertain. Any prospective investor in the Bonds, including a U.S. or foreign bank or a

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisors regarding such matters and other 
effects of the Volcker Rule. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating To Regulatory and Legislative Matters—The 
general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain".

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This prospectus (the “Prospectus”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and, in respect of  Chapter 3 
(“The Parties”), Chapter 4 (“Overview of the Programme”), Chapters 6 (“Description of Ellevio”), 7 (“Selected 
Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is Subject”), 8 (“Selected Financial Overview of Ellevio”), 
Chapter 9 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”), Chapter 13 (“Description of the Guarantor”), Chapter 16 
(“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”) and Chapter 20 (“General 
Information”), the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus insofar as 
it relates to the Guarantor or the Guarantee. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the 
information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
The information relating to the Hedge Counterparties and Liquidity Facility Providers contained in Chapter 14 
(“Description of the Hedge Counterparties”) and Chapter 15 (“Description of the Liquidity Facility Providers”) 
was provided by the Hedge Counterparties and Liquidity Facility Providers, respectively. The information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the Hedge Counterparties and Liquidity Facility Providers, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where information has been indicated to have been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
The attached document is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic 
Area who are “Qualified Investors” (within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation). In 
addition, in the United Kingdom, the attached document is being distributed only to and is directed only at 
Qualified Investors within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”): (a) who are persons 
who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Order”); or (b) who are 
high net worth entities falling within Article 49 of the Order, and other persons to whom it may otherwise 
lawfully be communicated under the Order (all such persons together referred to as “relevant persons”). Any 
investment or investment activity to which the document relates is available only to: (i) in the United Kingdom, 
relevant persons; and (ii) in any member state of the European Economic Area, Qualified Investors, and will be 
engaged in only with such persons. In the case of any Securities being offered to a financial intermediary in 
member states of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom as that term is used in Article 5(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation respectively, such financial intermediary will also 
be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that the Securities acquired by it in the offer have 
not been acquired on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their 
offer or resale to, any person in circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any Securities to the public 
other than their offer or resale in a relevant member state to Qualified Investors as so defined or in circumstances 
in which the prior consent of the Dealers has been obtained to each such proposed offer or resale. 
Copies of each set of Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of Bonds to be admitted to the Official 
List) will be available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-
Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-documents/ and from the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. The contents of these websites, other than copies of those

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of this Prospectus. See also Chapter 20 (“General Information”) for more details. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make representations other than the information 
or the representations contained in this Prospectus in connection with the Issuer, the Security Group or the 
offering or sale of the Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any offering or sale of Bonds made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, constitute a representation or create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all information in this 
Prospectus is given on the date of this Prospectus. This document does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, any Dealer or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Bonds. 
Save for the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein (other than, in respect 
of the Guarantor, the information in Chapter 13 (Description of the Guarantor)). Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any party 
(other than the Issuer) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Bonds or their distribution (other than, in respect of the 
Guarantor, the information in Chapter 13 (Description of the Guarantor)). The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Issuer. Each person receiving this Prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on any Dealer, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee or the Security 
Trustee or any other party in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision.  
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Bonds shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Bond Programme is correct or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other 
party expressly undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Bond 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Bonds. 
This Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee 
or any other party that any recipient of this Prospectus should purchase any of the Bonds. 
Each person contemplating making an investment in the Bonds must make its own investigation and analysis 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, its own determination of the suitability of any such investment with 
particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience and any other factors which may be 
relevant to it in connection with such investment. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to 
the risks involved in investing in the Bonds should consult independent professional advisers. Any prospective 
Bondholder should take its own legal, financial, accounting, tax and other relevant advice as to the structure 
and viability of its investment. 
THE BONDS AND THE GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. IN ADDITION, BEARER BONDS ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. 
TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS AND MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR ITS POSSESSIONS OR TO A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE 
U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND U.S. TREASURY REGULATIONS 
PROMULGATED THEREUNDER), EXCEPT IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS PERMITTED BY U.S. 
TREASURY REGULATIONS. 
 
THE BONDS ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS WHO 
ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“REGULATION S”)) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND 
CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF BONDS AND 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PROSPECTUS SEE CHAPTER 18 (“SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”). 
THE BONDS AND THE GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF 
BONDS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
WHILE THE ISSUER BELIEVES THAT IT IS NOT, IT MAY BE A “COVERED FUND” FOR PURPOSES 
OF REGULATIONS ADOPTED UNDER SECTION 13 OF THE BANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 
1956, AS AMENDED, COMMONLY KNOWN AS THE “VOLCKER RULE”. 
This Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Central Bank as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank, will be filed with the Irish Companies Registration Office in 
accordance with Regulation 38(1)(b) of the Prospectus Regulations. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated 
by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Bonds. Any investment in the Bonds does not have the status of a 
bank deposit and is not within the scope of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering, sale or delivery of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger, to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds and on distribution of this Prospectus, see Chapter 18 (“Subscription 
and Sale”). This Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to or 
solicitation by any person to subscribe or purchase any Bonds in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in 
which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. All references herein to “€”, “euro”, “EUR” 
or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, from time to time, 
all references to “pounds”, “sterling”, “Sterling “, “GBP” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, all references to “krona”, “Krona”, “Swedish Krona” or “SEK” are to the lawful currency of 
Sweden. all references to “$”, “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, and all references to “Norwegian kroner” or “NOK” are to the lawful currency of 
Norway. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates accepts 
any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green” or “sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, 
Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets (as defined in Chapter 12 (Use of Proceeds) of this Prospectus), any

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the 
Ellevio Green Bond Framework (as defined in Chapter 12 (Use of Proceeds) of this Prospectus) nor are they 
responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Assets. The Ellevio Green Bond Framework, the External Review (as defined in Chapter 12 
(Use of Proceeds) of this Prospectus) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
application 
of 
proceeds 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-information/2023/green_finance_framework_2023.pdf 
but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, 
Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or content of such 
materials. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of each of the MiFID 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”) 
and the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules and/or the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Bonds, a Dealer (if any) disclosed as the 
stabilising manager in the applicable Drawdown Prospectus or any person acting for him may over-allot 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Bonds of the Series of which such 
Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no 
assurance that the stabilising manager or any agent of his will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager or any person acting for him in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning events and trends that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
cause the actual results and financial position of Ellevio to differ materially from the information presented 
herein. When used in this Prospectus, the words "estimate", "project", "intend", "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"should" and similar expressions, as they relate to Ellevio and its management, are intended to identify such 
forward-looking statements. Ellevio does not undertake any obligation to publicly release the result of any 
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect 
the occurrence of unanticipated events. Any forward looking statements contained in this Prospectus speak only 
as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 111 to 150 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 18 December 2017 (https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2017/ellevio-emtn-prospectus-dec-2017.pdf);  
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 109 to 150 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 15 May 2020  (https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/ellevio-20200515-emtn_prospectus.pdf);  
(c) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 in 
respect of Ellevio AB (publ) prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP (RFR2) together with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
(https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2021/ellevio_ar21_en_web.pdf), each of which have been previously published or 
are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central 
Bank;  
(d) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 in 
respect of Ellevio AB (publ) prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP (RFR2) together with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2022/ellevio_ar22_en_web.pdf, each of which have been previously published or are 
published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(e) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 in 
respect of Ellevio Holding 4 AB prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP together with the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2021/annual-report-2021-ellevio-holding-4-ab-eng2.pdf, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
filed with the Central Bank;  
(f) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 in 
respect of Ellevio Holding 4 AB prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP together with the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2022/annual-report-2022-ellevio-holding-4-ab-eng2.pdf, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
filed with the Central Bank,  
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any such subsequent document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this 
Prospectus. Any information or documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. Where only certain parts of 
a document are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant 
to the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-
governance/financial-reports-documents/. The hyperlinks included in this Prospectus, other than those set out

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
above, or included in any documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, and the websites and their 
content are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission of the Bonds to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin, that, if any significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Prospectus arises or is noted which may affect the assessment of any Bonds whose inclusion 
would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would reasonably be expected 
by them to be found in this Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Bonds, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Bonds and will supply to each Dealer and the Bond 
Trustee such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement prospectus as such Dealer and Bond 
Trustee may reasonably request. The Issuer will also supply to the Central Bank such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto or replacement prospectus as may be required by the Central Bank and will make copies 
available, free of charge, at the Issuer’s website https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-
Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-documents/. If the terms of the Bond Programme are 
modified or amended in a manner which would make this Prospectus, as so modified or amended, inaccurate 
or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Bonds to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplemental 
prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In the following paragraphs, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Bonds, the information material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Bonds and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Bonds which may 
be issued under the Bond Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Bonds which is not known at the date of this 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Bonds which is not included in this Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Bonds will be contained in the relevant Final 
Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any 
such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Prospectus in 
which case such information, together with all of the necessary information in relation to the Bonds, may be 
contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Bond Trustee 
that Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions (as defined below), in which event (in 
the case of Bonds admitted to the Official List only) a Drawdown Prospectus will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Bonds. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted 
by a single document containing the necessary information. 
For a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
CHAPTER 1 OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................18 
CHAPTER 2 RISK FACTORS .........................................................................................................................21 
CHAPTER 3 THE PARTIES ............................................................................................................................44 
CHAPTER 4 OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................47 
CHAPTER 5 OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCING STRUCTURE ..................................................................58 
CHAPTER 6 DESCRIPTION OF ELLEVIO ...................................................................................................61 
CHAPTER 7 SELECTED ASPECTS OF SWEDISH REGULATION TO WHICH  ELLEVIO IS SUBJECT
 ..................................................................................................................................................................99 
CHAPTER 8 SELECTED FINANCIAL OVERVIEW OF ELLEVIO ........................................................... 110 
CHAPTER 9 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS ...................................................................... 113 
CHAPTER 10 FORM OF FINAL TERMS .....................................................................................................158 
CHAPTER 11 PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........................172 
CHAPTER 12 USE OF PROCEEDS ..............................................................................................................174 
CHAPTER 13 DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ..............................................................................176 
CHAPTER 14 DESCRIPTION OF THE HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES ......................................................179 
CHAPTER 15 DESCRIPTION OF THE LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS .........................................184 
CHAPTER 16 SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND THE BOND PROGRAMME 
DOCUMENTS........................................................................................................................................187 
CHAPTER 17 TAX CONSIDERATIONS ......................................................................................................232 
CHAPTER 18 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................235 
CHAPTER 19 CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .........................................................................................241 
CHAPTER 20 GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................242 
CHAPTER 21 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................247

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
CHAPTER 1 
OVERVIEW 
Ellevio AB (publ), corporate registration number 556037-7326, is one of Sweden’s largest electricity. Ellevio 
owns, operates and develops regional and local electricity grids in order to ensure a reliable electricity supply 
to its 971,000 customers.  The availability in Ellevio’s grid was 99.98 per cent. in 2022 and in total the network 
is almost 80,000 km long, corresponding to almost two trips around the Earth.1 
Ellevio consists of six networks – two regional networks that operate under line concessions (Sw. 
linjekoncession) (the “Line Concessions”) and four local networks that operate under area concessions (Sw. 
områdeskoncession) (the “Area Concessions”) (the Line Concessions and the Area Concessions, together the 
“Concessions”), all of which are licenced and regulated by the Swedish Energy Markets Inspectorate (“Ei”). 
As part of the licensing conditions in Sweden, Ellevio is a monopoly serving all customers in the regions in 
which it operates.  The main proportion of Ellevio’s networks are located in rural areas, but approximately 62 
per cent. of Ellevio’s customers are in Stockholm. 
In 2022, Ellevio delivered approximately 25 TWh of electricity.2 Ellevio has delivered between 25 and 27.5 
TWh of electricity annually since 2018.3  In 2022, Ellevio generated net sales of SEK 7,535 million4 and an 
EBITDA of SEK 3,918 million5. 
Ellevio’s Shareholders 
Ellevio’s operations are stable and have a long-term investment horizon. At the same time, a shareholding in 
network companies requires extensive access to capital and long-term responsibility for critical infrastructure. 
As at the date hereof, Ellevio is owned by four pension funds. Omers Infrastructure (50%), the Third National 
Pension Fund (20%), Folksam (17.5%) and AMF (12.5%) (together the “Shareholders”). 
Ellevio’s Key Credit Strengths 
Ellevio believes it has a number of key operational and credit strengths. These are outlined below. 
A key player in the energy transition 
 
Changing production patterns – more renewable, weather-dependent and locally produced electricity 
– together with the electrification of society in general and the transport and industry sectors in 
particular, put the electricity network in middle of the energy transformation 
 
Strong trends in the society supporting the demand for reliable and flexible electricity distribution 
where the smart grid development will secure reliability in a renewable energy system 
 
Ellevio is well positioned for growth both via business development and via acquisitions.   
 
1 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022 
2 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022 
3 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022 
4 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022 
5 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022. EBITDA is an alternative performance measure with the definition: Operating profit plus depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Strong financial & operational performance 
 
Operating as a fully regulated business, Ellevio has delivered strong financial results. Net sales 2022 
amounted to SEK 7,535 million and EBITDA for the same year amounted to SEK 3,918 million.6  
 
Stable financials with headroom under covenants and diversified financing platform in place 
 
Balanced investment programme focusing on ensuring a modern and future-proof electricity grid that 
meets the needs of a modern electrified sustainable society. 
Experienced management team and owners 
 
An experienced management team with significant experience from the electricity distribution industry. 
 
Experienced and committed owners with a long-term horizon on the investment. 
 
The regulatory framework in which Ellevio operates 
Sweden’s electricity market was reformed in 1996. Since that date, trade and production of electricity has been 
exposed to competition, while network operations (such as those performed by Ellevio) have been operated by 
a large number of regulated regional monopolies. 
The Swedish Electricity Act (Sw. ellagen (1997:857)) (the “EA”) provides regulation in relation to electricity 
distribution and is complemented by ordinances issued by the Swedish Government (for example, the 
Electricity Ordinance, which regulates concession applications and lays out the methodology of revenue 
calculations for DSOs). DSOs are regulated by the Swedish regulator, the Swedish Energy Market Inspectorate 
(“Ei”) which supervises implementation of the EA. The Ei monitors and analyses the development of the 
electricity markets and submits proposals for changes to regulations or other measures that may improve how 
the markets function. DSOs have discretion to set distribution tariffs within the regulatory framework. The 
concept of regulatory periods was introduced in 2012.  
The ex-ante-regulation in Sweden means that the Ei determines the revenues that the DSOs are allowed to have, 
which in turn regulates the total amount of electricity network tariffs that may be charged the customers during 
a four year regulatory period (revenue caps). The first revenue caps were decided for the first regulatory period 
2012-2015 (“RP1”). 
The current method for determining the revenue caps is based on four main components: (i) capital 
compensation, comprising capital cost and a rate of return on the regulatory asset base; (ii) non-controllable 
costs; (iii) controllable costs; and (iv) quality incentive and any regulatory surplus/deficit from the previous 
regulatory period. The current framework is based on a calculation of the capital base in accordance with a 
capacity-preserving method. Following new case law from the EU and national courts, the current regulatory 
method and framework for revenue caps is under review and may be subject to changes. The Ei is also in the 
process of determining a new method for calculating the revenue caps for the regulatory period 2024-2027 
(“RP4”). The new method is not presented yet but it has been indicated by the Ei that it will be based on an 
asset-preserving principle and that also other parts of the method may be changed in order to secure that the 
compensation to the DSOs is reasonable.7 Hence, it is unknown how the future revenue caps for Ellevio’s grid 
operations will be determined. The revenue caps for the regulatory period 2020-2023 (“RP3”) is also still under 
assessment and not determined yet, following judgments from the Administrative Courts whereby the Ei’s first 
 
6 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022. EBITDA is an alternative performance measure with the definition: Operating profit plus depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
decisions on the revenue caps for RP3 were repealed. For more information on the regulatory framework, please 
see Chapter 7 (“Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is Subject”). 
The Bond Programme 
Ellevio and the Guarantor have established the Bond Programme to raise debt in the bond markets and put in 
place a long-term financing platform. The platform will fund, among other things, the on-going capital 
expenditure programmes of Ellevio. The capital structure is expected to incorporate revolving bank facilities, 
medium term bank debt, bonds, private placements and associated hedging for risk management.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
CHAPTER 2 
RISK FACTORS 
The following sets out certain aspects of the Bonds, the Guarantee, the Common Documents, the Bond 
Programme Documents, the Security and the activities of Ellevio which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe 
may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the Bonds. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Bonds as at the date of this Prospectus, but the Issuer may be unable 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Bonds for other reasons and the Issuer 
does not represent that the statements below regarding the Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider the following risk factors and the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making an 
investment decision. The occurrence of any of the events described below could have a material adverse impact 
on the business, financial condition or results of operations of Ellevio or the Security Group and could lead to, 
among other things: 
(a) 
an Event of Default; and/or 
(b) 
a Trigger Event under the Common Documents and/or an Event of Default under the Bonds. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Bonds are also described below. 
In this Prospectus, any operational performance figures that are financial measures and are not disclosed in the 
financial statements incorporated by reference herein will need to be disclosed as Alternative Performance 
Measures (“APMs”) as defined in the ESMA guidelines on APMs. Unless specifically disclosed as such, in the 
view of the Issuer and the Guarantor (as relevant), no operational performance figures provided herein are 
financial measures and as such are not APMs. 
BUSINESS AND REGULATORY RISKS IN RELATION TO ELLEVIO  
Risks relating to the regulation of Ellevio 
Regulatory enforcement 
While Ellevio has in place various policies to ensure its compliance with requirements under the current 
regulatory regime, its Concessions and other aspects of law and regulation, there can be no assurances that 
Ellevio will always be in compliance with all provisions. Should Ellevio be found by the Ei to be in breach of 
such requirements, the Ei may, amongst other things, impose penalties on Ellevio or ultimately terminate its 
Concessions in the event of gross misconduct. Such penalties may, and a termination of one or more of Ellevio’s 
Area Concessions will, have an adverse effect on Ellevio’s operations and financial position. Regulatory 
enforcement against Ellevio may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the 
ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish 
Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Possible changes to the Electricity Act (Sw. Ellag 1997: 857) and its interpretation and application 
Under the EA, the Ei shall determine the revenue caps for Ellevio’s network operations. The revenue caps shall 
be determined for a regulatory period of four years. Ei shall issue its decisions regarding the caps at least two 
months before the start of the regulatory period. Under certain conditions, the revenue caps may be re-examined 
by the Ei during or after the regulatory period. Any deviation from the revenue caps determined by the Ei will 
result in an adjustment of the allowed revenue for the subsequent regulatory period. If Ellevio’s revenue exceeds

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
5 per cent. of the revenue caps, the Ei shall also reduce the cap for the subsequent regulatory period with an 
overcharge surcharge (Sw. överdebiteringstillägg).  
In June 2022, the Administrative Court of Appeal, found in its judgments regarding the revenue caps for the 
regulatory period 2020-2023 (“RP3”) that several provisions in the Swedish regime outlining how the revenue 
caps shall be calculated were not in accordance with EU law since the methodology and detailed terms of the 
Ordinance on Revenue Frames for electricity network operations (Sw. förordning om intäktsram för 
elnätsverksamhet (2018:1520)) (the “Allowed Revenue Ordinance”) did not provide the Ei, as regulator, the 
necessary independence in determining the revenue caps. Following the judgment from the Administrative 
Court of Appeal and the ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) in the case C-718/18 
(Commission v. Germany), the Swedish Government has appointed a special investigation that shall review if 
the current Swedish regulatory framework for the electricity market is in compliance with EU law. The 
investigation shall present its results and conclusion by 31 October 2023 at the latest. This may lead to additional 
changes in the regulatory framework8, for instance changes of the rules on the revenue caps in the EA and an 
abolishment of the Act on Special Investment Scope for Electricity Network Operations (Sw. lag om särskilt 
investeringsutrymme i elnätsverksamhet). The Ei has already repealed certain of its regulations, setting out 
detailed provisions for the calculation of the revenue caps.The future interpretation of, and possible changes in 
compliance requirements relating to, the EA could result in reduced possibilities to make revenue or increased 
costs of compliance for Ellevio, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under 
the Bonds. Depending on the outcome of the determined revenue caps for RP3 and future regulatory periods, 
Ellevio may have to adopt reduced revenue caps and may not obtain full coverage of investment costs, which 
includes costs for investments that have already been made during RP3 according to decisions under the Act on 
special investment scope. See further “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is 
subject”. 
Change in regulatory approach of the Ei 
In November 2022, the Ei has announced that it has initiated a review of the methods used for setting the 
revenue caps and that it will change its methods for determining revenue caps going forward. It is currently not 
known what methods will be used by the Ei. However, there are indications that the Ei will change its methods 
to calculate the value of assets included in the regulatory asset value (“RAV”) from a method based on 
replacement values using standard costs (capacity preserving method) to a valuation based on original 
procurement value (asset preserving method). The changes may include, among other things, changes to the 
method and parameters for determining the regulatory return, changed depreciation times for certain 
components in the asset base and certain quality incentives relating to outages. Depending on the outcome of 
the determined revenue caps for RP3 and future regulatory periods, Ellevio may have to adopt reduced revenue 
caps. Additionally, there can be no assurance that there will not be further future changes to the Ei’s regulatory 
approach, which may have an adverse effect on Ellevio’s operations and financial position. This may impact 
the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. See further “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects 
of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”.  
Determination of regulatory return 
The regulatory rate of return for previous revenue caps (for RP1 and RP2) has been determined by regulatory 
guidelines. According to such guidelines, a component of the return is determined by using the calculation 
model known as the weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) based on an assumed capital structure. WACC 
is calculated with respect to lenders’ and investors’ return in proportion to their share of the total capital. The 
required return that the investors are expected to have amounts to some risk-free rate and a risk premium, both 
 
8  I 2022:01, Investigation regarding review of the regulatory framework for electricity and natural gas (Sw. Utredningen om översyn av  
regleringen på el- och naturgasområdena).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
of which are determined on the basis of industry and activity.Calculating WACC involves considering 
components such as the cost of debt and the optimal debt proportion in relation to market value. Events affecting 
any of the components used in calculating WACC may potentially lead to a WACC that is undesirable for 
Ellevio, which may affect the financial situation of Ellevio.  
As further described in “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject” the 
the Administrative Court of Appeal found in a ruling in June 2022 that several provisions in the Allowed 
Revenue Ordinance regarding calculation of the rate of return were not compliant with EU law and that these 
provisions should not be applied when determining the revenue caps. In its judgment, the Administrative Court 
of Appeal also decreed that the return on RAV should be calculated using methods determined by the Ei, 
whereby the Ei shall act in accordance with the relevant objectives and requirements set out in EU law.  
As a result of the court proceedings, the Ei’s initial decisions regarding Ellevio’s revenue cap (and allowed 
regulatory rate return) have been referred back to the Ei for reconsideration based on the findings of the 
Administrative Court of Appeal. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Ei has not yet issued any new decision 
regarding Ellevio’s revenue cap for RP3. It is also not yet known how the Ei will determine the rate of return 
for the future revenue caps (RP4 and onwards). See “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to 
which Ellevio is subject”. A decrease in Ellevio’s expected WACC could have an adverse effect on Ellevio’s 
ability to generate return on its assets and therefore have an adverse impact on financial performance. This may 
result in Ellevio being unable to meet its payment obligations to its creditors, including its payment obligations 
under the Bonds.Change in regulatory unit prices 
The unit prices used in the calculation of Ellevio’s RAV may be materially revised for subsequent regulatory 
periods. If unit prices fall, Ellevio’s financial performance may be negatively impacted. This is due to the fact 
that the value of Ellevio’s RAV may be materially impacted by those changes. Such impact may result in Ellevio 
being unable to meet its payment obligations to its creditors including its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
See “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Risks relating to the business of Ellevio 
Outages could adversely affect financial position 
Ellevio has the primary objective of providing a reliable and secure electricity distribution network. Historically, 
there have been interruptions to network services in Sweden, such as outages resulting from severe storms. 
Ellevio is pursuing a long-term investment programme of underground cabling, maintenance programs relating 
to tree clearing, inspections (including helicopter inspections and corrective and preventive maintenance with 
the aim of mitigating the impact of adverse weather conditions on the network infrastructure and thus decreasing 
the number of faults in the network and the resulting outages). See “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish 
Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Nevertheless, adverse weather conditions or the failure of a key asset, such as a critical network component or 
Ellevio’s IT system that monitors the performance of its distribution network and reports faults, could cause a 
significant interruption to services (in terms of outage duration or the number of consumers affected), which 
may have an adverse one-off effect on Ellevio’s operating costs or financial position, as well as having an effect 
on the regulatory outage penalties of such interruptions to Ellevio if the regulatory quality incentive targets are 
not met by Ellevio. Such adverse effects may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its payment obligations to 
its creditors, including payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Uncertain Macroeconomic and Natural Environment 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Ellevio is exposed to significant uncertainty and volatility due to concurrent 
macroeconomic and natural factors including higher energy and chemical prices, inflation (including 
construction prices), increased labour costs, interest rates, currency exchange rates, increased borrowing costs

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
and the possibility of extreme weather. The timing, volatility, unpredictability, and interaction of these factors 
alone and in combination creates uncertainty in forecasting and could lead to short or long term operational and 
financial cost pressures affecting Ellevio’s business, results of operations and overall financial condition, its 
ability to meet financial ratio and covenant requirements under the Common Terms Agreement (which may 
result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event or, ultimately, an Event of Default) and to raise finance and comply 
with the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme. For more 
information on financial ratios and covenant requirements please see Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance 
Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Events of Default”). 
Disruption due to outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19)  
The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease such as COVID-19 (commonly 
referred to as coronavirus) and regulators’ or market fears about the same, may adversely affect Ellevio’s 
operations, directly, or through Ellevio’s supply chain.  
While the impact of COVID-19 on Ellevio was limited, if any of Ellevio’s employees or employees of Ellevio’s 
suppliers are suspected of contracting an epidemic disease, this could require Ellevio or its suppliers to 
quarantine some or all of these employees, relocate employees or have employees work from home or disinfect 
the facilities used for its operations, which could in turn result in delays and/or additional costs and regulator 
or market fears may require that enhanced steps are taken in this regard. If significant employee absence due to 
illness occurred for a period of weeks, critical activities would be prioritised, and employees deployed in order 
to limit the impact on service and compliance, which could result in delays to and/or reprogramming of non-
critical activities and future additional costs. A prolonged pandemic could result in national and international 
supply chain shortages for key materials.  
At the date of this Prospectus, there can be no guarantee that there will not be a further outbreak or spread of 
any such similar communicable diseases having the above (or more severe) consequence. Ellevio cannot 
determine the full extent of any such severe communicable diseases and outbreaks. The outbreak could therefore 
cause a significant interruption to the supply of services and could limit Ellevio’s ability to respond to another, 
non-related major interruption to the supply of services (in terms of duration or number of customers affected), 
materially affecting the way that Ellevio operates its business, result in additional operating costs (including 
liability to customers) or loss of revenue, each of which could have a material adverse impact on the business, 
financial condition or operational performance of Ellevio and could have a prejudicial impact on Ellevio’s 
reputation.  
Economic risks relating to the war between Russia and Ukraine  
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine. As a result of the invasion, the EU, EU Member 
States, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, among others, have developed and continue 
to develop coordinated sanctions and export-control measure packages. The uncertain nature, magnitude and 
duration of Russia’s war in Ukraine and actions taken by Western and other states and multinational 
organisations in response thereto, including, amongst other things, the potential effects of sanctions, export-
control measures, travel bans and asset seizures, as well as any Russian retaliatory actions, including, amongst 
other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks, on the world economy and markets, have 
contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty. In particular the increase in global energy prices 
resulted in Ellevio revising its customer tariffs twice in 2022 and therefore the impact of such geopolitical risks 
may have a material adverse impact on macroeconomic factors which affect Ellevio’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Reliance on IT systems  
The business of Ellevio is dependent on various IT systems due to the large amount of data handled on a daily 
basis and the need for supervision of the overall distribution network. Ellevio utilises IT systems which, for 
example, operate, remotely measure and control the electricity network, measure electricity consumption, 
provide accurate invoicing to customers, manage energy balance and manage network design and construction. 
See “Chapter 6 – Description of Ellevio”. 
Furthermore, possible cyber attacks or IT system failures could temporarily threaten the continuity of business 
operations. Such business interruptions, or the cost to Ellevio to repair any software malfunctions, may 
adversely impact the financial performance of Ellevio. This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its 
payment obligations to its creditors, including its payment obligations under the Bonds.  
Ageing and malfunction of the network and assets 
Due to the history of operation of Ellevio, certain parts and/or components in operation are old and, in case of 
breakdown, these may be difficult to repair or replace. Any machinery breakdown may cost more than 
anticipated, which may negatively impact Ellevio. The replacement of ageing and or malfunctioning 
components ahead of the estimated technical and regulatory lifetime of the component, will have a negative 
effect on Ellevio’s regulated asset base and may result in Ellevio not receiving full regulatory compensation for 
the component. This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of 
Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 6 – Description of Ellevio” and “Chapter 
7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Operational efficiency risks 
Ellevio’s profitability is linked to its ability to meet its operating and/or investment costs targets, as well as to 
its operational effectiveness compared to regulatory targets. Ellevio’s performance depends in part on the 
efficiency of its operational and investment cost management. To optimise its resources and maximise 
efficiency and flexibility, Ellevio is focused on its core activities of asset management, investment programme 
planning, regulation management, revenue risk and vendor interface, while other activities such as network 
construction works and maintenance, fault repair, customer work orders and service and automatic meter data 
collection have been outsourced with the aim of maximising service whilst reducing costs to Ellevio. Whilst 
Ellevio is pursuing an efficient long-term network investment programme, changes in material prices or 
availability of contractor resources may introduce unexpected costs into Ellevio’s investment programme, 
which in turn may impact the ability of Ellevio to implement efficiency improvements. This may result in 
Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact on the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment 
obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 6 – Description of Ellevio” and “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of 
Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Health and safety risks 
The nature of the business of Ellevio involves interaction by its employees, or the employees of third party 
service providers, with dangerous machinery and equipment. While Ellevio actively maintains health and safety 
policies to minimise such risks and ensure compliance with applicable law or regulation (which it reassesses on 
a regular basis), employees may be injured at work. The Sustainability Policy, covering, among other things, 
health and safety, is regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors of Ellevio. Despite this, contractors engaged 
by Ellevio or sub-contractors engaged by Ellevio’s contractors may not, despite Ellevio’s efforts, comply with 
or have regard to, the Sustainability Policy, or any policy which has comparable health and safety standards. 
Ellevio’s customers or third parties may also be involved in an accident relating to the electrical network carried 
out by or on behalf of Ellevio. The cost to Ellevio for any such injuries to such employees, customers, 
contractors, sub-contractors or third parties may negatively impact Ellevio. See “Chapter 6 – Description of 
Ellevio” and “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet 
its payment obligations under the Bonds. The insurance programme maintained by Ellevio may only cover 
certain of these risks (see further “Risks relating to insuring the business” below).  
Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legislative Matters 
Environmental regulation risks 
Various environmental protection laws and regulations govern the business of Ellevio. These laws and 
regulations establish, among other things, standards for control of greenhouse gas emissions and materials and 
energy efficiency, which affect Ellevio’s operations. In addition, Ellevio is required to obtain various 
environmental permits from regulatory bodies for its operations. Ellevio endeavours to comply with all 
regulatory standards. However, whilst there has been no compliance failure that has had a material adverse 
consequence historically, there can be no assurance that Ellevio will be in total compliance at all times with 
applicable laws and regulations. Should Ellevio fail to comply with these laws and regulations, it could incur 
costs in bringing the business into compliance or face fines imposed by the courts or otherwise face regulatory 
sanctions. See “Chapter 7 – Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is subject”. 
Environmental laws and regulations are complex and change frequently. These laws, and their enforcement, 
have tended to become more stringent over time. Although Ellevio believes it has taken into account the future 
capital and operating expenditure necessary to achieve and maintain compliance with current and known future 
changes in laws and regulations, it is possible that such capital and operating expenditure may increase, for 
example, as a result of unexpected or unforeseen liabilities, new or stricter standards being imposed, or the 
current interpretation of existing legislation being amended. There can be no assurance that these costs will be 
recoverable in part or in full through the regulatory process. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the costs 
of complying with, or discharging its liabilities under, current and future environmental and health and safety 
laws will not adversely affect Ellevio’s costs or financial position. Such adverse effect may result in Ellevio 
being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations 
under the Bonds.  
The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain 
The Volcker Rule generally prohibits "banking entities" (which term is broadly defined to include any U.S. 
bank or savings association whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, any 
company that controls any such bank or savings association, any foreign bank treated as a bank holding 
company pursuant to Section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978, as amended, and any affiliate or 
subsidiary of any of the foregoing entities) from: 
(i) engaging in proprietary trading as defined in the Volcker Rule; 
(ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund"; and  
(iii) entering into certain relationships with such funds.  
The Volcker Rule became effective on 21 July 2012, and final regulations implementing the Volcker Rule were 
adopted on 10 December 2013 and became effective on 1 April 2014. In October 2019, US regulators finalized 
amendments to the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations that modified certain exceptions to the Volcker 
Rule’s proprietary trading ban and liberalized certain compliance requirements, among other things.  
Under the Volcker Rule, unless otherwise jointly determined by specified federal regulators, a "covered fund" 
does not include an issuer that may rely on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act, other than those contained in Sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act. The Issuer believes that it is not, and after giving effect to any offering and sale of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
the Bonds and the application of the proceeds thereof will not be, a "covered fund" for purposes of the Volcker 
Rule. In reaching this conclusion, although other exclusion from the Volcker Rule may be available, the Issuer 
believes that it does not fall within the definition of "investment company" in Section 3(a) of the Investment 
Company Act, and so would not be a “covered fund”. 
If the Issuer is a covered fund, the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions will impact the ability of 
banking entities to hold an “ownership interest” in it. This may adversely impact the market price and liquidity 
of the Bonds. Further, if a banking entity is considered the “sponsor” of the Issuer under the Volcker Rule, that 
banking entity may face a prohibition on covered transactions with the Issuer. This could adversely impact the 
ability of the banking entity to enter into new transactions with the Issuer and may require amendments to 
certain existing transactions and arrangements. There is limited interpretive guidance regarding the Volcker 
Rule, and implementation of the regulatory framework for the Volcker Rule is still evolving and regulators in 
the United States may promulgate further regulatory changes. The Volcker Rule’s prohibitions and lack of 
interpretive guidance could negatively impact the liquidity and market price of the Bonds and no assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any regulatory changes on the Bonds. Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should 
consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
Each purchaser must determine for itself whether it is a banking entity subject to regulation under the Volcker 
Rule. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee makes any 
representation regarding the ability of any purchaser to acquire or hold the Bonds, now or at any time in the 
future. 
Enforceability of judgments following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual 
recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Bonds with the EU or Sweden. As a 
result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Bonds obtained in the courts of England 
against the Issuer will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Bondholder 
brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgement rendered in an English court may be 
submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it 
relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s 
merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Bondholders of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Bonds. 
FINANCING RISKS 
Market and financing risks 
Ellevio will need to raise further debt from time to time in order, among other things: 
(a) 
to finance or refinance future capital expenditure; 
(b) 
to enable it to refinance any debt of the Security Group including the Bonds on or before its Final 
Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
for general corporate purposes. 
Therefore, Ellevio is exposed to market risks resulting from mismatches between its capital requirements and 
its access to capital in the future. Ellevio’s cost of funding may be influenced by, among other things, its own 
operating performance and general economic conditions. If financial markets deteriorate, there could be an 
adverse effect on Ellevio’s ability to refinance its existing debt as and when required.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Moreover, Ellevio is exposed to market risks resulting from timing mismatches between its capital requirements 
and the revenue generated by its business. Ellevio’s future capital requirements and level of costs will depend 
on numerous factors, including, among other things, capital expenditure caused by compliance with new safety 
requirements, continued demand for electricity, the amount of cash generated from its operations and general 
industry and economic conditions. The inability to cover long-term funding costs through revenue streams could 
have an adverse effect on Ellevio’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. This may 
result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment 
obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 5 – Overview of the Financing Structure”. 
Funding Costs 
In response to global inflationary pressures, central banks and other monetary authorities have begun raising 
interest rates and as a result, borrowing costs are generally rising for borrowers. If inflation stays at its current 
level, or increases, interest rates may continue to rise or remain at persistently elevated levels. 
Periods of high inflation can also give rise to timing mismatches between costs and revenues. Although Ellevio’s 
revenues are linked to inflation, tariffs are not adjusted intra-year so revenue shortfalls may result until tariffs 
are increased the following year. Inevitable differences between the Ellevio cost base and the index make-up 
also mean that the adjustment may not simply be delayed but it may not correctly reflect Ellevio’s increasing 
costs. Political pressures to maintain existing tariffs and provide other forms of customer support, may also 
arise (see also “Rise of inflation may affect the Security Group’s business, financial condition and result of 
operations” under “Financing Risks”). 
In the ordinary course of running its business, Ellevio requires regular access to both public and private debt 
markets in order to access funding required to maintain and invest in its business. Although the majority of 
Ellevio’s existing borrowing is fixed rate (or effectively fixed rate), as new debt is required to be incurred or 
existing debt is required to be refinanced, Ellevio will be required to borrow money at market (and therefore 
increased) interest rates. The associated cost pressures (alone or in combination with other cost pressures) could 
have a material adverse impact on Ellevio and, consequently, on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
(including in respect of financial ratios and the payment of principal and interest) under the Bonds. 
Rise of inflation may affect the Security Group’s business, financial condition and result of 
operations 
The rise of inflation in Sweden has resulted in an increase in the cost of goods and services, raw materials and 
utilities, among other things. These increases are likely to have a negative impact on businesses in general and 
may have an effect on the Security Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The rise in 
inflation could result in higher investment costs and operational expenses for the Security Group and higher 
default rates for its customers which may have an effect on the Security Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. There is also a risk that the methodology of revenue calculations for determining the 
revenue caps for DSOs does not take into account general and unforeseen price increases that lead to increased 
costs for DSOs, which in turn affects the financial result of network operations and the possibility of obtaining 
cost recovery for investments. Furthermore, several central banks, including the Swedish Riksbank, the 
European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, have raised interest rates and announced that they may 
increase interest rates further in response to rising inflation. The rise of interest rates, depending on the size and 
pace of such rising, could potentially lead to a slowdown in general economic activity and, in severe cases, to 
a recession. 
Security Group Hedging Risks 
The Security Group has a Hedging Policy in place to mitigate the risks arising from mismatches in cash flows 
received and payable from time to time. For more details on the Hedging Policy see Chapter 16 (“Summary of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Hedging Policy”) 
below. 
In order to address interest rate risks, inflation rate risks and/or currency risks, the Security Group will operate 
a hedging programme in accordance with the Hedging Policy and may enter into Treasury Transactions (for 
non-speculative purposes only, and such counterparty will not accede to the STID), which are not subject to the 
Hedging Policy, in the ordinary course of business. However, there can be no assurance that the Hedging 
Agreements will adequately address the hedging risks that the Security Group will face from time to time. In 
addition, the Security Group could find itself over-/under-hedged which could lead to financial stress. Ellevio 
is subject to the creditworthiness of, and, in certain circumstances, early termination of the Hedging Agreements 
by, Hedge Counterparties or the counterparties to any Treasury Transaction (see Chapter 16 (“Summary of the 
Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Hedging Policy”) 
below). Such circumstances may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the 
ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Certain Secured Creditors will rank ahead of the Bondholders in respect of the Security 
In the event that a Standstill occurs or the Security is enforced, the proceeds of such enforcement may be 
insufficient, after payment of amounts ranking in priority to the Bonds, to pay, in full, all amounts of principal, 
interest and premium (if any) due in respect of the Bonds. 
Although the Security has been granted for the benefit of, inter alios, the Bondholders, such security interests 
have also been granted for the benefit of other Secured Creditors that will rank ahead of the Bondholders. 
Certain of the obligations owed by Ellevio, including Ellevio’s obligations, to, inter alios, the Security Trustee 
(in its individual capacity), any appointee of the Security Trustee or the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent(s), the 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) under the Liquidity Facility, the Super Senior Hedge Counterparties under the 
Super Senior Hedging Agreements, the Account Bank in respect of certain amounts owed to them, the Transfer 
Agent, the Registrar, any Calculation Agent and the Cash Manager will rank ahead of amounts owed by Ellevio 
to the Bondholders. These amounts may be uncapped. To the extent that significant amounts are owing to any 
such persons and there is insufficient cash to pay all such amounts then due, the amounts available to the 
Bondholders may be reduced which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the 
Bonds. See “Chapter 5 – Overview of the Financing Structure”. 
Subordination of the Class B Bonds issued by Ellevio 
Payments under the Class A Bonds issued by Ellevio rank in priority to payments of principal and interest due 
on the Class B Bonds. 
If, on any Interest Payment Date or any date upon which such Class B Bond is to be redeemed (in whole or in 
part) prior to the taking of Enforcement Action, there are insufficient funds available to Ellevio to pay accrued 
interest or principal on the Class B Bonds, Ellevio’s liability to pay such accrued interest or principal will be 
treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred until the earliest of:  
(i) the next following Interest Payment Date on which Ellevio has, in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, sufficient funds available to pay such deferred amounts (including any interest accrued 
thereon);  
(ii) the date on which the Class A Debt has been paid in full; and  
(iii) an acceleration of and enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors (other than a Permitted Hedge 
Termination). Interest will accrue on such deferred interest or principal at the rate otherwise payable on unpaid 
principal of such Class B Bonds.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Notwithstanding the subordination of, and credit enhancement provided by, the Class B Bonds to the Class A 
Bonds, Ellevio may, subject to certain conditions, optionally redeem some or all of the Bonds subordinated and 
providing credit enhancement to other Classes of Bonds. 
It should be noted that all of the Payment Dates for the various different types of Class A Debt and Class B Debt 
will not necessarily coincide and that, until a Standstill Period has commenced, there is no obligation to ensure 
that a payment made to a holder of a Class B Bond (or any other Class B Creditor pursuant to any other Class 
B Debt) will not lead to a deficiency of funds to make payments in respect of Class A Debt that fails due on a 
later date. See “Chapter 4 – Overview of the Programme” and “Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance 
Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Monitoring of compliance with warranties and covenants and the occurrence of Trigger Events, 
Events of Default or Potential Events of Default 
The STID provides that the Security Trustee will be entitled to assume without enquiry, unless it has express 
notice to the contrary, that no Trigger Event, Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred which 
is continuing. The Security Trustee will not itself monitor whether any such event has occurred. 
Accordingly, it will fall to the Obligors themselves to make these determinations. In this context, a number of 
these representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and Events of Default and Potential Events of 
Default will be qualified by reference to a relevant fact, matter or circumstance having a Material Adverse 
Effect. Whilst the criteria set out in the definition of “Material Adverse Effect” are on their face objective, it 
will fall to the Obligors themselves to determine whether or not the relevant fact, matter or circumstance falls 
within any of the criteria and, as such, the determination will be subjective for so long as such determination is 
made by the Obligors. 
However, the Common Terms Agreement requires the Obligors to inform the Security Trustee of the occurrence 
of any Trigger Event, Event of Default and Potential Event of Default promptly upon becoming aware of the 
same. In addition, the Obligors are required to confirm in each Investor Report and each Compliance Certificate, 
each of which will be delivered to, among other recipients, the Security Trustee, whether or not any Trigger 
Event, Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred (and, if one has, what action is being, or 
proposed to be, taken to remedy it). 
Failure by the Obligors to promptly identify a Trigger Event or Event of Default could have a Material Adverse 
Effect on the ability of the Obligors to meet their obligations to the Secured Creditors. This may impact on the 
ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance 
Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Financial Indebtedness 
Under the Common Documents, the Obligors are permitted to incur further Financial Indebtedness subject to 
certain tests being met (as set out in the CTA). Such Financial Indebtedness may be on any economic terms and, 
in particular, may mature prior to the maturity date of the Bonds. The Obligors are permitted to repay Financial 
Indebtedness from time to time, which may result in certain creditors (including those in respect of a particular 
Series of Bonds) being paid earlier in time than the Bondholders of another Series of Bonds, including by way 
of defeasance. Any such repayments are subject to the terms of the Common Documents. Chapter 16 – 
Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Modifications, waivers and consents in respect of the Common Documents and the Bond 
Programme Documents 
The Obligors may request the Security Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent to any 
event, matter or thing relating to, or grant any waiver in respect of, the Common Documents without any 
requirement to seek the approval of the Secured Creditors, in respect of a Discretion Matter.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
The Security Trustee is entitled to exercise its sole discretion to approve a Discretion Matter if, in the opinion 
of the Security Trustee, approval of the STID Proposal: (a) is in the opinion of the Security Trustee, required to 
correct a manifest error or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (b) is, in the opinion of the Security 
Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Qualifying Secured Creditors (where “materially 
prejudicial” means that such modification, consent or waiver could have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
ability of the Obligors to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Qualifying Secured Debt 
owed to the relevant Qualifying Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment therefor). The Security 
Trustee is not obliged to exercise its discretion and if it chooses not to do so the voting category selection 
procedures set out in the STID and described in Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond 
Programme Documents – Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”) below will apply. 
Accordingly, in respect of modifications, waivers or consents in respect of provisions of the Common 
Documents (other than those in respect of Basic Terms Modifications (as defined in Condition 13 “Meetings of 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution”) a single vote by reference to the entire Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Qualifying Secured Debt of each Authorised Credit Facility in respect of their 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Secured Creditors will be counted for or, as the case may be, 
against the applicable STID Proposal or Direction Notice. Votes cast in favour and votes cast against will then 
be aggregated by the Security Trustee with votes cast for and against by the other Qualifying Secured Creditors. 
There is therefore a risk that the votes of the Bondholders of the relevant Class may not constitute a majority in 
respect of modifications, waivers or consents. It is possible that the interests of the Qualifying Secured Creditors 
in respect of certain other Qualifying Secured Debt will not be aligned with the interests of a Class of 
Bondholders, and it is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, owing to the relative size of Secured 
Debt that is capable of being voted by Authorised Credit Providers other than the Bondholders, the Security 
Trustee is given an instruction that is not in the interests of the Bondholders. 
Ellevio may also request the Bond Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent to any event, 
matter or thing, or grant any waiver in respect of, the Bond Programme Documents (subject as provided in the 
STID in relation to any Common Documents) without the consent or sanction of the Bondholders or (subject 
as provided below) any other party to such Bond Programme Documents. 
The Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of Bondholders, concur with Ellevio or any other 
relevant parties in making: (a) any modification to the Conditions or the Bond Programme Documents (subject 
as provided in the STID in relation to any Common Documents) or other document to which it is a party or in 
respect of which the Security Trustee holds security if, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such modification is 
made to correct a manifest error, or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (b) any modification (other than 
in respect of a Basic Terms Modification), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Bondholders. 
The Bond Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Event of Default, 
from time to time and at any time but only if, and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the Bondholders shall 
not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by Ellevio of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Conditions or any Bond Programme Document to which it is a party 
or determine that any event which would otherwise constitute an Event of Default shall not be treated as such 
for the purposes of the Trust Deed. 
Pursuant to the STID, the Bond Trustee is authorised to execute and deliver on behalf of the Bondholders all 
documentation required to implement such modification and such execution and delivery by the Bond Trustee 
will bind each of the Bondholders as if such documentation had been duly executed by them.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Common Documents or 
the Bond Programme Documents will be favourable to all Bondholders. Such changes may be detrimental to 
the interests of some or all Bondholders, despite the ratings of such Bonds being affirmed. 
The conditions of the Bonds contain provisions for Bondholders to vote on matters affecting their interests 
generally (other than matters which concern the enforcement of the Security or modifications to the STID, such 
matters which may only be addressed in accordance with the procedures set out in the STID, as described above). 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Bondholders including Bondholders who do not vote on 
the relevant matter and Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Where the necessary 
quorum is not met in respect of certain Votes and an Adjourned Voting Date is set, the requisite quorum for an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be reduced but will still bind all Bondholders if passed, even where the outcome 
is not published. 
Voting by the Bondholders in respect of an STID Proposal 
Unless approval by Electronic Consent is available, Bondholders exercise their right to vote by “blocking” their 
Bonds in the clearing system and delivering irrevocable instructions to the Registrar or the Issuing and Paying 
Agent that the votes in respect of their Bonds are to be cast in a particular way. In respect of modifications, 
consents and waivers to the Common Documents, the Bond Trustee (as the Secured Creditor Representative of 
the Bondholders) is required to notify the Security Trustee of each vote received by the Registrar or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent no later than the Business Day on which any vote is received. The STID provides that as soon 
as the Security Trustee has received sufficient votes from the Secured Creditors (including the Bond Trustee as 
Secured Creditor Representative of the Bondholders) in favour of a consent, modification or waiver of a 
Common Document, the Decision Period will be closed and no further votes will be taken into account be the 
Security Trustee. 
Accordingly, unless a Bondholder exercises its right to vote at the beginning of a Decision Period, it is possible 
that a consent, modification or waiver of a Common Document may be approved by the Secured Creditors 
before such Bondholder has participated in any vote and that, as a result, any consent, modification or waiver 
of a Common Document duly approved by the Secured Creditors shall be binding on all of the Bondholders. 
Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
The Class A Liquidity Facility 
Ellevio has agreed to procure that the aggregate of (i) all amounts available for drawing under the Class A 
Liquidity Facility in respect of Class A Debt; and (ii) all aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the Class 
A Debt Service Reserve Account (including the value of Cash Equivalent Investments funded from amounts 
standing to the credit of the Class A Debt Service Reserve Account) are at least equal to the Class A Liquidity 
Required Amount. Investors should note that in certain circumstances, the Class A Liquidity Required Amount 
will be zero (see definition of Class A Liquidity Required Amount in “Glossary of Defined Terms”).  
The Liquidity Facility and any amounts credited to the Class A Debt Service Reserve Account are intended to 
cover certain shortfalls in the ability of Ellevio to service payments of (a) scheduled interest or certain other 
payments in respect of Class A Debt (including payments due to be made by Ellevio in relation to the Class A 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date (excluding the repayment of principal under the Class A Bonds)); or (b) 
certain other payments ranking in priority to or pari passu with the Class A Bonds. However, on any such 
Interest Payment Date, there are no assurances that any such shortfalls will be met in whole or in part by amounts 
standing to the credit of the Class A Debt Service Reserve Accounts or by the Class A Liquidity Facility.  
Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The Class B Liquidity Facility 
Ellevio has agreed to procure that the aggregate of (i) all amounts available for drawing under the Class B 
Liquidity Facility in respect of Class B Debt; and (ii) all aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the Class 
B Debt Service Reserve Account (including the value of Cash Equivalent Investments funded from amounts 
standing to the credit of the Class B Debt Service Reserve Account) are at least equal to the Class B Liquidity 
Required Amount. Investors should note that in certain circumstances, the Class B Liquidity Required Amount 
will be zero (see definition of Class B Liquidity Required Amount in “Glossary of Defined Terms”).  
The Liquidity Facility and any amounts credited to the Class B Debt Service Reserve Account are intended to 
cover certain shortfalls in the ability of Ellevio to service payments of (a) scheduled interest or certain other 
payments in respect of Class B Debt (including payments due to be made by Ellevio in relation to the Class B 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date (excluding the repayment of principal under the Class B Bonds)); or (b) 
certain other payments ranking in priority to or pari passu with the Class B Bonds. However, on any such 
Interest Payment Date, there are no assurances that any such shortfalls will be met in whole or in part by amounts 
standing to the credit of the Class B Debt Service Reserve Accounts or by the Class B Liquidity Facility.  See 
“Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Capital Structure 
The Security Group has a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness with significant debt service 
requirements. In addition, the Security Group retains the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future 
to finance its capital investment programmes. See “Chapter 5 – Overview of the Financing Structure”. 
This significant leverage could have important consequences including increasing the Security Group’s 
vulnerability to a downturn in its business, economic or industry conditions and requiring the Security Group 
to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its debt obligations, thus 
reducing the availability of its cash flow to fund growth and for other general corporate purposes.  
Such significant leverage could impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
OTHER RISKS 
The value of the Security may not be sufficient to cover Ellevio’s payment obligations under the 
Bonds 
The Security primarily consists of the Parent Share Pledge the Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge, pledges 
over business mortgage certificates issued by Ellevio and real property mortgage certificates issued over certain 
real properties owned by Ellevio. The Security does not comprise all assets of Ellevio. There can be no assurance 
that the value of the Security will be sufficient to cover Ellevio’s payment obligations under the Bonds. If the 
proceeds from an Enforcement Action are not sufficient to repay all amounts of principal and interest due in 
respect of the Secured Debt (which includes the Bonds), the Secured Creditors (which includes the Bondholders) 
will only have an unsecured claim against Ellevio’s remaining assets (if any). To the extent that the value of the 
Security is not enough to repay all Secured Debt, any outstanding debt will be the unsecured obligations of 
Ellevio. The remaining assets of Ellevio may not be sufficient to repay all unsecured claims. This may result in 
Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment 
obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 4 – Overview of the Programme” and “Chapter 16 – Summary of 
the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Limited market for sale of shares and certain other assets subject to Security upon an enforcement 
of the Parent Share Pledge and Security 
Due to the specific and regulated nature of Ellevio, upon the enforcement of the Parent Share Pledge and a 
decision by the Secured Creditors to sell such shares, there can be no assurance that there will be a market for

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
such shares or, if there is one, that there will not be substantial delays in the liquidation of such shares or that it 
will provide the Secured Creditors with sufficient recoveries to meet the payment obligations of the Secured 
Creditors or that any such liquidity will continue for the life of the Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the 
Bonds must be prepared to hold such Bonds for an indefinite period of time or until final redemption on maturity 
of the Bonds. 
Further, the Ei has the authority to, in its discretion, continuously assess the suitability of Ellevio as holder of 
the Concessions necessary to operate the distribution network (which also considers the suitability of the 
owner(s) of Ellevio). The Ei has the authority to revoke Ellevio’s Concessions, should Ellevio be deemed 
unsuitable for the purpose of operating the grid. There can be no assurance that the Ei, following a sale of the 
shares in Ellevio, will not reassess the suitability of Ellevio as the holder of such Concessions and that the Ei 
will not take the suitability of a potential purchaser of Ellevio’s shares into consideration in doing so. This may 
further limit the market for the shares in Ellevio. See “Chapter 6 – Description of Ellevio” and “Chapter 7 – 
Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation to which Ellevio is Subject”. 
In addition, upon an enforcement of the Security which consists of real property on which grid assets are 
connected or located, any purchaser(s) of the real property would require a concession to be granted by the Ei 
in order to operate the grid assets connected to, or located on, the real property. There can be no assurance that 
a purchaser of such real property would be granted the concessions necessary which may limit the market for 
such real properties. 
These factors limit the market for the sale of the Security which may impact the value of the Security. As such, 
realisation of such Security may not provide the Secured Creditors with sufficient recoveries to meet the 
payment obligations of the Secured Creditors. This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, 
which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
It may be difficult to realise the full value of the Security securing the Bonds 
The Security may be subject to certain limitations permitted under the Common Documents. Such limitations 
could adversely affect the value of the Security securing the Bonds as well as the ability of the Security Trustee 
to enforce that security.  
The security interest granted pursuant to the Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge has been granted with delayed 
perfection, and such security interest may only be perfected upon the occurrence of a Share Pledge Enforcement 
Event (as defined in the STID). As such, the Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge will not be effective against 
third parties until a Share Pledge Enforcement Event has occurred. See “Chapter 16 – Summary of the Finance 
Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
In addition, the Security may be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realisation of 
security interests in the Security. For example, the Security Trustee needs to obtain a judgment claim (Sw. 
exekutionstitel) from a court in order to enforce the security interest granted in the real properties owned by 
Ellevio. There can be no assurance that the Security Trustee will be able to obtain such a judgment claim or that 
such judgment claim will be granted in a timely manner.  
The amount of funds that may be realised by the Secured Creditors or the Security Trustee may be limited or 
reduced if, among other things: (a) certain Swedish perfection formalities are not satisfied; (b) claims are 
subject to a deduction of realisation costs; (c) certain legal formalities are not taken at the time or before the 
Enforcement Action is taken; or (d) a court or a bankruptcy administrator takes any step within the insolvency 
laws of Sweden that may delay or prevent the Security Trustee or the Secured Creditors from realising the assets 
of Ellevio. Difficulties in realising the full value of the Security may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its 
payment obligations under the Bonds. Further, any enforcement action (including any acceleration of the Bonds)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
may cause Ellevio to file for insolvency or be otherwise value destructive, which may also impact the ability of 
Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
The pledge of business mortgage certificates granted by Ellevio cannot be actively enforced and 
covers a variable pool of assets 
The security interest granted in the business of Ellevio pursuant to the pledge of business mortgage certificates 
(the “Business Mortgage Certificates”) cannot be actively enforced, but instead consists of a grant by Ellevio 
of a right to payment pursuant to the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. förmånsrättslagen (1979:979)) in the 
event of foreclosure and bankruptcy proceedings of Ellevio. The security interest created by the pledge of such 
Business Mortgage Certificates is granted in the business of Ellevio and covers all personal property (with the 
exception of, among other things, funds standing to the credit of bank accounts) belonging to Ellevio. Once an 
asset subject to the Business Mortgage Certificates is sold, however, the business mortgage over such asset will 
cease to be valid. Therefore, as a result of the disposal of assets of Ellevio during an enforcement scenario, the 
value of the Business Mortgage Certificates may be lower than at the time that such Business Mortgage 
Certificates were granted. This may decrease the value of the Security. Where the value of Security has been 
reduced, during an Enforcement, this may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact 
the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Certain claims and the Security are subject to a recovery risk 
While as a general rule security granted at the time when a debt is incurred is not subject to a recovery risk, 
pursuant to applicable law, a transaction can, subject to certain prerequisites, be revoked if the transaction were 
concluded within a certain period of time (the length of which varies depending on the type of transaction and 
the parties thereto) before the application for bankruptcy, reorganisation or execution was filed with the 
competent court. Mandatory insolvency laws may, therefore, under specific circumstances require that the 
Security be recovered to the assets or bankruptcy estate of Obligors, or otherwise held to be unenforceable. 
Given that the security interest created under the Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge may only be perfected 
upon a Share Pledge Enforcement Event, the hardening period will start upon perfection of the security. In 
addition, the satisfaction of certain claims of the Secured Creditors are subject to a risk of being recovered or 
revoked in the bankruptcy proceedings of Ellevio. This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, 
which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. See “Chapter 16 – 
Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Insolvency laws may adversely affect the enforcement of the Guarantee and the Security 
The initiation of insolvency proceedings, including bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) and reconstruction (Sw. 
företagsrekonstruktion) proceedings, may, amongst other things, (i)in the case of bankruptcy, result in the assets 
of the insolvent company being taken over by a court-appointed administrator in which case the right to dispose 
of the said assets could also be transferred to such an administrator or, (ii) in the case of reconstruction, result 
in a general prohibition on enforcement of security and payment, collection and execution of debts incurred 
prior to the initiation of the reconstruction proceedings, which applies to all creditors. The initiation of such 
proceedings may, therefore, and as a result of other effects of such insolvency proceedings have a materially 
adverse effect on the ability of the Security Trustee (in respect of the Security) to initiate or to control any 
enforcement proceedings relating to such assets. If such insolvency proceedings are commenced, the ability to 
realise the Security might be prohibited, delayed and/or the value of the Security impaired. The realisation 
process may also, amongst other things, take more time than expected and the holders of the Bonds may not 
receive the invested principal and the accrued interest when due under the terms and conditions of the Bonds. 
This may result in Ellevio being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Ellevio to meet 
its payment obligations under the Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
TAX RISKS  
Swedish Withholding tax in respect of the Bonds  
Sweden does not currently impose withholding tax on the Bonds (other than Swedish preliminary tax (Sw. 
preliminärskatt) which is normally withheld on payments considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
private individuals and estates, which for tax purposes are deemed to be resident in Sweden). However, if the 
law in Sweden were to change and any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, tax is required to be 
made from payments due under the Bonds, none of Ellevio or the Guarantor, any Paying Agent nor any other 
person will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to Bondholders or, if Definitive Bonds are issued, 
Couponholders, or otherwise to compensate Bondholders or Couponholders for the reduction in the amounts 
they will receive as a result of such withholding or deduction. See “Tax Considerations” below for a discussion 
of the risk of withholding taxes applying in respect of payments under the Bonds. 
BOND CONSIDERATIONS 
Reliance by Ellevio on third parties 
The ability of Ellevio to pay amounts due under the Bonds depends upon a number of third parties such as the 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s), Hedge Counterparties and the Account Bank. In the event that one or more of 
those parties is downgraded by one or more of the Rating Agencies or if one or more of such third parties 
defaults on its obligations to make payments to Ellevio, this may have an adverse effect on the rating of the 
Bonds and/or the ability of Ellevio to satisfy its payment obligations in full. See “Chapter 16 – Summary of the 
Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
If a Hedging Agreement is terminated, Ellevio may be exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and/or currencies 
that were previously hedged. Upon any such termination, Ellevio may be obliged to make a termination payment 
to the relevant Hedge Counterparty. The requirement to make such a termination payment may impact the 
ability of Ellevio to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. Further, there can be no assurance that 
Ellevio will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Hedging 
Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that Ellevio will be able to enter into a replacement hedging 
agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement Hedge Counterparty will be 
sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Bonds.  
Conflict of interest 
The Trust Deed requires the Bond Trustee to have regard to the interests of all the Bondholders (so long as any 
of the Bonds remain outstanding) equally as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the 
Bond Trustee as if they formed a single class (except where expressly required otherwise). 
For so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding, the Bond Trustee shall not be bound to take any steps, 
proceedings or other actions unless: 
(a) 
it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities, 
proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, charges and 
expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
it has been directed or requested to do so by Bondholders together holding or representing 25 per 
cent. or more of the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
The Bond Trustee may give its consent to any amendment to, or grant any waiver under or in respect of, any 
term of any Bond Programme Document to which it is a party or over which it has security or give its written 
consent to any event, matter or thing (without the consent of the Bondholders or any other person) if to do so 
would, among other things, not, in its opinion, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders, or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
in certain circumstances, where a specified test or conditions have been met. See “Chapter 16 – Summary of 
the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents”. 
Limited liquidity of the Bonds; absence of secondary market for the Bonds 
There can be no assurance that a secondary market for the Bonds will develop or, if a secondary market does 
develop for any of the Bonds issued after the date of this Prospectus, that it will provide any holder of Bonds 
with liquidity or that any such liquidity will continue for the life of the Bonds. If a series of Bonds is issued to 
a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in 
such Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Bonds must be prepared to hold such Bonds for an indefinite 
period of time or until final redemption or maturity of the Bonds. 
The liquidity and market value of the Bonds at any time are affected by, among other things, the market view 
of the credit risk of such Bonds and will generally fluctuate with interest rates, general economic conditions, 
the condition of certain financial markets, international political events and the performance and financial 
condition of Ellevio. 
Rating Agency assessments, downgrades and changes to Rating Agency criteria may result in ratings 
volatility in respect of the Bonds 
The ratings to be assigned by the Rating Agencies to the Bonds reflect only the views of the particular Rating 
Agency and, in assigning the ratings, each Rating Agency takes into consideration the credit quality of Ellevio 
and structural features and other aspects of the transaction of which the Bonds form part. There is no assurance 
that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended 
or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information in 
relation to Ellevio’s underlying business and performance or if, in the Rating Agencies’ judgement, other 
circumstances so warrant. If any rating assigned to the Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the 
Bonds may be reduced. Future events, including events affecting Ellevio and/or circumstances relating to the 
industry in which it operates, could have an adverse impact on the ratings of the Bonds. 
A confirmation from a Rating Agency that any action proposed to be taken by Ellevio will not have an adverse 
effect on the then current rating of the Bonds does not, for example, confirm that such action: (a) is permitted 
by the terms of the Common Documents or the Bond Programme Documents; or (b) is in the best interests of, 
or not prejudicial to, the Bondholders. While each of the Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders), the 
Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee (as applicable) are entitled to have regard to the fact that a Rating Agency 
has confirmed that the then current rating of the Bonds would not be adversely affected by such action, the 
above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on that Rating Agency to the Secured 
Creditors (including the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee) or any other person or create any legal relationship 
between the Rating Agencies and the Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee) or 
any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
Any such confirmation from a Rating Agency may or may not be given at the sole discretion of that Rating 
Agency. It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information required 
to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a confirmation 
in the time available or at all. A confirmation from a Rating Agency, if given, will be given on the basis of the 
facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time and in the context of cumulative changes to the 
transaction of which the Bonds form a part since the Establishment Date. A confirmation from a Rating Agency 
represents only a restatement of the then current rating of the Bonds and cannot be construed as advice for the 
benefit of any parties to the transaction of which the Bonds form a part. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its 
assigning rating agency at any time.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks relating to the Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign an unsolicited credit rating to the Bonds. These 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above and below and other factors that may affect the value of the Bonds. Such a rating may be lower than the 
rating assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies and may impact the market value of the Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to the transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). 
Similarly, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu, a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. These lists are updated after 
the adoption by ESMA or the FCA, respectively, of any decisions to withdraw the registration of a credit rating 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively. However, such lists are not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated list. 
Change to covenants subject to Ratings Confirmation 
Changes can be made to certain covenants provided that Ellevio obtains a Ratings Confirmation in respect of 
the particular change. The Rating Agencies may not provide their confirmation in the time available or at all, 
and they will not be responsible for the consequences thereof. A Ratings Confirmation, if given, will be given 
on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time. A Ratings Confirmation cannot be 
construed as advice for the benefit of any party to the transaction. No assurance can be given that, although a 
Ratings Confirmation in respect of any particular change has been provided, such change will not have an 
adverse impact upon Ellevio. 
Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets 
Prospective investors who intend to invest in the Green Bonds issued under the Programme must determine for 
themselves the relevance of the information in the relevant Final Terms (for example, regarding the use of 
proceeds) for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary. In particular, no assurance is or can be given to investors that the Eligibility Criteria 
or the Eligible Green Portfolio (each as defined in Chapter 12 “Use of Proceeds”) will meet or continue to meet 
on an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding investment in “green bond”, “green” or 
“sustainable” or equivalently-labelled projects.  
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer may request consultants and/or 
institutions with recognised relevant expertise to issue an opinion (i) confirming that the Eligible Green 
Portfolio (as defined in Chapter 12 “Use of Proceeds” below) has been defined in accordance with the broad

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles; and/or (ii) regarding the suitability of the Green Bonds as an investment in connection 
with certain environmental and sustainability projects (any such opinion, an “External Review”).  
Any External Review is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. An 
External Review may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk 
factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Green Bonds or the Eligible Green 
Portfolio. An External Review would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would 
only be current as of the date it is released. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any External Review and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of any External Review 
for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds. In particular, no assurance or representation is or can be 
given to investors that the External Review will reflect any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. The Bondholders have no recourse against the provider of any External Review. In addition, 
although the Issuer may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds 
obligations it would not be an event of default under the Bonds if the Issuer fails to comply with such obligations. 
A withdrawal of an External Review may affect the value of such Green Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. There is currently no market consensus 
on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’, and 
therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that the Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets (as defined 
in Chapter 12 “Use of Proceeds” below)  will meet all investor expectations regarding sustainability 
performance. Although the Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets have been selected in accordance with the 
categories recognised by the Green Bond Framework, and will be developed in accordance with the relevant 
legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not 
occur during the design, constructions, commissioning and operation of the Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Assets. In addition, where negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Assets may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
“EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) establishes a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, 
“sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” in the EU. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation. Until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known 
whether Ellevio’s Green Bonds or Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is 
not certain. Provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the legislative proposal for a 
European Green Bond Standard, which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds 
(such as Green Bonds) where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU taxonomy. 
However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or when 
such European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the Council of the EU and European 
Parliament. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond Standard, if and when 
implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green 
Bonds) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Bonds and their 
price. 
Further, although Ellevio may agree at the time of issue of Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds 
(including in the case of certain divestments described under Use of Proceeds) it would not have been an event 
of default under the Green Bonds if (i) Ellevio were to fail to comply with such obligations and/or (ii) the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
External Review were to be withdrawn. Any failure to use the net proceeds from the Green Bonds on Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Assets to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focussed investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price 
of the Green Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green assets. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the 
Green Bonds issued. None of the Arranger or the Dealers give any assurance or make any representation as to 
the suitability of the Green Bonds to fulfil social and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that no member of the Security Group, no Dealer, or the Arranger nor any other 
person makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Bonds to fulfil environmental and/or 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. No member of the Security Group is responsible for 
any third party assessment of the Eligibility Criteria. Nor is any Dealer or the Arranger responsible for (i) any 
assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, (ii) any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets 
meet the Eligibility Criteria, or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s 
website, the Ellevio Green Bond Framework and the External Review for further information. The External 
Review provider has been appointed by Ellevio. 
Certain risks related to Index-Linked Bonds 
Ellevio may issue Bonds with principal or interest determined by reference to the Swedish Consumer Price 
Index. Potential investors of all Bonds, but particularly of Index-Linked Bonds, should be aware that: 
 
the market price of such Bonds may be volatile; 
 
they may receive no interest; 
 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected; 
 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
 
the Swedish Consumer Price Index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates or other indices; 
 
if the Swedish Consumer Price Index is applied to Bonds in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Swedish Consumer Price Index 
on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
 
the timing of changes in the Swedish Consumer Price Index may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Swedish Consumer Price Index, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical performance of the Swedish Consumer Price Index should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Index during the term of any Index-Linked Bonds. 
In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes 
and may lose some or the entire principal amount invested by it. 
Certain risks related to Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Certain risks related to Fixed Rate Bonds 
Investment in the Bonds which bear a fixed rate of interest, involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Bonds. While 
the nominal interest rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during 
a certain period of time, market interest rates typically change on a daily basis. As market interest rates change, 
the price of such security changes in the opposite direction. If market interest rates increase, the price of such 
security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market interest 
rate. Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, 
until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate. Bondholders should 
be aware that the market price of the Bonds may fall as a result of movements in market interest rates. 
Certain risks related to Floating Rate Bonds referencing benchmarks that are subject to regulation 
and reform 
EURIBOR, STIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Bonds linked to such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR (together, the “BMRs”) could have a material impact on any Bonds linked to 
EURIBOR or another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMRs, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of, 
the published rate or level, of the benchmark. There is a risk that administrators of certain “benchmarks” will 
fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such “benchmarks”. Other 
administrators may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of the additional costs of compliance 
with the BMRs and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith.Whilst no changes to the 
EURIBOR methodology are expected in the short term, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) 
which sets and administers EURIBOR has stated that it remains committed to reforming the EURIBOR quote-
based methodology to anchor it in transactions and adapt it to the evolving market circumstances. Actions by 
the EMMI, regulators or law enforcement agencies may therefore affect EURIBOR (and/or the determination 
or availability thereof) in unknown ways which could adversely affect the determination of the rate of interest 
on the Bonds and/or the liquidity of the Bonds and their market value.  Other interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) 
suffer similar weaknesses and although work continues on reforming their respective methodologies to make 
them more grounded in actual transactions, they may be discontinued or be subject to changes in their 
administration.  
Changes to the administration of an IBOR or the emergence of alternatives to an IBOR, may cause such IBOR 
to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
discontinuation of an IBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate 
of Interest is calculated in respect of any Bonds referencing or linked to such IBOR. The development of 
alternatives to an IBOR may result in Bonds linked to or referencing such IBOR performing differently than 
would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such IBOR had not developed. Any such consequences 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any such Bonds linked to or referencing 
such IBOR. Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market are being developed, outstanding 
Bonds linked to or referencing an IBOR may transition away from such IBOR in accordance with the particular 
fallback arrangements set out in their terms and conditions. The operation of these fallback arrangements could 
result in a different return for Bondholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
might receive under other similar securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including 
those which they may otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are 
introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an alternative rate). Any such consequences could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any such Bonds linked to or referencing such IBOR. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Bonds in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Bonds referencing a benchmark 
Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements 
and/or the liquidity associated with a holding of the Bonds for certain investors  
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) approved significant changes to the 
Basel II regulatory capital and liquidity framework in 2011 (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel 
III”). In particular, Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically 
important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum 
liquidity standards (referred to as the “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” and the “Net Stable Funding Ratio”). Basel 
III has been implemented in the EEA through the CRD IV Directive. As CRD IV allows certain national 
discretions, the final rules and the timetable for their implementation in each jurisdiction may be subject to 
some level of national variation.  
Therefore, it can be expected that laws and regulations relating to capital requirements and related prudential 
regulatory matters will continue to develop.  
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic: (a) the implementation date of standards finalised by the Basel 
Committee in December 2017 (commonly referred to as “Basel IV”) had been postponed by one year to 1 
January 2023 and (b) the completion date for the accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028.  
There is a risk that changes under CRD IV, Basel III and Basel IV, as described above, may have an impact on 
the capital requirements in respect of the Bonds and/or on incentives to hold the Bonds, therefore impacting 
investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may adversely 
affect the liquidity and/or value of the Bonds. In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the 
regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Bonds and as to the consequences for and effect on them of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
any changes to the Basel framework (including the changes described above) and the relevant implementing 
measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Denominations and trading 
The Bonds will either be Bearer Bonds or Registered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) and serially numbered in the Specified Denomination(s) provided 
that in the case of any Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances that 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be SEK1,000,000, £100,000, €100,000, U.S.$200,000 or not less than the equivalent of €100,000 in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Bonds. 
Bonds may be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples of a number that 
is smaller than the Specified Denomination. It is possible that the Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination: (a) may not be able to trade such holding; and (b) may not receive a 
definitive bond in respect of such holding (should Definitive Bonds (as defined in the Forms of Bonds) be 
printed) unless such Bondholder purchases a principal amount of Bonds such that its holding amounts to at least 
the minimum Specified Denomination. 
The Bonds could be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange control risks 
Ellevio will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Ellevio has no control over the factors that generally affect 
these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. 
Moreover, if payments on certain Bonds are determined by reference to a formula containing a multiplier or 
leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between the applicable currencies will be 
magnified. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been highly volatile and volatility 
between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future. Fluctuations between currencies 
in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in the future. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Bonds, the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Bonds and the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
CHAPTER 3 
THE PARTIES 
Ellevio or Issuer 
Ellevio AB (publ), a company incorporated under the laws of 
Sweden with limited liability with registered number 556037-
7326.  
Parent, Guarantor or Ellevio Holding 
Ellevio Holding 4 AB, a company incorporated with limited 
liability in Sweden with registered number 559005-2451. 
Bondholders 
Holders of the Bonds issued by the Issuer from time to time, as 
further described in the definition of “Bondholder” in the 
Glossary of Defined Terms. 
Obligors 
Ellevio and the Parent and any other person who accedes to, inter 
alia, the STID and the CTA or in accordance with the terms of 
the Finance Documents. 
Security Group 
Ellevio and the Parent. 
Security Group Agent 
Ellevio.  
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V., Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) and NatWest Markets N.V. 
Bond Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any other or additional trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Security Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any successor appointed as 
security trustee pursuant to the STID. 
Hedge Counterparties 
Certain financial institutions which from time to time enter into 
Hedging Agreements with Ellevio as counterparties and which 
comply with certain criteria set out in the Hedging Policy, in the 
Common Terms Agreement and described in Chapter 16 
“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme 
Documents”. The name and a brief description of each current 
Hedge Counterparty is set out in Chapter 14, “Description of the 
Hedge Counterparties”. Ellevio may enter into further Hedging 
Agreements from time to time which comply with the Hedging 
Policy.  
Secured Creditors 
The Bondholders, the Initial ACF Lenders, Class B Senior Term 
Facility Lenders, the WC Lenders, the Capex Lenders, the Hedge 
Counterparties, the Institutional Loan Providers, the Account 
Bank, the Security Trustee, the Facility Agent(s), the Bond 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agents, 
the Agent Bank,  the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent and any other entity which provides funding 
to the Obligors and accedes to the STID and CTA from time to 
time.  
Class A Creditors 
Any provider of Class A Debt.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Class A Debt 
Any Financial Indebtedness that is, for the purposes of the STID, 
to be treated as Class A Debt. 
Class B Creditors 
Any provider of Class B Debt. 
Class B Debt 
Any Financial Indebtedness that is, for the purposes of the STID, 
to be treated as Class B Debt. 
Class B Senior Term Facility Lenders 
The lenders under the Senior Term Facilities from time to time.  
Capex Facility Providers 
 Any party which provides the Issuer with a Capex Facility and 
accedes to the Common Terms Agreement. 
WC Lenders 
The lenders under a WC Facility from time to time. 
Facility Agent 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Institutional Loan Providers 
Those institutions which provide the Institutional Loans to 
Ellevio from time to time.  
Class A LF Provider(s) 
The Class A LF Providers and any bank or financial institution 
which has become a party to the Class A Liquidity Facility 
Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement which, in each case, has not ceased to be a 
party in accordance with the terms of the Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. The name and a brief description of each 
current Class A LF Provider is set out in Chapter 15, 
“Description of the Liquidity Facility Providers”. 
Class B LF Provider(s) 
The Class B LF Providers and any bank or financial institution 
which has become a party to the Class B Liquidity Facility 
Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Class B Liquidity 
Facility Agreement which, in each case, has not ceased to be a 
party in accordance with the terms of the Class B Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. As at the date of this Prospectus, there are 
no current Class B LF Providers. 
Paying Agents 
The several institutions (including, where the context permits, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent) at their respective specified 
offices initially appointed as paying agents in relation to such 
Bonds by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement 
and/or, if applicable, any successor paying agents at their 
respective specified offices in relation to all or any Tranche of 
the Bonds as well as additional paying agents appointed under 
supplemental agency agreements as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which Bonds may be issued or sold from time to 
time. 
Primary Account Bank 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any successor 
account bank appointed pursuant to the Account Bank 
Agreement.  
Cash Manager 
Ellevio, or during and after any Standstill Period and/or 
acceleration of the Secured Debt, the Standstill Cash Manager. 
Standstill Cash Manager 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Registrar 
In relation to any Tranche of Registered Bonds, Citigroup Global 
Markets Deutschland AG or, if applicable, any successor 
registrar appointed pursuant to the Bond Programme Documents 
in relation to all or any Tranche of Bonds. 
Transfer Agent(s) 
In relation to all or any Tranche of the Registered Bonds, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, or if applicable, the several 
institutions at their respective specified offices initially 
appointed as transfer agents in relation to such Bonds by the 
Issuer pursuant to the relative Agency Agreement and/or, if 
applicable, any successor transfer agents at their respective 
specified offices in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds. 
Rating Agencies 
means S&P and any successor to any of the aforementioned and 
any further rating agency appointed by the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
CHAPTER 4 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of the Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. Words and expressions not defined in this section shall have the same meanings as defined in 
Chapter 9 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
Description 
Bond Programme for the issuance of Bonds by the Issuer. 
Bond Programme Size 
Up to EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein) aggregate nominal amount of 
Bonds outstanding at any time as increased from time to time by 
the Issuer. 
Issuance in Classes 
Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Bond Programme have been 
and will be issued in Series, with each Series belonging to one of 
two Classes. The Bonds issued by the Issuer are and will be 
designated as one of Class A Bonds or Class B Bonds. Each Class 
comprises one or more Sub-Classes of Bonds with each Sub-
Class pertaining to, among other things, the currency, interest 
rate and Final Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-Class and each 
Sub-Class can be issued in one or more Tranches, the specific 
terms of each Tranche of a Sub-Class being identical in all 
respects, save for the issue dates, interest commencement dates 
and/or issue prices, to the terms of the other Tranches of such 
Sub-Class. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Bonds will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
Issue Dates 
The date of issue of a Tranche of Bonds as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (each an “Issue 
Date”). 
Distribution 
Bonds have been and may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply has been and will only be issued in 
circumstances in which such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements are complied with from 
time to time, including the restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. See Chapter 18 (“Subscription and Sale”). 
Currencies 
Euro, Swedish Krona, sterling, U.S. dollars, Norwegian kroner, 
and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer.  
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the Relevant Currency (as 
defined in the Conditions). 
Bonds with a maturity of less than one year: 
Where the Issuer wishes to issue Bonds with a maturity of less 
than one year, it shall ensure that the Bonds are issued in full 
compliance with the conditions set out in Notice BSD C 01/02 
dated 12 November 2002 (as amended from time to time) issued 
by the Central Bank pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank 
Act, 1971 (as amended) of Ireland, including that the Bonds 
comply with, inter alia, the following criteria: 
(a) at the time of issue, the Bonds must be backed by assets to 
at least 100 per cent. of the value of the Bonds issued; 
(b) at the time of issue, the Bonds must be rated at least 
investment grade by one or more recognised rating 
agencies, based on the definitions set out in the Central 
Bank Implementation Notice for credit institutions (BSD S 
2/00 of 30 June 2000) of the EU directive on the capital 
adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions; 
(c) the Bonds must be issued and transferable in minimum 
denominations of €300,000 or the foreign currency 
equivalent; 
(d) the Bonds carry the title “Commercial Paper” (unless 
constituted under the laws of a country other than Ireland 
and, under those laws, the commercial paper carries a 
different title in which case it must carry such title) and 
must identify the issuer by name; 
(e) it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Bonds and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and the 
initial investor in the Bonds that they are issued in 
accordance with an exemption granted by the Central Bank 
under Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 of Ireland 
(as amended); 
(f) 
it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Bonds and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and the 
initial investor in the Bonds that the investment does not 
have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central 
Bank and that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central 
Bank arising from the issue of the Bonds; and 
(g) any issue of Bonds which is guaranteed must carry a 
statement to the effect that it is guaranteed and identify the 
guarantor by name.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Issue Price 
Bonds have been and will be issued on a fully paid basis and may 
be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Interest 
Bonds are, and will be unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, interest-bearing and 
interest is or will be calculated (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) on the Principal 
Amount Outstanding (as defined in the Conditions) of such 
Bond. Interest accrues or will accrue at a fixed or floating rate 
(plus, in the case of Index-Linked Bonds, amounts in respect of 
indexation) and is or will be payable in arrear, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Interest is or will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as defined 
in the Conditions) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Form of Bonds 
Each Series of Bonds will be issued in bearer or registered form 
as described in Chapter 9 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
Registered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Bonds. 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
Fixed Rate Bonds bear or will bear interest at a fixed rate of 
interest payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer and on redemption, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Floating Rate Bonds 
Floating Rate Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the Relevant Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Bonds of the 
relevant Series) as set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus; or 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service (being 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or such other reference rate 
as may be specified in a Drawdown Prospectus). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Bonds. 
Index-Linked Bonds 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether 
at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Index-Linked Bonds 
(including Limited Index-Linked Bonds as defined in Condition 
7(a)) (Definitions)) are or may be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Indexation) by reference to the Swedish Consumer 
Price Index.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Interest payment dates will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Redemption 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(a) (Redemption by 
Instalments and Final Redemption), unless previously redeemed, 
purchased and cancelled as provided in Condition 8 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options):  
(a) each Bond that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified 
thereon; and 
(b) each Bond shall be finally redeemed on the Final Maturity 
Date specified thereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided thereon, is its nominal 
amount) or, in the case of a Bond falling within paragraph 
(a) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
Redemption for Index Event, Taxation 
or Other Reasons 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(c) (Redemption for 
Index Events), upon the occurrence of any Index Event, the 
Issuer may, upon giving not more than 15 nor fewer than five 
Business Days’ prior written notice to the Bond Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, the other Secured Creditors and the holders of 
the Index-Linked Bonds in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Index-Linked 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date at the Principal Amount 
Outstanding (adjusted for indexation) plus accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(d) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), if: (i) the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee 
(upon which certification the Bond Trustee shall rely absolutely 
and without enquiry or liability) that: 
(a) it has or will become obliged to deduct or withhold from 
any payment of interest or principal in respect of the Bonds; 
(b) it or a Hedge Counterparty has or will become obliged to 
deduct or withhold from any payment in respect of a 
Hedging Agreement 
(although in neither case will the Issuer or a Hedge Counterparty 
have any obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of such 
withholding or deduction) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or any political 
subdivision or, in each case, any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Bonds; and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, then the Issuer may, upon 
giving not less than five Business Days nor more than 15

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Business Days’ notice to the Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) at 
their Early Redemption Amount, redeem the Bonds in whole, but 
not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Bond is either a 
Floating Rate Bond or an Index-Linked Bond) or at any time (if 
this Bond is neither a Floating Rate Bond nor an Index-Linked 
Bond). 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) the Issuer may, having given not less than 
10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the relevant 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), redeem 
all or only some of the following: 
(a) Floating Rate Bonds; 
(b) Euro Bonds; 
(c) Swedish Krona Bonds; 
(d) US Bonds;  
(e) Norwegian Kroner Bonds; and 
(f) 
Index-Linked Bonds, 
then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and 
excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant: 
(g) Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus any premium for early redemption in 
certain years (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement) plus any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Principal Amount Outstanding; or  
(h) Euro Bond Maturity Date at the Optional Euro Bond 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro Bonds; 
or 
(i) 
Swedish Krona Bond Maturity Date at the Optional 
Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the relevant Swedish Krona Bonds; or 
(j) 
U.S. Dollar Bond Maturity Date at the Optional U.S. Dollar 
Bond Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. 
Dollar Bonds;  
(k) Norwegian Kroner Bond Maturity Date at the Optional 
Norwegian Kroner Bond Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the relevant Norwegian Kroner Bonds; or 
(l) 
Index-Linked Bond Maturity Date at the Principal Amount 
Outstanding (plus any premium for early redemption (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest up to and including the date of redemption

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(in each case, as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b) 
(Application of the Index Ratio). 
Denomination of Bonds 
Bonds have been and will be issued in such denominations as 
have been or may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer save that: (i) in the case of any Bonds which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Bonds); and (ii) in any other case, the minimum specified 
denomination of each Bond will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Relevant Currency. The “Specified Denomination” will be 
specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (see 
section “Certain Restrictions” above). 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Bonds, the Receipts and Coupons shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation). 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds in issue constitute and any future Bonds and the 
corresponding Receipts and Coupons issued under the Bond 
Programme will constitute secured obligations of the Issuer. Any 
Class of Bonds and the corresponding Receipts and Coupons 
may comprise a number of issues in addition to the initial 
Tranche of such Class, each of which will be issued on identical 
terms save for the first Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date and 
the Issue Price and will be consolidated and form a Series with 
the prior issues of the relevant Class.  
Each Class of Bonds issued under the Bond Programme will rank 
pari passu without preference or priority in point of security 
amongst themselves. 
The Bonds and the corresponding Receipts and Coupons 
represent the right of the holders of such Bonds and the 
corresponding Receipts and Coupons to receive interest principal 
payments from the Issuer in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds (the “Conditions”) and the trust deed 
(as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) (the 
“Trust Deed”) entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Bond Trustee in connection with the Bond Programme.  
The Class A Bonds and the corresponding Receipts and Coupons 
and any further Class A Bonds and the corresponding Receipts 
and Coupons issued under the Bond Programme will rank pari 
passu with respect to payments of interest and principal. All

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
claims in respect of the Class A Bonds and the corresponding 
Receipts and Coupons and any further Class A Bonds and the 
corresponding Receipts and Coupons issued under the Bond 
Programme will rank in priority to payments or interest and 
principal due on all Class B Bonds and the corresponding 
Receipts and Coupons. 
In the case of interest and principal on Class B Bonds and the 
corresponding Receipts and Coupons only, if, on any Interest 
Payment Date or any date upon which such Class B Bond and 
the corresponding Receipts and Coupons is to be redeemed (in 
whole or in part) prior to the taking of Enforcement Action, there 
are insufficient funds available to the Issuer to pay accrued 
interest or principal on the Class B Bonds and the corresponding 
Receipts and Coupons (after taking into account, in respect of 
interest, any amounts available to be drawn under the Class B 
Liquidity Facility or from the Class B Debt Service Reserve 
Account of the Issuer), the Issuer’s liability to pay such accrued 
interest or principal will be treated as not having fallen due and 
will be deferred until the earliest of: 
(i) 
the next following Interest Payment Date on which 
the Issuer has, in accordance with the Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, sufficient funds 
available to pay such deferred amounts (including 
any interest accrued thereon); 
(ii) the date on which the Class A Debt has been paid in 
full; and 
(iii) an acceleration of and enforcement of rights by the 
Secured Creditors (other than a Permitted Hedge 
Termination). 
Security Group Covenants 
The representations, warranties, covenants (positive, negative 
and financial) and events of default which apply and will apply 
to, among other things, the Bonds are set out in the common 
terms agreement dated the Signing Date and as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time (the “CTA”) (see 
Chapter 16 “Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond 
Programme Documents – Common Terms Agreement”). 
Guarantee and Security 
The outstanding Bonds in issue are, and further Bonds issued 
under the Bond Programme will be, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in the STID 
(the “Guarantee”). The Guarantee constitutes a direct, 
unconditional and secured obligation of the Guarantor. Further, 
the obligations of the Issuer will be secured pursuant to security 
agreements in favour of the Security Trustee (the “Security 
Documents”). The Security is held by the Security Trustee on 
trust for the Secured Creditors (as defined below) under the terms 
of the Security Documents and subject to the terms of the STID 
(as defined below) (see Chapter 16 “Summary of the Finance

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Security 
Documents”). 
 
The Parent has provided a pledge over the shares it holds in its 
wholly owned subsidiary, Ellevio (the “Parent Share Pledge”). 
The Parent Share Pledge secures the Parent’s obligations under 
its Guarantee of the obligations of Ellevio and of its obligation 
under the Security Agreement to fund an amount equivalent to 
the Secured Debt upon demand by the Security Trustee following 
an Event of Default. This funding obligation will facilitate a 
Permitted Share Pledge Enforcement during a Standstill (see 
Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond 
Programme Documents – Security Documents – The Parent – 
security over shares in the Issuer”)). 
Intercreditor Arrangements 
The Issuer and each Secured Creditor (other than the 
Bondholders) are  each  a party to the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed dated  the Signing Date (the “STID”), which 
regulates, among other things: (i) the claims of the Secured 
Creditors; (ii) the exercise and enforcement of rights by the 
Secured Creditors; (iii) the rights of the Secured Creditors to 
instruct the Security Trustee; (iv) the rights of the Secured 
Creditors during the occurrence of an Event of Default; (v) the 
Entrenched Rights, Extraordinary Voting Matters and Reserved 
Matters of each Secured Creditor; and (vi) the giving of consents 
and waivers and the making of amendments by the Secured 
Creditors (see Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents 
and the Bond Programme Documents”)). 
Class A Liquidity Facility 
The Class A LF Providers (as defined above) made available, on 
the Closing Date, to the Issuer, a revolving 364-day credit facility 
for the purpose of meeting certain shortfalls in revenues for the 
Issuer to meet its obligations to pay interest on the Class A Debt, 
which includes the Class A Bonds. 
The liquidity transactions entered into by Ellevio  have limited 
insolvency-related termination events/draw stops, with a view to 
such transactions becoming terminable by the relevant Liquidity 
Facility Providers only if an Acceleration Notice is delivered in 
respect of the Bonds. 
Class B Liquidity Facility 
The Class B LF Providers (as defined above) made available, on 
the Closing Date, to the Issuer, a revolving 364-day credit facility 
for the purpose of meeting certain shortfalls in revenues for the 
Issuer to meet its obligations to pay interest on the Class B Debt, 
which includes the Class B Bonds. 
The liquidity transactions entered into by Ellevio  have limited 
insolvency-related termination events/draw stops, with a view to 
such transactions becoming terminable by the relevant Liquidity 
Facility Providers only if an Acceleration Notice is delivered in 
respect of the Bonds.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Authorised Credit Facilities 
Subject to certain conditions being met, the Issuer is permitted 
to incur certain indebtedness under authorised credit facilities 
(each an “Authorised Credit Facility”) with an Authorised 
Credit Provider. 
These Authorised Credit Facilities may comprise loan, hedging, 
finance leases, liquidity facilities and other facilities (including 
letter of credit facilities) subject to the terms of the CTA and the 
STID. Each Authorised Credit Provider will be party to the CTA 
and the STID and may have voting rights thereunder. The Hedge 
Counterparties  constitute Authorised Credit Providers (see 
Chapter 16 “Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond 
Programme Documents”). 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
This document has been approved by the Central Bank as the 
Prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Unlisted Bonds may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus will state whether or not the relevant 
Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Ratings 
The ratings assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies reflect 
only the views of the Rating Agencies. The initial ratings of a 
Series of Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and will depend, among other things, on certain underlying 
characteristics of the business and financial condition of the 
Issuer from time to time. 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. These lists are updated after the adoption by ESMA 
or the FCA, respectively, of any decisions to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively. However, 
such lists are not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated list. 
Governing Law 
The Bonds, and each Bond Programme Document that the Issuer 
is a party to on the Bond Programme Signing Date and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. In addition, the Guarantor and the Issuer entered into the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Swedish Security Agreements, which are governed by Swedish 
law. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Sub-
Class such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer including, for example, CDS Clearing and Depositary 
Services Inc.  
Selling Restrictions 
There will be restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom and such other 
restrictions as may be required by law in the relevant 
jurisdictions in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Series of Bonds. 
 
The Bearer Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that the Bearer Bonds are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) 
the Bearer Bonds are issued other than in compliance with 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”) does not apply, which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Investor Information 
Ellevio is required to produce an investors’ report (the “Investor 
Report”) semi-annually to be delivered to the Secured Creditors 
with each set of financial statements and will be available at 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-
Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-
documents/. Such Investor Report will include, among other 
things: 
(a) a general overview of any relevant information, including 
general performance of Ellevio; 
(b) regulatory and business update; 
(c) the amount of any Capital Expenditure of Ellevio for the 
applicable period; 
(d) details of the current financing position, e.g. new issues, 
redemptions, etc.; 
(e) summary details of material acquisitions or disposals; 
(f) 
general overview of the current hedging position; and 
(g) confirmation that ratios have been met.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Each such Investor Report will be made available by the Issuer 
on the website of Ellevio. 
Private Placement 
The Issuer may from time to time offer private placement notes 
on a standalone basis. If issued, such private placement notes will 
rank pari passu with and be treated for all purposes in the same 
manner as the Class A Bonds or the Class B Bonds, as the case 
may be, save that they may have the benefit of additional 
representations and undertakings (in accordance with the STID, 
subject to such representations and undertakings being also 
extended for the benefit of all other Secured Creditors).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
CHAPTER 5 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCING STRUCTURE  
Financing Structure 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Prospectus, and in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of Bonds, the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer has authorised the establishment of the Bond Programme in order to raise finance in the capital 
markets through the issuance of the Bonds. Under the Bond Programme, the Issuer will, from time to time, 
issue Bonds the proceeds of which will be used as further described below and in Chapter 12 (“Use of 
Proceeds”). 
The Issuer will have the benefit of the Class A Liquidity Facility and the Class B Liquidity Facility to support 
debt service in respect of the Class A Bonds and the Class B Bonds, respectively. 
From and including the Closing Date, the Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Secured Creditors), 
the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders), any appointee of the Security Trustee or the 
Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Class A LF Providers, the Class B LF Providers the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Registrar, and the Transfer Agent (together the 
“Secured Creditors”)  have had the benefit of security granted by the Issuer pursuant to the Security Agreement. 
For a more detailed description of the security arrangements in respect of the obligations of the Issuer see 
Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Security 
Documents”). 
Ellevio Group Financing, Ownership and Debt Structure 
Ellevio Holding owns Ellevio, a licensed electricity distribution company operating in Sweden. Ellevio was 
acquired by Ellevio Sverige AB in June 2015 (the “Acquisition”). Ellevio Sverige AB was owned by Ellevio 
Holding (then known as Sigurd HoldCo4 AB) and was merged into Ellevio after the Acquisition. 
Ellevio borrowed money under the initial authorised credit facilities agreement entered into with certain lenders 
on the Signing Date, which was amended and restated on 18 January 2019 (the “IACFA”). Under the IACFA, 
a revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and an ancillary facility (an “Ancillary Facility”) 
was made available to Ellevio. 
Ellevio used or may use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility: 
(a) 
to enable Ellevio to refinance existing indebtedness owed under the IACFA before it was 
amended on 18 January 2019 (the “Existing Indebtedness”) (including any related hedging); 
(b) 
the financing or refinancing of Capital Expenditure of the Security Group (including expenditure 
relating to any Certified Storm Event) to the extent such Capital Expenditure will accrue to the 
RAV of the Security Group or will generate regulated income under the applicable regulatory 
regime at the time of the relevant Utilisation; 
(c) 
the financing of Permitted Acquisitions as described in paragraphs (d) and (f) of the definition 
thereof (and excluding any Permitted Acquisition constituting a Hostile Takeover); 
(d) 
costs and expenses incurred (on an arm’s length basis) in connection with any Permitted 
Acquisition pursuant to paragraph (c) above; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(e) 
the refinancing of any existing Financial Indebtedness of the relevant target company or business 
acquired in any Permitted Acquisition referenced in paragraph (c) above. 
Ellevio may apply any utilisation of any Ancillary Facility towards general corporate purposes and the working 
capital requirements of the Security Group. 
Facility A1, Facility A2, Facility A3, the Capex Facility and the WC Facility originally provided under the 
IACFA (before it was amended on 18 January 2019) were repaid and replaced with the Revolving Credit Facility 
upon the amendment of the IACFA on 18 January 2019. 
On the Closing Date, Ellevio entered into hedging agreements (the “Hedging Agreements”) with certain hedge 
counterparties (the “Hedge Counterparties”) with respect to the debt incurred under the Secured Debt. 
Ellevio has the benefit of the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement 
which supports scheduled debt service obligations under the bonds, external bank debt and the hedging relating 
to the Secured Debt. 
Guarantee, Security and Intercreditor Voting Arrangements 
On the Closing Date, Ellevio Holding provided a Guarantee (which is contained in the STID) of the obligations 
of the Security Group under the Common Documents. For a more detailed description of the Guarantee, see 
Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents and the Bond Programme Documents – Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed”). On the Closing Date, the Parent provided a pledge over the shares it holds in Ellevio, its 
wholly owned subsidiary. The Parent share pledge  secures Ellevio Holding’s obligations under its Guarantee 
of the obligations of Ellevio and itself (the “Parent Share Pledge”). 
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, the following Secured Creditors are  entitled to vote (in the case of paragraphs 
(a) to (c) below, represented by their respective agent or, in the case of the Qualifying Bondholders, the Bond 
Trustee): 
(a) 
the Original Initial ACF Lenders; 
(b) 
the Capex provider(s); 
(c) 
the WC Facility provider(s); 
(d) 
the Class A LF Providers; 
(e) 
the Qualifying Bondholders; 
(f) 
in relation to any vote on whether to take Enforcement Action or following Enforcement Action, 
the Hedge Counterparties; 
(g) 
any representative in respect of Authorised Credit Facilities; and 
(h) 
the Class B LF Providers. 
(together, the “Qualifying Secured Creditors” and each a “Qualifying Secured Creditor”) on the Closing 
Date. 
For a more detailed description of the voting mechanics see Chapter 16 (“Summary of the Finance Documents 
and the Bond Programme Documents – Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”).

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
FINANCING STRUCTURE 
The diagram below is a simplified representation of the Ellevio Group and the  financing structure as at the date 
of this Prospectus. Certain Subsidiaries are not represented below. 
 
 
Ring-fence for  
refinancing structure 
Class A Liquidity 
Facility 
Authorised credit 
facilities including 
Institutional / PP Debt 
Bonds 
IACFA 
Ancillary 
facilities 
Hedge 
Counterparties 
Ellevio Holding 3 AB 
Sweden 
Ellevio Holding 4 AB 
Sweden 
Ellevio AB (publ) 
Sweden 
Class B Liquidity 
Facility

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
CHAPTER 6 
DESCRIPTION OF ELLEVIO 
OVERVIEW 
Ellevio AB (publ) (“Ellevio” or the “Issuer”) is an electricity distribution business owned in its entirety by Ellevio 
Holding 4 AB (“Ellevio Holding” or the “Parent”) (together, the “Security Group” or “Obligors”). Ellevio is 
headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden. See below for an illustration of the full control structure of the Group. 
Ellevio was incorporated under Swedish law and as a limited liability company on 15 September 1938 (and 
subsequently registered with Swedish registration number 556037-7326 on 7 November 1938). Ellevio’s registered 
office is Valhallavägen 203, 115 53 Stockholm, Sweden and its telephone number is +46 (0)86 06 00 00. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, Ellevio’s authorised share capital is SEK600,000 and it has 30 issued and outstanding shares. 
Ellevio is owned by a consortium of long-term, experienced, strategic investors: OMERS Infrastructure (50 per cent.), 
Folksam (17.5 per cent.), Third Swedish National Pension Fund (“AP3”) (20 per cent.) and AMF (12.5 per cent.) 
(together the “Shareholders”). In terms of number of customer connections, Ellevio is the second largest electricity 
Distribution System Operator (“DSO”) in Sweden, distributing electricity to 971,000 customers.9 In 2022, Ellevio 
generated net sales of SEK 7,535 million10 and an EBITDA of 3,918 million.11 
Additional information 
Ellevio is subject to economic regulation as further described in Chapter 7 (“Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation 
to Which Ellevio is Subject”) of this Prospectus. As such, Ellevio’s operational performance can impact on its 
financial performance through the incentives and penalties systems that the Swedish Energy Market Inspectorate 
(Energimarknadsinspektionen or Ei) has in place. Ellevio believes that such operational performance figures are not 
financial measures and are not alternative performance measures unless specifically disclosed as such. 
Simplified Control Structure 
The Security Group comprises Ellevio Holding 4 AB and the Issuer. The Issuer is the 100 per cent. owned subsidiary 
of Ellevio Holding 4 AB. The Issuer is the revenue generating entity in the Security Group.  
Company 
Corp. ID No. 
Share (%) 
Ellevio Holding 1 AB 
559005–2444 
100 
AB Edsbyns Elverk
556015–7686
100
AB Helsinge Elhandel
556075–0118
100
Ellevio Energy Solutions AB
559366–8600
100
Ellevio Sverige AB
559414–0542
100
Ellevio Holding 2 AB
559001–1937
100
Ellevio Holding 3 AB
559005–2436
100
Ellevio Holding 4 AB
559005–2451
100
Ellevio AB (publ)
556037–7326
100
 
 
 
9  Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022. 
10 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022.  
11 Source: Ellevio Annual Report 2022. EBITDA is an alternative performance measure with the definition: Operating profit plus depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Source: Ellevio 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND REGULATORY CONTEXT 
The regulatory framework in which Ellevio operates 
Electricity distribution is a regulated, regional monopoly business in Sweden. As one of the first adopters of an 
independent regulatory approach, Sweden has maintained a well-developed and transparent regime for over 20 years. 
The Swedish regulator, the Ei, is an independent regulatory authority operating under the framework of the Swedish 
Energy Agency (Statens Energimyndighet or EA). The EA is to a large extent based on the directives and regulations 
of the EU and provides regulation in relation to power installations, trade in electrical power, and electrical safety. 
The EA is complemented by ordinances issued by the Swedish government (for example, the Electricity Ordinance 
which regulates concession applications and lays out the methodology of revenue calculations for DSOs). 
DSOs are regulated by the Ei, which supervises the implementation of the EA. The Ei monitors and analyses the 
development of the electricity markets as well as submits proposals for changes to regulations or other measures that 
may improve how the markets function. DSOs have discretion to set distribution tariffs within the regulatory 
framework. The concept of regulatory periods was introduced in 2012. The current regulatory period (RP3) began 
on 1 January 2020.  
In Sweden, the court system has traditionally played a role as an impartial arbiter between DSOs and the Ei. As such, 
it has become common practice in Sweden for the industry to seek court rulings (in respect of certain decisions) in 
order to strengthen the framework. The court system also plays this role in respect of other regulated industries in 
Sweden such as telecommunications and gas distribution.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
The regulatory framework should ensure that the networks maintain good quality and provide a reliable and secure 
24/7 supply. This compensates network companies for reasonable costs related to managing their business and a 
reasonable yield on investments made. According to the Electricity Act, the prices that customers pay should be fair, 
objective and non-discriminatory.  
The permitted revenues resolved by the Ei comprise four different components:  
(a) capital compensation, comprising capital cost and a rate of return on RAV;  
(b) non-controllable costs;  
(c) controllable costs; and  
(d) quality incentive and any regulatory surplus/deficit from the previous regulatory period. 
Compensation for capital costs is compensation for the actual electricity network assets, including systems for 
operating the electricity network and metering electricity use, and investments made in these systems. The 
compensation is based on each company’s electricity network assets (a regulatory calculation that is the same for all 
network companies) and a reference interest rate (weighted average cost of capital, WACC) that is meant to cover 
interest on loans and returns to shareholders. The reference rate for the regulatory period 2016–2019 was 5.85 per 
cent. Ahead of the regulatory period 2020–2023, the Ei has decided to reduce the reference interest rate to 2.16 per 
cent.  
Non-controllable costs are costs that network companies cannot affect and which instead pass “straight through” 
their operations. This refers mainly to costs for “overhead networks”, which are the networks that transmit the 
electricity from the production site to each company’s electricity network, such as the national network owner 
Svenska Kraftnät, and costs for purchasing electricity that is lost in transmission (“network losses”). Non-controllable 
costs also include public authority fees that network companies are required to charge customers. 
Controllable costs are costs that network companies can affect: fault repairs, staff costs, customer service, network 
monitoring, etc. These costs are subject to efficiency requirements, which require companies to incrementally 
improve efficiency each year.  
The quality incentive was previously based on power outages that last between three minutes and twelve hours. Now, 
power outages that last for more than twelve hours are also included. Depending upon the reliability of a company’s 
electricity network, its permitted revenue may be increased or decreased. 
Licencing conditions in Sweden are in line with those of other European regulated industries with strong track records. 
DSOs are required to obtain a network concession from the Ei under the EA to construct or operate an electricity line. 
This can either be an Area Concession relating to a particular geographical area or a Line Concession involving a 
line with a fixed route, which may cross several geographical areas. 
For more information on the regulatory framework, please see Chapter 7 (“Selected Aspects of Swedish Regulation 
to which Ellevio is Subject”). 
Court case regarding permitted revenue 2020–2023  
For the current regulatory period 2020–2023, the Ei decided on allowed revenue corresponding to a WACC of 2.16 
per cent. Some 120 electricity grid companies have appealed this level, which is far from sufficient to enable the 
investments required to meet society’s demand for a reliable energy system.  
In June 2022, the Administrative Court of Appeal ruled that the regulation contravenes the EU’s Third Electricity 
Market Directive and instructed the Ei to revise their decision on the reference interest rate from 2019. The Ei will 
make a new decision during 2023 based on the guidelines from the court. 
Data reporting for regulatory period 2024–2027

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
A decision on the revenue framework for 2024–2027 will be submitted by Ei by 31 October 2023.  
THE SWEDISH ELECTRICITY MARKET – PREREQUISITES, TRENDS AND DRIVERS 
Sweden’s energy policy 
The framework of Sweden’s energy policy is shaped by the Paris Agreement’s aim to keep global temperature 
increases below 1.5°C as well as the EU’s energy policy framework. Sweden’s ambition is to be at the forefront of 
climate efforts, and it has set an aim of becoming the world’s first fossil-free welfare state. In 2016, the Swedish 
Parliament decided that Sweden is to no longer produce any net emissions of greenhouse gases by 2045. This is 
placing major demands on the electricity network of the future. If Sweden is to achieve its climate targets, electricity 
network companies must invest heavily in the electricity networks at every level: nationally, regionally and locally. 
Overview of the Swedish energy market 
 
Sweden’s electricity network  
Electricity grids are natural monopolies as it is not socioeconomically feasible to build parallel networks. Households 
and companies are connected to the grid where they live and operate and are therefore customers to the local grid 
company.  
The electricity network consists of three grid types that connect the entire country. The national grid refers to the 
lines that transport electricity from power stations to the regional networks. The electricity is transported over long 
distances and the voltage is high – 200–400 kilovolts.  
The national grid is owned and managed by the state through Svenska kraftnät.  
Regional grids are the lines that hold the national grid and local grids together. The voltage in the regional grids is 
40–220 kilovolts. The regional grids are owned by network companies such as Ellevio.  
Local grids are the lines that distribute electricity at the very last stage to customers, such as companies and 
households. The voltage on these grids is 40 kilovolts or lower, and the grids are owned by network companies such 
as Ellevio. Approximately 84 per cent. of Ellevio’s local grids are buried. 
Operators in the electricity market 
The Ei monitors, reviews and regulates the energy market and its operators.  
Electricity network companies own, operate and develop regional and local networks and transport electricity from 
the production sites to the customer. Customers are connected to the electricity grid where they live.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Electricity producers produce electricity via hydroelectric power, nuclear power, wind power, bio power, wave power 
and solar power, for example.  
The electricity produced in Sweden is around 98 per cent. fossil-free. Approximately 30 per cent. of electricity 
production comes from nuclear power (since 2020). 35–45 per cent. comes from hydropower (varies with wet 
years/dry years) and 18–20 per cent. from wind power (however growing share of wind power). The remaining 
electricity comes from biofuel-fired cogeneration plants and, to a growing extent, solar photovoltaic cells12.  
Private electricity producers include homeowners with solar panels on their roof, for example.  
The NordPool electricity market is the trading venue that sets the price for electricity. Electricity trading companies 
purchase electricity from the electricity market and sell it on to end users. There is free competition and customers 
can choose from among more than 100 electricity trading companies. 
Aggregators group multiple customers’ electricity use and production into larger units for sale, purchase or auction 
in the energy markets.  
Distribution of Electricity cost  
The cost of electricity consists of electricity transmission, electricity consumption and taxes and fees. In 2022, the 
share of network cost for a domestic customer in Ellevio’s network accounted for 13 per cent. of the total electricity 
cost.  
There are costs associated with transporting electricity through the electricity grid to the place where it is to be used. 
As it is not economically viable to build parallel electricity grids, the electricity user is a customer of the network 
company that owns the grid in the area where the customer lives or works.  
The invoice consists partly of a payment to the network company (e.g. Ellevio) in the form of a fixed subscription 
fee and a variable cost that varies with consumption, and partly of taxes and VAT. The fee covers the costs of the 
grid, such as operation, troubleshooting, maintenance, modernisation, expansion and customer service. The network 
companies are also obliged to charge fees to cover public authority fees and electricity tax. 
Electricity used by the customer is purchased from an electricity trading company of their choosing. The customer 
invoice consists of a variable cost for electricity consumed, and often a fixed subscription fee.  
Over 50 per cent. of the electricity cost comprises government taxes and fees to authorities, such as the energy tax 
and VAT. This tax is paid via invoices from the network and electricity trading companies, and consists of the energy 
tax (added to the network company’s invoice) and 25 per cent. VAT. The electricity tax was 45 öre/kWh in 2022 and 
49 öre/KWh in 2023. 
Distribution of electricity costs for private-house customers on Ellevio’s network, 2022* 
 
 
12 Source: Swedenergy 2022

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 *Calculated based on a customer with a 20A fuse and consumption of 20,000 kWh/year. The electricity trading cost is calculated 
based on electricity trading prices in 2022 in price area SE3. The electricity tax amounted to 0.45 öre per KWh in 2022 plus VAT 
on the electricity trading and network cost. 
Major need for investment and greater demand for electricity 
The fossil-free, electrified society of the future needs a smart electricity system with greater capacity and flexibility 
than today. Network companies play a decisive role in this, and there is need for investment.  
Sweden’s electricity consumption has remained largely constant since the 1980s, but demand for electricity is 
predicted to more than double in the next 20 years.  
The business community is the driver of this transition. Major technological transformations are under way in areas 
such as basic industry, the steel industry in northern Sweden and the transport sector.  
Sweden currently has an ageing electricity network. Major parts of it have reached the end of their technical service 
life and need replacing. Moreover, the transition requires a smart and more flexible electricity system, which is why 
network companies are making the largest investments in the electricity network since the 1960s and 1970s.  
In March 2022, Ellevio presented the report “Vad kostar framtiden?” (What will the future cost?), which laid out the 
investment requirements for new network infrastructure to enable twice as much electricity consumption in the next 
20 years. The previous forecast of SEK 500 billion in electricity network investments was adjusted upwards to SEK 
670 billion by 2045. 
Electrification, digitalisation, urbanisation and new types of production are all placing new requirements on Ellevio’s 
electricity network. Ellevio has invested approximately SEK 16.6 billion between 2018 and 2022 to modernise and 
future-proof the electricity grids. 
Long investment horizon  
Network operations require a very long planning horizon, as Ellevio is responsible for infrastructure that needs to be 
operational for many decades to come. At the same time, network companies require extensive access to capital and 
need to take long-term responsibility. This places strict long-term planning demands on Ellevio, its owners – and not 
least the network regulation that sets the framework for the market.  
Lengthy permit processes remain an obstacle 
Time-consuming permit processes are slowing down the requisite investments in the electricity network. Lead times 
from decision to implemented project can be as long as ten years.  
In August 2021, a new law took effect with the aim of shortening lead times for expanding the electricity network. 
Several important measures remain, however, and the budget from the newly appointed Government in 2022 
proposed further investments to shorten lead times. 
Political initiatives and lobbying 
Together with the sector, Ellevio pursues efforts to explain the importance of a long-term and predictable revenue 
regulation and appropriate conditions for the electricity network market. Several political initiatives and 
collaborations within the sector are also under way, both at an EU and a national level, to establish the framework 
for the future electricity market. 
In early 2022, the then-government presented a national electrification strategy that aims to contribute to a rapid, 
smart and socio-economically efficient process of electrification. The strategy was drawn up in collaboration with 
the private sector, authorities and other actors in society and includes 67 measures for the period 2022–2024. In early 
2023, it was unclear how the government that took office in September 2022 views these measures. During the 
autumn, the new government presented a number of new measures to support the electricity market, including

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
measures to shorten permit processes, electricity bill support for households and businesses, tax breaks for CHP 
(combined heat and power) and investment support to make houses heated by electricity or gas more efficient. 
Clean Energy Package to reduce fossil-fuel dependency 
The EU’s Clean Energy Package was processed in Sweden in 2022 and aims to make the EU a leader in the global 
transition to clean energy. The package contains reforms in areas such as energy security, the EU’s internal energy 
market, energy efficiency, financial dependency on fossil fuels and grants for research and innovation.  
For network companies, the Clean Energy Package entails adopting a partially new role – from being a network 
manager to being a system operator. Among other things, this means that there must be clear development plans for 
the electricity grids in various areas and that there will be significantly stricter connection requirements for the owners 
of electricity grids at all voltage levels – be it the national grid, regional grids or local grids.  
In Sweden, legislation has been adjusted to comply with the EU directive. The changes took effect on 1 July 2022 
with a transition period in place until 31 December 2023, and Ellevio is adapting its operations accordingly.  
Ellevio takes active steps to monitor and attempt to influence how the legislative proposals to be implemented in 
Sweden are formulated. Ellevio publishes regular news items about this at www.ellevio.se/en/about-
ellevio/newsroom/. 
Heightened preparedness and sector collaboration 
Protective security and preparedness were particularly high priorities on the electricity market 2022. The geopolitical 
situation has deteriorated due to the war in Ukraine, which has entailed attacks targeting energy infrastructure. Ellevio 
has taken measures to enhance its ability to withstand antagonistic influence by collaborating with the energy sector 
and the authorities. In 2022, cyber-attacks have been averted with the help of security systems and an increased 
security competence of Ellevio's staff. 
2022 energy crisis 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine led to a shortage of gas in Europe, while several nuclear power reactors in countries 
such as France and Sweden were taken out of operation at times when the availability of wind and hydropower was 
insufficient. This, combined with closed production facilities in southern Sweden and Germany, led to unusually 
volatile electricity prices in Sweden and large differences in electricity price area 1 in northern Sweden and area 4 in 
southern Sweden.  
Prices reached record levels several times during the year, and even northern Sweden was affected later in the year 
by unusually high prices. According to statistics from the Swedish Consumer Energy Markets Bureau, the average 
price in price area 4 (southern Sweden) was 162 Swedish öre in 2022, compared with 82 öre in 2021. In price area 1 
(northern Sweden), the average price was 63 öre in 2022, compared with 43 öre in 2021. 
Two government electricity bill support packages for Swedish customers were launched during the year. The first 
package, in spring 2022, was distributed to households via the network companies. Whereby network companies, 
including Ellevio, received an upfront payment from the government that was gradually passed on to customers via 
a corresponding reduction of the monthly network invoice. The second support package was approved during the 
autumn of 2022 and will be paid to both households and businesses by Försäkringskassan in 2023. Funds for the 
second support package were taken from the ‘bottleneck revenue’ Svenska kraftnät received due to the large 
differences in electricity prices between electricity price areas. Bottleneck revenue occurs if the price of electricity 
is lower where that electricity is produced than in the area in which it is consumed. This often happens in Sweden as 
the country has extensive electricity production in the north, a denser population in the south and insufficient 
transmission capacity in certain places. In these cases, the customer has to pay a higher price for the electricity than 
the producer charges for it. The difference between these two prices is known as bottleneck revenue and accrues to 
Svenska kraftnät if they are the company who transmitted the electricity.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
To reduce the need for further price increases, Svenska kraftnät decided during the autumn to remove the fixed tariff 
paid by network companies for August–December 2022 – as a way of compensating for high electricity prices.   
MARKET DRIVERS 
Over the past few years, entirely new conditions have emerged in Sweden’s electricity system. New types of power, 
new technology, large-scale electrification, capacity shortages and the climate crisis are just a few examples of drivers 
leading to a fundamental change in Sweden’s electricity system. 
Electrification of industries and transport 
The climate crisis has started an industrial revolution in Sweden, and the solution is electrification. By 2045, 
electricity consumption is expected to increase from 145 TWh today to well over 300 TWh. 
Industries and transport need to be electrified to ensure Sweden achieves its climate targets – but also to maintain its 
competitiveness. This means that the need for electricity will increase dramatically, which in turn requires the 
electricity system to be modernised and expanded.  
The transition to an electrified transport sector is moving quickly and many major vehicle manufacturers have 
ambitious targets.  
In addition to reducing CO2 emissions, the local environment will also be affected through better air quality and less 
traffic noise. However, for the transition to work, the rapid and extensive expansion of charging points are needed, 
both for private vehicles and heavy, commercial traffic.  
Industrial processes are also being rapidly electrified processes. Thanks to technological breakthroughs, Swedish 
industry is now heading for a comprehensive transition that could significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
This kind of breakthrough is expected in the steel industry, with the aim of entirely fossil-free manufacturing by 2045. 
If it succeeds, emissions will be reduced while electricity consumption will increase sharply. Similar breakthroughs 
are underway in other sectors. Industry is simultaneously becoming increasingly efficient, which could also help curb 
the increase in electricity consumption.  
New energy mix 
The Swedish energy system is built to manage predictable electricity production from a limited number of large 
facilities based on hydropower, nuclear power and CHP. However, the reality looks somewhat different now. 
Four out of ten Swedish nuclear power have been decommissioned since 2017. Nuclear power currently accounts 
for around 30 per cent. of Swedish energy production, and the six reactors currently in operation are expected to be 
in use for another 20 years or so. It will not be possible to expand one single type of power sufficiently to meet the 
rising demand for electricity consumption alone. The government which took office in 2022 has a more positive view 
of nuclear power than the previous one, but it takes time to construct new reactors and the future of nuclear power 
in Sweden remains uncertain. Small-scale modular reactors are increasingly seen as a complement to more traditional, 
larger nuclear power plants. 
At the same time, more and more electricity is being supplied from renewable energy sources – primarily wind power, 
but also solar power. Wind power has been expanded at a rapid pace in recent years, with growth mainly taking place 
on land but major investments also being made in offshore wind. The supply of these types of power varies greatly 
with the season and weather, which limits the possibility of controlling electricity generation. 
The electricity system must now be able to manage an irregular inflow, with rapid and sharp fluctuations in electricity 
production.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
More “prosumers” 
More and more consumers are producing and selling their own electricity by connecting solar panels to the network 
and transferring their surplus electricity. They are often referred to as “prosumers”. In late 2022, Ellevio had 19,000 
customers who were micro-producers of solar electricity – an increase of 61 per cent. compared with the previous 
year. On specific days and at specific times, the network therefore needs to receive locally produced surplus electricity, 
while on other days it needs to distribute electricity from power stations far away. Greater flexibility is needed in the 
electricity system. 
Use surpluses effectively 
Managing surpluses is a key factor of the electricity system of the future. When more electricity is produced than is 
used, solutions are needed to take advantage of the surplus. These could include transferring the electricity to other 
parts of the country, exporting it or storing it. Technological development is moving fast, but the solutions are still 
young and often untested. 
Expanded capacity and flexible consumption 
At other times, the demand for electricity will be greater than the capacity of the networks can deliver. To manage 
this, more local production, more investment in national, regional and local grids and innovative, digital solutions 
for how the electricity system can be managed in a smarter way are all needed. Flexible consumption also needs to 
increase by giving consumers incentives and tools to consume electricity in a flexible way, thus reducing the 
maximum load on the grid. 
Greater network capacity needed 
A challenge facing the electricity system is that more and more people are living in cities. There is a lack of capacity 
in both Stockholm and other cities, which is mainly due to a lack of transmission capacity on the national network 
(owned by state-run Svenska kraftnät). The problems will increase on regional and local grids too, however, if the 
necessary investments are not made soon. Urban planning has long taken the electricity supply for granted without 
considering the need for expanding the electricity network. This threatens both economic development and the energy 
transition.  
Industrial establishments also require extensive investments in network capacity. One example is AB Volvo’s 
investment in a battery-cell factory in Mariestad that was presented in 2022. Battery production on that scale requires 
an enormous amount of network capacity, and Ellevio, which is responsible for supplying that electricity, is therefore 
required to make major investments. 
Cyber security risks – heightened preparedness 
One of the most important aspects of the electricity network of the future is cyber security. Smarter electricity 
networks enable Ellevio to supply electricity in a more secure way, but this also entails new risks that need to be 
managed. Smart components can be attacked by individuals, organisations or foreign powers that want to damage 
networks. Just like banks, teleoperators and suppliers of critical functions, Ellevio works to maximise the 
opportunities afforded by digitalisation while minimising the risks for society, the electricity network and its 
customers.  
Some of Ellevio’s major responses to market drivers 
Ellevio is working broadly to create the climate-smart electricity system through:  
 
Major investment projects to modernise, digitalise, weather-proof and expand the electricity network and enable 
the connection of new fossil-free energy sources.  
 
Installation of the second generation of smart electricity meters for all customers. 
 
Lobbying to create long-term and predictable market conditions.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Extensive investments to strengthen and increase the capacity of the regional electricity grid in Stockholm, 
including the new 400 kV power line between Beckomberga and Bredäng, as well as the redevelopment of the 
switchgears in Värtan/Hjorthagen and Skanstull.  
 
Sector initiatives to increase flexibility, for example via the sthlmflex marketplace.  
 
Development of digital services for energy efficiency and steering.  
 
Collaborations on expanded charging infrastructure, for example via the Electrification Pact.  
 
Major investments in cyber security and collaborations with the authorities and other operators.  
ELLEVIO’S BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Ellevio is one of Sweden’s largest electricity network companies. Ellevio owns, operates and develops regional and 
local electricity grids and distributes electricity to 971,000 customers in Sweden. Ellevio’s electricity network is 
almost 80,000 km long, corresponding to almost two trips around the Earth. Ellevio’s customers are spread across 
the West coast, mid-Sweden, and Stockholm County. The main proportion of Ellevio’s networks are located in rural 
areas, but approximately 62 per cent. of Ellevio’s customers are in Stockholm. 
Ellevio is a regulated business subject to the provisions of the Electricity Act. The Ei implements legislation and 
regulations and monitors the extent to which Ellevio fulfils its mission. 
In 2022, Ellevio delivered 25.0 TWh of electricity. For comparison, the volume was 27.5 TWh in 2021. The 
fluctuation in the electricity delivered is mainly driven by two factors: the outside temperature and general economic 
activity. In 2022, electricity use decreased at the end of the year, as a result of high electricity prices and intensive 
information campaigns, Ellevio’s private customers reduced their electricity use by approximately 15 per cent. during 
September to December 2022, adjusted for temperature differences. Among industry customers, the change in 
consumption patterns has been limited during the same period.13  
Ownership 
Ellevio is indirectly owned by a consortium consisting of OMERS Infrastructure (50 per cent.), AP3 (20 per cent.), 
Folksam (17.5 per cent.) and AMF (12.5 per cent.). Below is a description of each of the indirect Shareholders. 
OMERS INFRASTRUCTURE (50 PER CENT.) 
Omers Infrastructure is part of the branch of the Canadian pension fund Omers Infrastructure, which manages 
pensions for the province of Ontario’s public sector employees. Total managed capital amounts to around CAD 34 
billion, which is the equivalent of around SEK 260 billion. 
AP3 (20 PER CENT.) 
AP3 is tasked with helping safeguard the value of the Swedish state pension for both current and future pensioners. 
The task of this fund is to responsibly invest in and manage the pension system’s buffer capital. Total managed capital 
amounts to around SEK 468 billion. 
FOLKSAM (17.5 PER CENT.) 
The Folksam Group is one of Sweden’s largest pension and insurance companies, with a major investment business 
and total managed capital of around SEK 527 billion. 
AMF (12.5 PER CENT.) 
 
13 Source Ellevio Year-end Report 2022

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
AMF is an occupational pension company whose principle task in society is to deliver a good pension to its 4 million 
customers. AMF is jointly owned by LO and Confederation of Swedish Enterprise and manages capital of around 
SEK 715 billion as of September 2022. 
Strategy 
Ellevio’s strategy is to build sustainable electricity systems that will be required in the future and to develop climate-
smart energy services together with customers and partners. To suceed, Ellevio aims to have first-rate operations and 
to be an attractive employer with clear values and opportunities for employees to develop. 
 
Strategic focus  
The energy system of tomorrow 
Ellevio develops today's electricity grids so that they meet the demands placed on energy systems in the future. By 
building smart energy infrastructure, Ellevio contributes to the growing society and its increasing demand for clean 
energy. 
Climate-smart energy solutions 
To support the energy transition and create growth opportunities, Ellevio develops climate-smart energy solutions 
together with customers and strategic partners. To succeed in this, Ellevio needs strong brand awareness and a 
genuine customer focus.  
Strategic enablers 
Operational excellence 
Ellevio's ambition is to have an efficient core business with digital business support and to apply best practices. 
The employees of the future 
Ellevio strives to be an attractive employer with a safe and sustainable work environment; a dedicated, clear and 
robust corporate culture and an active focus on continuous learning.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Sustainability: integrated into business strategy 
Ellevio’s sustainability agenda is a driver for the entire business and is closely connected to the business strategy. 
Significant sustainability aspects are managed as part of Ellevio’s day-to-day operations.  
The framework for this sustainability agenda is defined by the significant sustainability aspects – aspects that are 
key to both Ellevio and its most important stakeholders, and where Ellevio has a major impact on the operating 
environment from an economic, social and environmental perspective. Ellevio measures performance and 
continuously pursue efforts to improve on these issues, with results reported annually in the Ellevio annual and 
sustainability report 202214. 
Materiality analysis 
Ellevio conducted a comprehensive materiality analysis in 2020 based on stakeholder dialogues involving more 
than 1,200 people, of whom 200 were employees. Through this analysis, Ellevio’s most significant sustainability 
aspects were identified in connection with financial, social and environmental responsibility – and how these relate 
to Ellevio’s strategy. The analysis has been continuously supplemented by ongoing dialogues with stakeholders. 
During 2022, the analysis was reviewed and the material aspects were re-grouped and re-named to more clearly 
demonstrate how they are linked to Ellevio’s strategic focus areas. The content of the significant aspects remains 
the same, however. 
Ellevio has regular contact with many stakeholders through its operations and the hundreds of electricity network 
projects it carries out every year. This entails a responsibility in terms of balancing and acting on their decisions 
and priorities. Ellevio strives to understand what is expected of it, find suitable solutions and take the best possible 
decisions.  
Ellevio's most important stakeholder groups are customers, employees, contractors and suppliers, authorities, 
decision-makers, owners, investors, and local actors such as landowners, local residents and local authorities that 
are affected by, or have an impact on, Ellevio’s operations. Ellevio also collaborates with partners, various sector 
organisations and initiatives in order to promote long-term and sustainable trends in the sector and across society at 
a local, national and international level. 
 
14  Ellevio 
annual 
and 
sustainability 
report 
2022: 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2022/ellevio_ar22_en_a4_print.pdf.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Significant sustainability aspects 
For a description of contributions to the UN Sustainable Development Goals see the illustration above and the 
description below on pages 75-79. 
The energy system of tomorrow and climate smart energy solutions 
Security of supply 
One of Ellevio's most significant sustainability aspects forms the very basis of its operations and is a prerequisite 
for satisfied customers: a high level of reliability in the electricity supply. This is a vital aspect of a prosperous and 
competitive society. As more and more sectors become electrified, its significance is increasing. 
Affordable electricity supply 
Ellevio’s customers should pay the same price for the same service, and prices should be stable and reasonable.  
Ellevio does not believe that the network cost should vary depending on where a person lives or works. Ellevio has 
therefore been gradually evening out prices between urban areas and more sparsely populated areas. With a few 
exceptions, this process was completed as of 1 January 2023. For prices to be stable and reasonable, there needs to 
be a predictable and long-term network regulation. Ellevio actively lobbies to ensure this is the case.  
Reduce climate impact 
There are several aspects to Ellevio’s climate initiatives. On the one hand, Ellevio's core business enables an 
electrified, fossil-free society through the climate-smart energy system of tomorrow, while on the other hand 
Ellevio limits its own carbon footprint by actively working to reduce the negative direct and indirect climate 
impacts of its operations.  
Ellevio takes an active role in enabling the energy transition and, together with customers and partners, contributes 
to efforts to achieve a climate-neutral society in line with the Paris Agreement and Sweden's climate targets. All 
Ellevio's investment decisions contribute to the fulfilment of Sweden's climate targets. Ellevio wants to raise 
awareness of its important role in climate change mitigation, and Ellevio works actively to reduce its own carbon 
and environmental footprint.  
However, the fact remains that climate change is already happening, which is why an important part of Ellevio’s 
climate initiatives also involve analysing risks and adapting operations to changing conditions.  
For example, Ellevio measures the proportion of connected renewable energy, the number of connected charging 
streets, the number of installed smart electricity meters and the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Operational excellence 
Business ethics and anti-corruption  
Ellevio’s operations are to be defined by good business ethics. Ellevio’s values – reliability, commitment and 
development – serve as guiding principles for every employee and permeate everything it does. Ellevio's Code of 
Conduct describes Ellevio’s ethical guidelines and core values, how it behaves towards others and each other, how 
it does business and how it protects Ellevio’s assets. All employees, Board members and others who represent 
Ellevio are subject to the Code of Conduct. Neither corruption nor bribery are tolerated, and anti-corruption efforts 
form part of the Code of Conduct.  
Responsible supply chain 
Ellevio places the same strict demands on suppliers and partners as it does on itself, which is important since the 
business is dependent on many suppliers and contractors. Most purchases are made via call-off orders from 
procured framework agreements that contain social and environmental requirements, or through project 
procurements where equivalent requirements are set for the projects. All tenderers and suppliers that wish to 
participate in Ellevio's procurements make extensive declarations about their sustainability performance. Field and 
factory visits as well as extensive audits are carried out to check that requirements are being met, and Ellevio has a 
dedicated Code of Conduct for suppliers and partners. 
Local dialogue and environmental considerations 
An active dialogue with local communities is a priority, not least in order to increase acceptance of, and confidence 
in, Ellevio’s operations and the required investments in network infrastructure. This dialogue is pursued during 
both the planning and implementation phases. When implementing a major project in an area, a stakeholder 
analysis is carried out in which Ellevio maps who will be affected and how. 
Communication should be clear, simple and accurate, and both negative and positive aspects are raised.  
Biodiversity 
Contributing to the conservation and enhancement of biodiversity and natural environments are important 
environmental issues for Ellevio, and Ellevio strives for net-zero environmental impact. Ellevio applies the damage 
mitigation hierarchy. This means that in the first instance Ellevio tries to avoid or minimise any impact, and 
secondly limit the impact through damage prevention measures. Ellevio takes steps to preserve and strengthen 
many endangered meadow and pasture species through power line inventories and adapted maintenance measures.  
The employees of the future 
Health and safety 
The safety of the people who work for Ellevio is always Ellevio’s top priority and it has a zero vision for accidents 
and work-related illnesses.  
Investigations, measures, follow-up work and improvements are all vital aspects of the systematic work 
environment initiatives in place to prevent serious incidents, accidents and work-related illnesses. The work 
environment initiatives are followed up every month and reported to the management and Board of Directors. The 
reporting and follow-up of accidents, near-misses and risk observations are processed in a dedicated deviation 
management system.  
Attractive employer 
Ellevio is to be an attractive employer with a safe and sustainable work environment, as well as a dedicated, clear 
and robust corporate culture and an active focus on continuous learning. Creating good working conditions is a

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
significant issue in terms of Ellevio’s ability to have the best and most skilled employees and thus meet the needs 
of today and tomorrow.  
Contribution to UN Sustainable Development Goals 
Ellevio’s business operations contribute to several of the UN Sustainable Development Goals within the 2030 Agenda. 
The materiality analysis highlighted that Ellevio has a direct impact on four goals in particular: 
Goal 7: Affordable and clean energy. 
Goal 9: Build resilient infrastructure, promote sustainable industrialization and foster innovation. 
Goal 11: Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable. 
Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.  
For further details, see Ellevio annual and sustainability report 2022 avaialable on Ellevios’s website: 
www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-documents/  
 
 
 
 
 
EU taxonomy  
The electricity network plays crucial role in climate change mitigation  
The EU taxonomy for sustainable activities is a framework for classifying environmentally sustainable economic 
operations. The taxonomy is an important tool in achieving the EU's climate targets and the objectives of the EU's 
green growth strategy.  
 
In 2022, Ellevio analysed and calculated the extent to which its operations are eligible for or aligned with the 
taxonomy. Electricity grids are classified as an “enabling activity” in terms of climate change mitigation (goal 1), 
and Ellevio’s operations are categorised under Section 4.9 of the taxonomy: “Transmission and distribution of 
electricity”.  
 
Following an extensive review and analysis, combined with a dialogue with other network companies regarding 
interpretations and assessments, Ellevio has concluded that its operations are both eligible for and aligned with the 
taxonomy to a very large extent. In practice, this means that Ellevio’s operations and investments can be deemed to 
be key to achieving the EU’s goal of limiting climate change. 
 
 
The taxonomy
Transmission  
and distribution of 
electricity
Percentage eligible1), 
%
Percentage 
non-
eligible2), %
Percentage aligned
with the taxonomy3), %
Percentage aligned
with the taxonomy,
of percentage
eligible4), %
Sales 
100
0
100
100
Capital  
expenditure 
98
2
98
100

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
The taxonomy
Transmission  
and distribution of 
electricity
Percentage eligible1), 
%
Percentage 
non-
eligible2), %
Percentage aligned
with the taxonomy3), %
Percentage aligned
with the taxonomy,
of percentage
eligible4), %
Operating 
expenses 
95
5
95
100
 
 
Sustainability governance 
The Board of Directors bears ultimate responsibility for Ellevio’s sustainability work. All overall sustainability issues, 
such as joint improvement targets, activities and measurements, are prepared by the sustainability committee, 
appointed by the Board, which has an advisory function. The committee comprises members from both the Board 
and management. Ellevio’s Head of Sustainability is responsible for the meetings of the sustainability committee.  
The Head of Sustainability drives and develops Ellevio's sustainability work and reports regularly to the Head of 
People, Culture & Sustainability, who is responsible for sustainability in the management team. To support 
discussions and strategic decisions, the Head of Sustainability has a steering group consisting of four representatives 
from the management team, including the CEO. The Head of Sustainability also informs the entire management team 
about the work at some of the management group's meetings. The Head of Sustainability is responsible for ensuring 
compliance with the Sustainability Policy and for driving and coordinating efforts to carry out the sustainability 
strategy in line with the business plan. As sustainability issues and sustainability targets have a broad impact across 
Ellevio’s operations, responsibility for individual sustainability issues lies with the relevant managers in certain cases. 
Ellevio’s Code of Conduct, which reflects the UN Global Compact’s ten principles and Ellevio’s Sustainability Policy 
forms the basis for governing its sustainability work. The content is reflected in the business plan, environmental 
management system, safety initiatives, collaboration with stakeholders and in day-to-day work generally. Both the 
Code of Conduct and the Sustainability Policy have been adopted by Ellevio’s Board of Directors. In addition to 
these policies, there are further policies and guidelines that govern Ellevio’s sustainability work.  
Ellevio’s sustainability work is integrated into ordinary processes and governance, for example in its processes for 
constructing and maintaining the network, managing purchases and supplier relationships and in Ellevio’s 
management processes. 
In terms of environmental management specifically, Ellevio has an environmental management system certified in 
accordance with ISO 14001:2015. This ensures that environmental aspects and risks are managed systematically 
through targets and measures, that laws and requirements are complied with and that the initiatives are followed up 
and continuously improved.  
There are several sustainability aspects that must be considered for large infrastructure projects and investments in 
the electricity network, such as the choice of materials, project implementation method and how the planned location 
impacts people and the environment. All projects over SEK 5 million (local and regional grids) must therefore 
undergo a sustainability analysis before an investment decision can be taken.  
The sustainability analysis was revised in 2022 to better reflect aspects that need to be considered. The new 
sustainability analysis is based on the specific sustainability-related risks and opportunities that each project may 
involve. The purpose is to ensure that all relevant risks and opportunities are considered when making an investment 
decision. By integrating and mapping such sustainability aspects at an early stage of the investment process, Ellevio 
can create more opportunities to manage relevant sustainability aspects in each individual project. The analysis also 
ensures that the investment proposals are in line with Ellevio’s sustainability-related policies and targets.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
To be approved, suppliers are required to work systematically on environmental and work environment issues, ensure 
that human rights are respected and that good working conditions are provided for employees. Ellevio also expects 
other business and operating partners to fulfil the same minimum standards relating to sustainability topics. These 
requirements are established in a dedicated Code of Conduct for suppliers, which was expanded during the year to 
clarify that it also applies to partners. For contractors, there are additional contract requirements regarding 
sustainability and safety. 
The sustainability work relies on committed and knowledgeable employees, and Ellevio offers continuous training 
on sustainability issues. All employees undergo regular mandatory training in safety and the Code of Conduct.  
Both the Board of Directors and the management team have a high level of expertise regarding sustainability and 
climate issues, which is in part due to the nature of the business as an enabler of the energy transition. Employee 
expertise is ensured through initiatives such as internal lectures, weekly newsletters from the CEO, articles on the 
intranet and Ellevio's culture week. 
CUSTOMERS 
The foundation of everything Ellevio does is about ensuring its 971,000 customers have a reliable and affordable 
electricity supply. To maintain the high level of availability, major investments combined with greater flexibility and 
digitalisation are needed, which is why Ellevio is implementing a major investment programme.   
Improved customer experience 
Ellevio takes continuous steps to improve the customer experience and initiatives in recent years have included: 
 
Installing the second generation of smart electricity meters for 815,000 customers – to enable customers to 
monitor their hourly energy consumption and are prepared for the installation of solar panels, among other 
benefits. 
 
Hiring a new customer service provider, training customer service staff, opening another customer service office 
in 2022 and increasing staffing by some 30 employees, which is an expansion of around 40 per cent.  
 
Improving information before and during power outages and increasing the number of customers Ellevio can 
reach with information about outages. 
 
Launching a new app in which customers can track their hourly electricity consumption, see details about their 
contracts and invoices and activate energy efficiency and control services. 
 
Launching a modern, user-friendly website with improved pages with extensive information on everything from 
electricity grids, electricity bill support, energy efficiency and how the energy market works. 
 
Increasing communication to Ellevio customers via e-mail, text message, newsletters and social media channels 
and establishing a technical platform that allows it to tailor information. 
 
Building up a team that works exclusively on improving the customer experience and data analysis. 
 
Initiating local discussions with corporate customers with high electricity consumption in order to understand 
their future needs and inform them of future plans in their area.  
Smart electricity meters for all  
The installation of the second generation of smart electricity meters gives Ellevio access to a large amount of data 
that provides a better overview of the electricity network’s status. This means that faults can be detected and 
remedied more quickly, which leads to fewer and shorter outages.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
For the customer, the new meters hold advantages such as better information in the event of an outage, the 
opportunity to quickly connect solar panels and real-time information about electricity consumption that can be 
used for smart control technology in the home, for example charging electric cars and regulating heating. Demand 
for this type of service increased further in 2022. 
Smart control can also create flexibility on the electricity network and help solve the capacity issue in Stockholm.  
By late 2022, the latest generation of smart electricity meters had been installed at the premises of 815,000 
customers. The meter replacement project is due to be complete before the first half of 2023. 
Fair prices  
Ellevio’s customers should pay the same price for the same service – regardless of geography. Ellevio has been 
gradually implementing this principle since 2017, when the Ei decided to permit it. Ellevio has evened out prices 
between urban and more sparsely populated areas. In practice, this has often entailed lower or unchanged prices for 
sparsely populated areas and small rises for customers in Stockholm. With few exceptions, the harmonisaton was 
completed in January 2023. 
Ellevio’s network prices were just under the nationwide average.  
According to the annual nationwide price comparison survey the so called “Nils Holgersson report” Ellevio’s 
network prices were just under the nationwide average in 2022. 15
 
Customer satisfaction 
In order to measure customer perceptions of Ellevio and ensure it is prioritising the right things, Ellevio carries out 
a number of initiatives each year, including quarterly surveys involving a large number of customers. These surveys 
involve a total of more than 8,000 respondents and are aimed at both private consumers and corporate customers. 
Ellevio divides the respondents into mini, small, medium and large customers to help it to analyse the results 
appropriately.  
The external independent market research company Svensk Kvalitetsindex (SKI) also conducts annual customer 
satisfaction surveys. However, these only survey 389 respondents.  
 
15 Source: https://nilsholgersson.nu/rapporter/rapport-2022/el-2022/

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
In 2022, customer satisfaction increased among Ellevio’s corporate customers while the same level was maintained 
among consumers in Ellevio's surveys. 
Customer satisfaction
2020
2021
2022
Customer satisfaction, own survey - Consumer1) 
60.6 
58.4 
58.5 
SKI Consumer2) 
53.1 
51.9 
48.4 
Customer satisfaction, own survey – Corporate3) 
57.8 
55.7 
58.0 
SKI Corporate4) 
57.3 
55.6 
52.0 
) Customer satisfaction, own survey (Consumer) is an average of four quarterly surveys. 
) SKI’s survey period for consumers was 5–27 October 2022. 
) Customer satisfaction, own survey (Corporate) is a weighted value of two quarterly surveys for the Small/Medium consumption 
segment (1st quarter 3rd and quarter) and one survey for the Large consumption segment (3rd quarter). 
) SKI’s survey period for corporate customers was 5 October – 11 November 2022. 
Investments that enable the energy transition 
Ellevio invests heavily in the electricity network to manage society’s need for electrification, digitalisation, the 
energy transition and capacity reinforcements. Investments amounted to SEK 3,345 million in 2022. 
Ellevio’s investment and maintenance strategy remains in place – Ellevio is to serve as an enabler of the energy 
transition. This involves efforts on two fronts. Firstly, Ellevio is developing smart networks that lead to fewer and 
shorter outages and more efficient operation. Secondly, Ellevio is upgrading and reinforcing its infrastructure to 
increase transmission capacity and enable electrification. 
Swedish network companies, whether state-owned, privately owned, municipal companies or local electricity 
associations, need to make record-high investments to manage the transition to the electricity system of the future. It 
is necessary to meet society's rapidly growing need for electricity, maintain high levels of availability and enable 
Sweden to achieve its climate targets. 
According to the report “Vad kostar framtiden” (What will the future cost?) produced in 2022, SEK 670 billion of 
investment is needed in the electricity network by 2045. 
Since its foundation in 2015, Ellevio has more than tripled investments in its electricity networks to meet the 
expectations of customers and enable increased electrification. Over the past five years, 2018–2022, Ellevio has 
invested almost SEK 17 billion in its electricity grids. And this intense rate of investment needs to continue. 
 
1) Investments initiated by Ellevio customers, such as 
investments in the connection of new homes, industries and 
wind farms to the electricity grid. 
2) Acquisition of the shares in Edsbyns Elnät AB in 2022, in 
three companies with assets in Laforsen’s distribution station in 
2019 and Elverket Vallentuna AB in 2018. 
 
Network investments by network area 2018-2022

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Ellevio’s Distribution Network 
Ellevio consists of six networks – two regional networks that operate under line concessions (linjekoncession) and 
four local networks that operate under area concessions (områdeskoncession). The Line Concessions and the Area 
Concessions, together make up the “Concessions”, which are all licenced and regulated by the Ei. By the end of 2022, 
Ellevio had 971,000 customers and the total length of the network was almost 80,000km long.  
Ellevio operates in the regions, as indicated in the map below, with each of the six areas reflecting a separate network.  
 
Dalarna: 36,000 customers 
 
Gävleborg (Hälsingland & Gästrikland): 74,000 customers 
 
Skaraborg-Närke: 27,000 customers 
 
Stockholm (City of Stockholm, Ekerö, Lidingö, Täby, Nynäshamn 
and Vallentuna): 598,000 customers 
 
Värmland: 105,000 customers 
 
West Coast (Halland & Bohuslän): 131,000 customers

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
  
Area Concessions give the concession holder the exclusive right to build, maintain and operate low-voltage lines in 
its area of responsibility. Area Concessions also give the concession holder the exclusive right to distribute electricity 
to all customers within the area. 
Reliability and security of supply 
Ensuring reliable electricity supply and distribution is a critical task for society. Security of supply is also becoming 
increasingly important as more sectors and parts of society are electrified. As one of Sweden's largest network 
companies, Ellevio must have a robust and reliable supply that meets the needs of customers and society. The 
reliability of Ellevio's electricity network amounted to 99.98 per cent. in 2022. This compares well both nationally 
and internationally, but every outage can have major consequences for those affected and Ellevio takes every incident 
seriously.  
To measure supply reliability, Ellevio also uses the international standard, SAIDI, (System Average Interruption 
Duration Index), which is calculated as the sum of all outage minutes (excluding planned works) experienced by 
customers divided by the total number of customers. The index enables comparison with other network companies. 
Measurements are taken each month and analysed continuously. SAIDI can vary between years, depending on 
whether there have been severe storms. In 2022, SAIDI amounted to 69 minutes. In contrast to before, faults on 
another network owner's network had a significant impact on outages in 2022. Half of the outages during the year 
were caused by damage to cables or other equipment. Ellevio is seeing a positive trend in terms of damage, for 
example as a result of excavation work. Ellevio is investing heavily in weather-proofing the electricity network by 
reducing the number of overhead lines, as these are exposed and vulnerable to strong winds and falling trees, but 
during the year weather conditions continued to cause outages to the same extent as the previous year. Planned 
outages for maintenance and expansion purposes also resulted in outages.  
Continuous work to secure the electricity supply 
Ellevio is focused on preventing and maintaining an uninterrupted supply of electricity. Ellevio works proactively 
on risk analysis, risk management and measures. This creates the conditions for safe operations and infrastructure 
and strengthens Ellevio's ability to withstand disruptions and restore operations following unexpected events.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Ellevio has an operations centre which monitors at all times the electricity network. Ellevio also has a well-
established crisis management organisation and strong central preparedness for both extraordinary situations and a 
number of low-probability scenarios. Preparedness for weather-related disruptions or other disruptions to the 
electricity network has long been an integral part of Ellevio's operations and its business continuity plans. Crisis 
training is carried out regularly. Several crisis training courses were carried out during the year to ensure that 
processes, procedures and decision-making pathways function properly in the event of a crisis. One of the areas 
covered involved crisis training relating to cybersecurity. Ellevio also held several crisis and continuity training 
courses with its contractors and other key stakeholders. 
Ellevio carries out regular inspections of power lines to check the electricity network. In addition to helicopter 
inspections, some inspections are carried out by drones. More potential faults have been identified through the drone 
inspections, enabling even more effective work to prevent disruptions. Drone inspections also produce less carbon 
dioxide emissions and are safer.  
Smart grids reduce the risk of outages  
The electricity grids of the future will be smart, meaning they contain information technology that enables them to 
collect, transmit, store, analyse and act on information, both from the grid itself and from all those who are connected 
– electricity producers, consumers and those who are both. As part of Ellevio's Vision 2030 digitalisation project, 
automated system support for this area was activated during the year.  
Increased digitalisation, automation and the remote management of the grid are creating opportunities for new data-
driven processes, digital monitoring and control, and the early prediction of potential faults. This results in fewer and 
shorter power outages, thanks to efficient troubleshooting processes and automatic switching by the grids themselves. 
It also reduces the need for time-consuming trips into the field to remedy faults and carry out maintenance. 
Causes of outages 2022: 
 
Damage to equipment 50% 
 
Weather-related 18% 
 
Planned outages 19% 
 
Error in another grid owner’s grid 13% 
 
 
.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Employees and employee relations 
Ellevio needs more people, and in some areas Ellevio needs new skills. It is therefore important to be an attractive 
employer with the ability to recruit employees with the desired competencies. At the end of 2022, Ellevio had a total 
of 659 employees.  
One prerequisite for this is to provide a healthy and safe workplace. Ellevio has a zero vision for accidents that 
includes both employees and anyone else who works on behalf of Ellevio.  
Creating good working conditions is a significant issue in terms of Ellevio’s ability to attract, recruit, develop and 
retain the best and most skilled employees and meet the needs of today and tomorrow. Ellevio strives to offer a work 
environment that is positive both physically and psychosocially and free from discrimination in terms of gender, 
gender identity or expression, ethnic affiliation, religion or other beliefs, physical ability, sexual orientation and age.  
Good working conditions and employee development 
All employees at Ellevio undergo training in collective intelligence in order to promote collaboration via a shared 
methodology. In 2022, eight training sessions were organised involving 139 participants.  
Employee development is followed up in Ellevio's Performance Development process, in which it strives for a 
continuous dialogue between manager and employee that looks at the employee's performance, satisfaction and 
development plan. Every year, a talent review process is carried out to review the organisation, identify critical roles 
and talented individuals and conduct succession planning.  
Efforts to create good working conditions and engagement are monitored via the “employee pulse” survey, which is 
sent to all employees each month. Each manager receives the results for their group and the surveys also produce an 
“Employee Satisfaction Index” based on responses to questions concerning satisfaction, pride and whether 
employees would recommend Ellevio as an employer. The result for 2022 was 8.1 on a 10-point scale – which shows 
a very high level of commitment and satisfaction among employees. 
Managers at Ellevio are developed through an internal management programme, management days and manager 
forums. The management programme provides support and training in four areas: “role of the manager”, “working 
environment”, “attractive employer” and “development”. 
 
Gender equality and diversity 
All Ellevio employees have the same opportunities, rights and obligations. Ellevio works systematically to promote 
equal treatment, inclusion and a gender balance, and works methodically and preventively to counteract 
discrimination and harassment. These efforts are adapted to comply with the Discrimination Act in a structured, 
systematic and documented way to promote equal treatment and counter discrimination.  
The CEO and management, in cooperation with trade-union representatives at Ellevio, are ultimately responsible for 
Ellevio’s equal treatment plan. Ellevio managers are responsible for integrating equal treatment activities into 
operations as well as ensuring that all employees take responsibility for promoting equal treatment and countering 
all forms of discrimination. Since 2018, Ellevio has had an Equality and Inclusion Group that works to enhance skills 
and promote inclusive behaviours. Long-term goals and activities are documented annually in the equal treatment 
plan. This forms part of the overall work on Ellevio's corporate culture and desired behaviours.  
Ellevio monitors diversity developments by measuring the gender distribution within the management team, among 
managers across the company, the number of employees in different age groups and the proportion of employees 
with a foreign background. One way equality is measured is by comparing the salaries of men and women for equal 
or equivalent work. Ellevio conducts an annual survey of salaries with the aim of showing whether there are unjust 
grounds for differences salary related to gender. Ellevio rectifies any cases of unjust differences where the survey 
detects them. Offering equal salaries is a prioritised equality issue as Ellevio works in a sector in which women are

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
underrepresented. It therefore works continuously to improve the balance between men and women through a clear 
recruitment strategy and a value-governed approach. An inclusive culture is an important part of becoming a gender-
equal company. 
60 per cent. of Ellevio’s management team consists of women. The total proportion of women in Ellevio was 36 per 
cent. in 2022. Women accounted for 34 per cent. of managers. This positive trend has been achieved through a strong 
focus on women in the recruitment process. The objective is to present female candidates for all vacancies. The 
diversity index for employees with a foreign background (people born abroad or who have two parents born abroad) 
was 16.9 per cent. 
Employee turnover 
Ellevio monitors employee turnover to detect potential problems in good time. Employee turnover during the year 
was 8 per cent. A total of 150 people were recruited during the year, of which 41 per cent. were women. A total of 57 
people ended their employment at Ellevio, six of whom retired.  
 
Employee turnover, 
% 
2022
2021
2020
Total women and 
men 
8 
7 
6 
of which
Wome
n
Men
Wome
n
Men
Wome
n
Men
Under age of 30  
0
1
0
1
0
0
30–50 
3
3
1
4
2
3
Over age of 50 
1
1
0
0
0
1
Total 
4
4
1
5
2
4
 
Employee turnover during the year as a percentage of the number of employees as of 31 December. 
 
Health and safety 
Much of the work on and surrounding Ellevio's electricity network involves safety risks and sometimes even health 
risks. A healthy and safe workplace for Ellevio therefore concerns not only its own employees but also everyone who 
is contracted to work for Ellevio, i.e. the employees of Ellevio’s contractors. Ellevio’s safety culture should be well-
established at Ellevio itself and among all those working on Ellevio’s behalf as part of its network operations. 
Ellevio's own internal safety culture survey showed that employees highly rate Ellevio's safety culture, with an 
average score of 8.9 out of 10. 
 
The safety and health of those working for Ellevio is always the top priority, as reflected in its vision of an accident-
free workplace with no work-related illnesses.  
 
Behaviour-based safety and safety programmes 
To reduce these risks, Ellevio pursues initiatives relating to the safe workplace and behaviour-based safety. In 2022, 
it decided to implement a new safety programme: “Säkra förutsättningar” (Safe conditions). The programme aims to 
ensure that Ellevio, as site owners, clients and developers, create safe conditions and reduce risks for those who work 
for Ellevio in the field.  
 
Systematic work environment initiatives

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
At Ellevio, systematic management of the work environment is well integrated into Ellevio’s processes and 
procedures, making it a natural part of its operations. Ellevio's continuous evaluations and dialogues enable proactive 
work environment management. Adjustments are made as needed in parallel with the monitoring of established 
targets. The work environment covers organisational, social and physical conditions at work.  
Work environment topics are managed by the “Elleviorådet” (Ellevio Council), which includes employer 
representatives, union representatives and the main work environment representative. The Council meets every four 
months to discuss general and fundamental issues such as occupational health care, employee pulse surveys, 
occupational injuries or incidents, operational development measures and any changes to the organisation or its 
premises.  
A work environment representative group collaborates with the employer on work environment issues and can 
provide guidance and support to employees.   
Ellevio only uses contractors who have the same high standards of health and safety. Through procurement 
requirements and monitoring, Ellevio ensures that contractors and suppliers have a systematic approach to health and 
safety. Ellevio works closely with its contractors and carries out site visits, verifies compliance with its contractual 
requirements and investigates accidents, incidents and risk observations.  
In 2022, the Swedish Work Environment Authority carried out preventive targeted inspections in the electricity 
network sector, both at network companies and contractors. The focus of the inspections was to see how companies 
undertake risk management with and without electrical hazards, building and construction work, systematic work 
environment management, etc. The Work Environment Authority visited Ellevio on two occasions. No remarks were 
noted.   
 
Work environment plans 
Ellevio's network analysts and project managers create a work environment plan for each individual project to 
identify and prevent potential risks at an early stage.  
Safety is also included in Ellevio's sustainability analyses for new investments and projects. Active risk management 
by contractors is monitored through contractor meetings, flying audits and in-depth audits. 
An online work environment and safety training course is mandatory for both employees and contractors. 
Monitoring, communication and improvements 
The work environment initiatives include both reactive and proactive key figures that are followed up on a monthly 
basis and reported to management and the Board. Work environment initiatives and events that occur are 
communicated continuously to all employees and contractors.  
Ellevio and its contractors report and follow up on accidents, incidents and risk observations in the ENIA deviation 
management system. Once an incident has been registered, the information is automatically sent to an incident 
manager who ensures an investigation is carried out, measures are taken and a follow-up is conducted before the case 
can be closed.  
Investigations, measures, follow-up work and constant improvements are all vital aspects of the systematic work 
environment initiatives in place to prevent serious near-accidents, accidents and work-related illnesses.  
ENIA has been developed further to enable better analysis and planning of initiatives based on reported deviations. 
The system also contains checklists for risk management and follow-up in the field. 
Accidents and sick leave

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
The number of work-related accidents among Ellevio contractors leading to sick leave in 2022 amounted to 11 , of 
which three were related to the ongoing meter replacement project. The extensive work to replace old electricity 
meters, which entails significantly more and different workplaces in environments that may involve a risk of injury. 
To reduce the risk of accidents within the meter replacement project, 402 safety inspections were carried out during 
the year.  
A total of 13 electrical accidents occurred during the year. Two of these resulted in sick leave – one electrical arc 
accident and an accident involving an electric current. One accident involving an electric current occurred at a 
customer's premises. 
All accidents leading to sick leave occurred among Ellevio's contractors and have been investigated, remedied and 
followed up to reduce the risk of recurrence.  
LTIF (Lost Time Injury Frequency) for 2022 was 3.4 per million hours worked . Excluding the meter replacement 
project, LTIF amounted to 2.7 . 
Sick leave among Ellevio’s own staff for 2022 was 2.32 per cent. , within which short-term sick leave was 1.25 per 
cent. 
 
In-house staff
2022
2021
2020
No. of fatal accidents 
–
–
–
No. of accidents that led to sick 
leave 
–
–
–
No. of accidents that did not lead 
to sick leave 
2
2
–
TRIF 
–
–
–
Contractors
2022
2021
2020
No. of fatal accidents 
–
–
–
No. of accidents that led to sick 
leave 
11
15
8
No. of accidents that did not lead 
to sick leave 
57
62
46
LTIF 
3.4
4.2
2.4
Sick leave, %
2022
2021
2020
Total 
2.32
1.89
1.74
Short-term sick leave 
1.25
0.74
0.89
 
Responsible supply chains 
Ellevio takes active steps to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, permits, contractual requirements and 
other requirements in the areas of work environment, environment, electrical safety, business ethics, labour law and 
human rights. Ellevio places the same demands on its suppliers as it does on its own operations. Ellevio's expectations 
of suppliers and business partners are clarified through a specific Code of Conduct for suppliers and partners. This 
is included as part of all of Ellevio's supplier agreements that exceed the direct procurement threshold of SEK 1.2 
million per year, as well as in the majority of smaller procurements.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Ellevio's operations rely on a large number of suppliers and contractors, and all purchases must be made responsibly. 
The risks associated with Ellevio supplier and contractor agreements are continuously assessed in terms of likelihood 
and impact. During the year, Ellevio carried out an updated review of procurement risks and due diligence processes, 
including human rights, labour and environmental issues. Based on these risk assessments, Ellevio has formulated 
contractual requirements and monitoring methods for various types of agreement.   
Ellevio is subject to the Act on procurement of water, energy, transport and postal services (“LUF”) (Sw. lag 
(2016:1146) om upphandling inom försörjningssektorerna). The majority of its purchasing takes place via call-off 
orders from procured framework agreements in which extensive social and environmental requirements are set during 
the procurement process, as well as through specific project procurements where equivalent requirements are placed 
on the specific project.  
Ellevio procures goods and services that are divided up into five main categories: contractors, IT, consultants, 
strategic materials and indirect materials/services. Suppliers that wish to qualify to participate in Ellevio's 
procurements make extensive declarations about their sustainability initiatives, which are reviewed and assessed by 
Ellevio. The content of the declarations depends on current risks and sustainability aspects and therefore varies 
between categories. Areas that are typically covered are health and safety, electrical safety, environment, quality, 
business ethics and the supply chain. Commitment to comply with Ellevio's Code of Conduct for suppliers and 
partners applies at all times. For new contractors, an in-depth dialogue or sustainability performance audit is also 
carried out in many cases. 
Before assignments for Ellevio begin, contractors must present contract-specific plans regarding the work 
environment and natural environment. The plans include descriptions of the risks involved in the assignment and 
how these are to be managed, as well as governance of the work environment and environmental topics.  
Monitoring and audits 
To ensure compliance with its contractual requirements and to prevent accidents and incidents, Ellevio conducts 
unannounced and announced field visits to contractors, known as flying audits.  
Since 2017, these have been followed up using the Sustainability Index, which covers nine areas and some 30 control 
points in the areas of work environment, electrical safety, safety and the environment. The target is for at least 90 per 
cent. of the control points to be free from deviations. In 2022, the Sustainability Index amounted to 91 per cent, in 
comparison to 2021 when it amounted to 93 per cent.  
Ellevio also conducts in-depth audits of both new and existing contractors and suppliers, including factory visits, in 
line with a separate plan for each year.  
A limited number of suppliers and contractors account for a very high proportion of Ellevio's purchasing volumes; 
79 suppliers account for 95 per cent. of Ellevio's total purchasing volume (in comparison to 2021 where 70 suppliers 
accounted for the same). These major suppliers are reviewed continuously.  
Furthermore, Ellevio has a number of smaller suppliers of products and services with annual volumes of less than 
SEK 100,000. If there is no framework agreement, then as a rule these are directly procured under the threshold 
value, and the requirements set for these suppliers are lower than in the case of full LUF procurements, in line with 
the proportionality principle. The majority of suppliers are Swedish or European, with a few suppliers located in 
other parts of the world. In contrast, the suppliers of Ellevio's subcontractors are typically located globally. 
In 2022, Ellevio purchased goods and services (excluding direct network services) for approximately SEK 4.2 billion, 
of which the majority were contracting services and materials for its electricity grids – including troubleshooting and 
maintenance as well as investments. A total of 1,193 different suppliers delivered contracts, goods and services to 
Ellevio in 2022.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Supplier audits
2022
2021
2020
No. of suppliers who supplied contracts, services or 
products 
1,193
1,083
1,190
No. of new major suppliers 
3
3
4
No. of environmentally audited new suppliers 
3
3
4
No. of socially audited new suppliers 
3
3
4
No. of in-depth audits 
10
10
 8
 
Security 
One of the most important aspects of the electricity network of the future is cyber security. 
Smart components and digitalised operating systems can be attacked by individuals, organisations or foreign powers 
who want to damage the grids. Ellevio is working to minimise the risks to the electricity network, its customers and 
society and  to develop protective security initiatives in the areas of information security and IT security. Security 
and preparedness were particularly high-priority areas in 2022.  
In parallel with this, Ellevio works to strengthen physical security. Ellevio has expanded its security vetting of both 
staff and partners in line with the application of the new Protective Security Act in order to reduce risks and enhance 
protective security. Protective security in procurements and commercial agreements (Swedish: Säkerhetsskydd vid 
upphandling och affärsavtal, SUA), has also been implemented in accordance with legislation. 
Reduce climate impact 
Ellevio continuously adjusts its climate ambitions and has accelerated efforts to reduce the climate impact of its 
operations.  
Ellevio focuses primarily on reducing emissions in the three areas where its climate impact is greatest:  
 
Electric vehicles and machinery 
 
Reducing the climate impact of materials for Ellevio projects  
 
Reducing leakage of the climate-damaging gas SF6 
Ellevio is also working to reduce its network losses, including by installing more energy-efficient components. 
Electric vehicles and machinery by 2030 
In 2022, Ellevio adopted a new target to reduce the climate impact of its own operations and value chain. The new 
target for electric vehicles and machinery is to be met by 2030 and includes, among other things: work vehicles, 
service vehicles and company cars used by the vehicles of Ellevio contractors that transport materials or equipment 
to Ellevio and to its machinery contractors (within Sweden), such as excavators, wheeled loaders, cranes and forestry 
equipment proprietary work vehicles and company cars. 
Currently, several hundred service vehicles are operated daily to carry out maintenance, service and troubleshooting 
across Ellevio's network. Electricity is the goal, but if charging infrastructure, aspects of readiness or technical 
challenges prevent electric vehicles and machinery, HVO – renewable diesel made from vegetable and animal fats – 
or other fossil-free fuels can be used in exceptional cases.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
A number of activities have been initiated to achieve the 2030 target, including: 
 
Increased procurement requirements. Ellevio already rewards contractors with ambitious climate initiatives 
through the “added value” aspect of procurements, and these efforts will be further developed. 
 
Reporting on vehicles and fuel. Contractors now report which vehicles and machinery they use and the amount 
of fuel consumed. 
 
Ongoing dialogues with suppliers, contractors and sector colleagues. 
 
Pilot project on sustainability for collaboration and learning. 
 
Climate impact of materials. 
 
Ellevio's investments in new substations and power lines mean it needs to use large amounts of materials and 
equipment. These materials are sourced via long chains of suppliers and subcontractors, with some manufacturing 
steps requiring large amounts of energy, which in turn results in CO2 emissions. Cable production accounts for a 
particularly large share of Ellevio's CO2 emissions along the supply chain, mainly due to the high emissions involved 
in aluminium production.  
In 2022, Ellevio initiated a project together with the cable supplier NKT to develop a cable produced with a 
significantly lower climate footprint than a conventional cable. The cable was completed in November 2022 and will 
be used in a joint project on Ellevio's electricity network.  
Reduce SF6 leakage 
The greenhouse gas SF6 (sulphur hexafluoride) is used in substations and switches as an insulation gas. SF6 has 
more than 23,000 times the climate impact of carbon dioxide. Leakage of SF6 represents the largest proportion of 
Ellevio's direct climate impact and it is important for Ellevio to minimise these emissions, or preferably avoid all use 
of SF6.  
Ellevio's policy is to not use gases with a major climate impact unless it is absolutely necessary for technical or space 
reasons. Substations insulated with SF6 gas are built in exceptional cases, preferably in Stockholm. This applies to 
substations at higher voltage levels that need to be established in densely populated areas with strong competition 
for land. This leaves little or no scope for other technological choices. SF6-free switchgear is under development, 
but is not yet commercially available for the highest voltage levels. 
By connecting its substations, Ellevio can now collect large amounts of data in real time and detect deviations quickly. 
Through digital solutions and smart grids, Ellevio can prevent faults, detect maintenance needs and quickly deal with 
leaks. A pilot project to detect SF6 leaks was carried out in 2022 together with the technology provider Gomero. 
SF6 leakage during the year amounted to 39.7 kg. This was mainly due to a handful of major leaks that occurred 
during the year. SF6 emissions vary from year to year and involve a small number of emissions compared to the 
relatively large number of switches and other components containing SF6. 
SF6, kg
2022
2021
2020
Total leakage 
39.7
18.3
34.5
 
Reducing emissions associated with network losses 
When electricity is transported via the electricity network, energy losses occur – these are known as network losses.  
As an electricity network company, Ellevio is responsible for continuously purchasing the amount of electricity that 
is lost via network losses across its network. Through agreements with electricity traders and the purchase of 
guarantees of origin, Ellevio ensures a fossil-free production mix for the network losses. In 2022, these purchases 
were hedged. During the year, total network losses amounted to 832 GWh.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
As Ellevio reinvests in the electricity grids, network losses can be reduced by more energy-efficient components 
being installed. In 2019, Ellevio began taking measurements to monitor the reduction of network losses that arise 
when old transformers are replaced with new, more effective ones. In 2022, energy savings from the replacement of 
transformers amounted to 1.2 GWh. 
Reporting in line with the GHG Protocol 
Ellevio’s greenhouse gas reporting covers direct (scope 1) and indirect emissions (scope 2) of greenhouse gases. The 
direct emissions mostly consist of emissions (leakage) of SF6 from Ellevio’s own facilities as well as emissions from 
proprietary and leased vehicles to some extent. The outcome for scope 1 in 2022 was due to the relatively large SF6 
gas leaks during the year. Indirect emissions come from the purchase of heating, cooling and electricity for Ellevio’s 
own use along with energy losses on the power line network. All property-based electricity in office buildings in 
Stockholm, Karlstad and Kungsbacka is now comes from renewable sources. 
In 2021, Ellevio carried out a comprehensive calculation of its scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. According to the 
GHG protocol, scope 3 includes indirect emissions other than scope 2 that arise in Ellevio's value chain. These 
emissions are primarily owned or controlled by other companies or operators, such as suppliers, contractors, retailers 
and customers. Scope 3 emissions occur both upstream or downstream in the value chain.  
Ellevio's largest scope 3 emissions occur upstream – in the supply chains. Operation, maintenance and above all 
expansion of the electricity grids requires a lot of materials, equipment, work with machines and transport. Purchased 
materials and capital goods for the electricity grids are highly energy-intensive to produce and involve large 
greenhouse gas emissions from suppliers, their subcontractors or in the energy production that supplies the suppliers' 
manufacturing with energy.  
In Ellevio's case, the use of aluminium in cables and phase conductors for overhead power lines accounts for the 
most significant proportion of scope 3 emissions. The use of copper and steel in operations also results in significant 
scope 3 emissions. The emissions resulting from the manufacture of cables and aluminium phase conductors also 
dominate Ellevio's total emissions.  
Ellevio's scope 3 emissions depend to a great extent on the investments that are made. The annual variations in scope 
3 thus mainly reflect investment volumes and the composition of those investments. The amount of newly installed 
cables and overhead power line phase conductors, as well as the amount of other materials and transportation, varies 
from year to year depending on the pace of investment and the type of project being carried out. 
Ellevio's total greenhouse gas emissions in scope 3 amounted to approximately 52,900 tonnes of CO2 in 2020, 52,200 
tonnes in 2021 and 48,700 tonnes in 2022. This difference in emissions is mainly due to the fact that the volume of 
the type of investments that drive scope 3 emissions was slightly lower in 2022 than in 2020 and 2021, which reduced 
scope 3 emissions accordingly.  
Ellevio's scope 3 data is divided into the categories Capital Goods and Transportation and Distribution (these are 
highly dependent on investments) and Purchased Goods and Services, Fuel and Energy Related Products and 
Business Travel (these are relatively independent of investments).  
At the end of 2022, Ellevio initiated a review of its GHG data to improve some inadequacies, for example regarding 
Ellevio’s use of backup generators in the event of disruptions. 
Understanding Ellevio's scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions is very valuable, and a number of activities have been initiated 
to improve our understanding, including in the areas of materials (cables) and machinery and vehicles. 
Business ethics and anti-corruption 
Good business ethics across its operations and anti-corruption are fundamental aspects of Ellevio’s business. Ellevio 
and all its employees must always comply with laws and provisions in the business. Ellevio does not tolerate any

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
form of corruption or bribery and has an Anti-corruption Policy that establishes rules to prevent corruption in its 
operations. 
To ensure that Ellevio's employees have a clear understanding of the content of the Code of Conduct and undertake 
to follow it, all employees must complete an online training course on the Code every year. As of 2020, anti-
corruption is included as part of the training course. This year's training course was held in November and December. 
The percentage of employees who had completed the course amounted to 98 per cent.  by the end of 2022. Ellevio 
has established risk management, review and monitoring processes to ensure compliance with relevant policies. 
Corporate Governance  
At Ellevio, authority, management and governance are allocated among the shareholders, Board of Directors, Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) and the management team. Ellevio’s corporate governance aims to ensure proper risk and 
internal control, a defined delegation of responsibilities, a healthy corporate culture, effective decision-making 
procedures and sound relations with Ellevio’s stakeholders, and thus to contribute to long-term value creation for the 
Ellevio’s shareholders. 
Principles of corporate governance 
Corporate governance at Ellevio is based on applicable laws and ordinances, Articles of Association, shareholder 
agreements, internal policies and instructions. 
The external regulatory policies primarily comprise the Swedish Companies Act, Swedish Annual Accounts Act, as 
well as other relevant laws. As a natural monopoly, the business is regulated in accordance with the Electricity Act 
and supervised by the Ei. Ellevio also adheres to regulations applicable to companies with interest-bearing 
instruments registered on Euronext Dublin. Ellevio is not subject to the mandatory requirement for listed companies 
to comply with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) since Ellevio’s shares not are listed on a 
regulated market in Sweden. 
Ellevio’s most significant internal governing document is the shareholders’ agreement signed by the four 
shareholders of Ellevio Holding 1 AB. The shareholders' agreement stipulates how the Parent Company and Group’s 
subsidiaries shall be governed. Other key governance documents are the Articles of Association and the Board’s rules 
of procedure and instructions for the CEO and on reporting to the Board. In addition, there is a Code of Conduct 
along with internal policies and instructions that are adopted by the Board or by Ellevio and revised on an annual 
basis. 
Annual general meeting 
The annual general meeting is Ellevio’s highest decision-making body, through which Ellevio’s shareholders are 
entitled to govern Ellevio’s business. The annual general meeting elects the Board of Directors and the auditors, 
decides their fees, adopts the income statement and balance sheet, resolves on the allocation of Ellevio’s earnings, 
grants the Board and CEO discharge from liability, and resolves on other matters pursuant to the law, Articles of 
Association and shareholders’ agreement. 
Board of Directors and its work 
The overall task of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) is to bear responsibility for the organisation and management 
of operations as well as financial reporting and sustainability reporting. The Board is also tasked with ensuring that 
Ellevio’s organisation is designed in a manner that assures satisfactory control of accounting, asset management and 
financial conditions in general. 
The Board is also responsible for establishing effective and appropriate systems for governance, internal control and 
risk management, as well as for establishing guidelines that aim to ensure long-term value creation. Furthermore, the 
Board should work to ensure that Ellevio acts as a role model for sustainable business practises in areas such as the 
environment, ethics, working conditions, human rights, equality and diversity.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
The Board shall establish written rules of procedure governing its own work, and these should be revised and 
confirmed on an annual basis. These contains, among other things, instructions on the Board’s areas of responsibility 
and the demarcation against the Board’s committees and CEO. The Board’s rules of procedure state that a board 
member must inform the board if a conflict of interest occurs. Such information is not disclosed to other parties. 
The Chairman of the Board oversees the evaluation the work of the Board, including sustainability aspects, and 
reports to the owners. This is done on an annual basis and aims to provide an overview of the Directors’ opinions on 
how work is progressing, as well as what changes could be made to enhance efficiency. The evaluation in 2022 did 
not cause any material changes in the Board’s work. 
Composition of the Board 
According to the Articles of Association, the Board is to comprise of no less than three and no more than ten members, 
and no more than ten deputies. The shareholders’ agreement states that the shareholders nominate Directors based 
on the size of their ownership and that the Board shall consist of seven members, of which one is an independent 
chairman, and that the annual general meeting takes the final decision. As presented below, each owner has nominated 
certain members of the Board. All elected Board members are independent of Ellevio and the Ellevio’s management. 
In 2022, the Board consisted of seven Directors and two employee representatives. At the end of the year, the Board 
had the following members, Fredrik Persson, Chairman (independent), Anna Belfrage (nominated by the Third AP 
Fund), Lars Clausen (nominated by OMERS Infrastructure), Göran Hägglund (nominated by AMF), Karin Jarl 
Månsson (nominated by OMERS Infrastructure), Michael McNicholas (nominated by OMERS Infrastructure), Sten 
Olsson (nominated by Folksam), Tomas Bergquist (employee representative) and Eyob Yehdego (employee 
representative). Deputies to the Board at the end of the year were Henrik Nordlander (nominated by the Third AP 
Fund), Fredrik Lundeborg (nominated by AMF), Adam Friedrichsen (nominated by OMERS Infrastructure), Marcus 
Blomberg (nominated by Folksam), Morgan Holm (employee representative) and Fredrik Ullman (employee 
representative). 
Board Committees 
Four Board committees have been established to enhance efficiency and opportunities for expanding the work of the 
Board: The Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Finance Committee and the Sustainability 
Committee. The committees serve in an advisory capacity and their work primarily involves preparing matters for 
decision by the Board. Meetings are minuted and committee chairs report on the progress of their work at every 
Board meeting. Representatives of Ellevio’s executive management participate in committee meetings. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting and the audit process. The Audit 
Committee monitors compliance with the relevant laws and the application of and compliance with corporate 
governance policies, including internal control and risk management. In 2022, the Audit Committee consisted of 
Anna Belfrage (Chair) and Michael McNicholas. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for adopting policies for the appointment and dismissal of senior 
executives, establishing remuneration policies and terms of employment for senior executives, as well as reviewing 
the performance of senior executives in relation to set objectives. In 2022, the committee comprised Fredrik Persson 
as chairman, Adam Friedrichsen and Sten Olsson. 
The Finance Committee is responsible for reviewing Ellevio’s financial strategy and the ongoing monitoring of the 
financial risk exposure. In 2022, the Finance Committee comprised Adam Friedrichsen (Chair), Sten Olsson, Henrik 
Norlander, Johan Temse and Eyob Yehdego (employee representative). 
The Sustainability Committee is responsible for assessing the strategy, monitoring performance in relation to set 
targets, identifying key areas of improvement and contribute to greater awareness of the importance of the areas 
health, safety, security, environment and climate. In 2022, the Sustainability Committee comprised Karin Jarl

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Månsson (Chair), Lars Clausen and Tomas Bergquist (employee representative). Karin Jarl Månsson has many years 
of experience both as Board Professional and Executive Director in the energy and infrastructure industry with a 
strong focus on sustainability and in particular safety. Lars Clausen also has extensive leadership experience in the 
energy and infrastructure sectors including within strategy, governance, sustainability and investment advice for 
energy and infrastructure funds. 
Board fees 
Board members elected at the annual general meeting can in special cases be remunerated for services within their 
respective areas of competence, which do not constitute Board work. A market consultancy fee shall be paid for 
these services, which shall be approved by the Board. 
Auditor 
The task of the auditor is to independently review the administration of the Board and CEO along with Ellevio’s 
annual report and bookkeeping. The annual general meeting is responsible for electing an external auditor. Auditors 
are elected for a term of one year, in accordance with the principal rule of the Swedish Companies Act. Pursuant to 
the Articles of Association, Ellevio must have one or two auditors. An auditing firm can be elected as Ellevio’s auditor. 
CEO and management team  
The Board appoints the CEO, who is responsible for the day-to-day management of Ellevio in accordance with the 
Board’s instructions. The allocation of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO is specified in addition to the 
Swedish Companies Act in instructions that are established by the Board each year. 
The CEO’s responsibility includes, but is not limited to, the operation of the business, human resources, finances and 
accounting, and maintaining regular contact with Ellevio’s stakeholders, such as government agencies. The CEO is 
responsible for ensuring that the Board receives the information it requires to take decisions and delivers monthly 
reports to the Board regarding the financial situation, significant events and other important information. 
The CEO has appointed a management team that oversees the day-to-day operations. The management team meets 
regularly to make decisions about and monitor the business, to discuss issues related to the organisation and human 
resources, as well as current projects and other matters. The management team, including the CEO, is presented 
below. 
Guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives  
Ellevio’s principles for the remuneration of senior executives state that Ellevio is to offer market-based terms of 
employment that enables Ellevio to recruit, develop and retain senior executives. In this context, “senior executives” 
refers to the CEO and other members of Ellevio’s management team. The total remuneration package consists of a 
combination of fixed monthly salary, variable remuneration, pensions and other benefits. 
The Remuneration Committee handles remuneration matters for senior executives. The Remuneration Committee 
submit proposals for decisions regarding the CEO’s remuneration and employment conditions, which are then 
decided by the Board. The Board evaluates the work of the CEO annually. For the other senior executives, proposals 
are proposed for decisions regarding remuneration and employment conditions by the CEO, based on the frameworks 
and directives resolved by the Remuneration Committee. Proposals are submitted to the Remuneration Committee 
for approval. 
Remuneration to senior executives should normally consist of a fixed and a variable portion. The fixed salary for 
senior executives should be based on the market as well as their level of skill, responsibility, experience and 
performance. The variable portion is divided up into two programmes: a bonus programme that applies to all 
employees and a long-term incentive programme that applies to the CEO and members of the management team. All 
variable remuneration should have an established maximum ceiling. The Remuneration Committee monitors and 
evaluates variable remuneration programmes at Ellevio.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Pensions and pension benefits should be offered via defined contribution schemes, which means that an established 
percentage of the individual’s annual basic salary is paid into a pension premium. When determining the size of the 
premium, total remuneration should be taken into account. The retirement age for the CEO and senior executives is 
65. 
The period of notice for the CEO is six months both for resignation and when termination is initiated by Ellevio. If 
the CEO’s employment is terminated by Ellevio, compensation equivalent of up to 12 months’ salary is payable in 
addition to the salary during the notice period. Any income from other employment and/or other proceeds from other 
activity during the period for which the CEO receives severance pay shall be deducted from the severance pay. No 
other remuneration is paid if the CEO resigns. 
The employment terms of other senior executives are consistent with the market and there are no agreements for 
termination salary more than six months, nor any agreements on severance pay. 
Operational management and internal control  
The Board and management team work in accordance with an annual cycle including a structured process for strategic 
business planning and operational monitoring. All Ellevio’s activities are based on Ellevio’s values, which are in turn 
based on the key words of reliability, commitment and development. Ellevio’s business is operated in accordance 
with Ellevio’s Code of Conduct. 
Ellevio maintains policies, instructions and procedures that are intended to establish rules and responsibilities for 
specific areas and to define mandates and authority.  
In addition to the policies adopted by the Board, there are also policies determined by the CEO, as well as instructions 
and procedures determined by the head of each business function. In line with the operational management structure, 
the management has produced policies within several areas, including sustainability, financing, the management of 
insider information, security and whistleblowing. 
These documents are available to all employees. They are revised on an annual basis or when necessary to ensure 
compliance with the prevailing laws and provisions and so forth. The organisation is continuously updated and given 
training in policies, instructions and procedures. Overall, this internal framework covers all relevant operational areas 
in an appropriate manner. 
Risk management is an integrated element in the planning, governance and monitoring of operations. Business risks 
are assessed through the strategy and the planning activities of the Board and management, and the underlying 
premise is that risks are managed on a day-to-day basis in the operations in which they arise. 
Ellevio conducts internal controls aimed at ensuring that operations are managed in a secure, appropriate and efficient 
manner. Internal control mechanisms for financial reporting aim to ensure that Ellevio prepares reliable financial 
statements and reporting, and complies with applicable laws and regulations. 
Ellevio has information and communication channels that aim to promote completeness and accuracy in its financial 
reporting. The annual report and half-year report specify which parts are formal financial reports, the regulations on 
which they are based, and which parts have been audited by Ellevio’s auditor. Ellevio publishes the half-year report, 
year-end report and annual report on Ellevio’s website. 
Ellevio’s operations are subject to supervision by Ei, which means that financial and operational reporting should be 
submitted annually. These reports can be found on Ei’s website. 
Management Team 
Ellevio benefits from an executive management team with over one hundred years of combined, relevant experience 
in the utilities sector. Ellevio has a separate Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Management Team.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
The Management Team consists of the heads of business and other units and handles the operational-level day-to-
day business of Ellevio and reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The senior management organisation of 
Ellevio is shown below: 
The CVs of the Management of Ellevio are as follows: 
Johan Lindehag 
Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director 
 
Year of birth: 1972 
Joined the business in: 2000 
Johan has more than 20 years of experience in the energy 
business, with 12 in the Nordic electricity distribution 
industry. Johan has been CEO of Ellevio since Ellevio 
became independent. Prior to that he occupied several 
senior management positions within Fortum, including 
VP, Fortum Distribution. Johan is a member of the Board 
of Directors of the energy startup Flower Technology that 
is focusing on power flexibility to enable the energy 
transition. Johan is also a member of the nominating 
committee 
of 
the 
Energy 
Industry 
Association 
Swedenergy.  
 
 
 
Anna-Karin Käck 
SVP, Finance  
 
Year of birth: 1976 
Joined the business in: 1999 
Anna-Karin has more than 20 years of experience in 
finance and business control as well as corporate planning 
functions of which the majority have been spent in the 
Nordic electricity distribution industry. She has occupied 
several senior management positions within the Group 
including: Head of Business Control, Asset Management 
and Design at Fortum (2009–2013) and Head of Business 
Control Network Construction & Service at Fortum 
(2006–2009).  
 
Erika Abrahamsson 
SVP, Legal and Security 
 
Year of birth:1965 
Joined the business in: 2011 
Erika has 11 years of experience in the energy industry. 
Prior to joining Ellevio, she was Senior Corporate 
Counsel at V&S Vin & Sprit AB (publ) (2006–2011) and 
lawyer at DLPA Piper law firm (1993–2006)  
 
 
David Bjurhall 
SVP, Regulation 
 
Year of birth: 1975 
Joined the business in: 2010 
David has some ten years of experience in Nordic 
electricity distribution industry, of which he during more 
than half of them has been responsible for regulation and 
tariffs. Prior to joining Ellevio, David worked as a 
Management Consultant for Deloitte (2005–2010).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
Jörgen Hasselström  
SVP, Asset Management and Operations 
 
 
Year of birth: 1972 
Joined the business in: 2019 
 
Jörgen has more than 20 years’ experience in various 
project manager, specialist and managerial functions 
within 
the 
Energy 
sector, 
both 
nationally 
and 
internationally. Prior to joining Ellevio in 2019 Jörgen has 
held managerial and advisory roles at Multiconsult AS, 
Sweco Energuide AB, and Fortum Distribution (now 
Ellevio).  
 
 
Emma Thorsen 
SVP, Customer and Market 
 
Year of birth: 1973 
Joined the business in: 2019  
Emma has sixteen years of experience of managing and 
building satisfaction in large subscription based customer 
bases. Prior to joining Ellevio, Emma worked as Chief 
Customer Officer for Viaplay Nordic (2015– 2018). She 
has held similar positions at Viasat (2012– 2015) and 
Canal Digital (2009– 2012). Emma has also ten years of 
experience as management consultant.  
 
 
Anna Lidberg 
SVP, Brand and Communications 
 
Year of birth: 1968 
Joined the business in: 2009 
Anna has more than 15 years of experience in the energy 
industry and more than 20 years of experience in the field 
of communications. Since 2015, she has been the head of 
the communications function at Ellevio. She previously 
held several senior communications positions at Fortum. 
Anna is part of the advisory board for Strategic 
communications at the industry association Swedenergy. 
 
 
 
Susanne Bragée 
SVP, People, Culture and Sustainability 
 
 
 
 
 
Year of birth: 1963 
Joined the business in: 2019 
Susanne has more than 25 years of experience of HR and 
10 years in finance in various industries. Prior to joining 
Ellevio, Susanne held the position as Vice president, 
HRBP Europe and Asia region, at Nasdaq (2009-2019).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Elisabeth Stjernstoft 
SVP, Business Solutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kristofer Fröjd 
SVP Strategy & Business Development 
 
 
Year of birth: 1969 
Joined the business in: 2021 
Elisabeth has extensive experience from leading digital 
transformations and as a change leader from roles as CIO. 
Prior to joining Ellevio, Elisabeth worked as CIO at 
Apoteket, Tele2 and Bring Citymail. Elisabeth started her 
career as IT and Management Consultant at Accenture. 
 
 
 
 
 
Year of birth: 1980 
Joined the business in: 2016 
Kristofer has an extensive background from leading 
positions at management consulting firms at Accenture 
and KnowIT. He has an international career mainly 
focusing on energy/utilities, industrial equipment’s and 
international trade and investment related questions. 
During 2012–2015 Kristofer had the position as the 
Swedish Trade Commissioner to Canada and was based in 
Toronto, Canada.  
 
Board of Directors  
The current directors of Ellevio are set out below. 
The following table sets out the directors of the Guarantor and their respective business addresses and occupations:  
Name 
Position 
Business Address 
Fredrik Persson 
Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Karlavägen 2  
114 24 STOCKHOLM 
 
Anna Belfrage 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Österportsgatan 1 A 
211 28 Malmö 
Lars Clausen 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Marianelundsvej 13  
3460 Birkeröd  
Denmark 
Göran Hägglund 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Källarpsgatan 19  
554 46 Jönköping 
Michael 
Mc 
Nicholas 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Omers Infrastructure Ltd., 
The Leadenhall Building, 
Floor 29, 122 Leadenhall 
Street, 
London, EC3V 4AB

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Name 
Position 
Business Address 
 
Sten Olsson 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Muneris konsult AB 
Idungatan 1B 
113 45 Stockholm 
 
Karin Jarl Månsson 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Byahornsgränd 5 
216 23 Malmö

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
CHAPTER 7 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF SWEDISH REGULATION TO WHICH  
ELLEVIO IS SUBJECT 
Ellevio is subject to economic regulation as further described in this Chapter. As such, Ellevio’s operational 
performance can impact on its financial performance through the incentives and penalties systems which the Ei  
has in place. In Ellevio’s view, such operational performance figures are not financial measures and as such not 
alternative performance measures unless specifically disclosed as such. 
Overview 
Sweden’s electricity market was reformed in 1996. Since that date, trade and production of electricity has been 
exposed to competition, while network operations (such as those performed by Ellevio) have been performed 
by a large number of regulated regional monopolies. 
The Swedish revenue regulation on the network operations is governed by regulations in a hierarchical structure, 
with EU Directives at the top followed by the Swedish Electricity Act, Ordinances and Authority Regulations. 
As further explained below, it is currently uncertain whether the Swedish revenue regulation is fully compliant 
with EU law. 
The EU regulatory framework 
The Swedish regulation is based on the directives and regulations of the European Union. The European Union’s 
“Clean Energy Package” (the “Clean Energy Package”) is a comprehensive regulatory package setting the EU 
energy efficiency and renewable energy ambitions for the 2030 horizon. The Clean Energy Package comprises 
eight legislative proposals and includes updates of prior EU legislation aiming to make the European Union 
energy market fully effective and creating a single European Union electricity and natural gas market. A part of 
the Clean Energy Package is the directive (EU) 2019/944 on common rules for the internal market for electricity 
(the “Electricity Directive”) which entered into force in 2019. 
According to Article 59(1)(a) of the Electricity Directive, regulatory authorities in each Member State are 
responsible for fixing or approving the methodologies used to calculate or establish transmission and 
distribution tariffs for electricity. Member States are required to guarantee the independence, impartiality and 
transparency of the relevant regulatory authority, and to ensure that suitable mechanisms exist at a national level 
for affected parties to appeal decisions of that regulatory authority. 
As an EU Member State, Sweden has a duty to correctly implement EU directives, such as the Electricity 
Directive. Swedish courts and authorities also have a duty to interpret Swedish law in conformity with EU law. 
The Electricity Act 
The Swedish Electricity Act (Sw. ellagen (1997:857)) (the “EA”) governs e.g. the DSO and TSO operations in 
Sweden. Most provisions are implementation of EU law and several amendments have been made in the EA 
during the last couple of years to implement the Clean Energy Package, including the Electricity Directive. The 
EA is supplemented with more specific rules in the Electricity Ordinance (Sw. elförordningen (2013:208)) (the 
“Electricity Ordinance”). 
The EA regulates e.g. concession requirements, the obligations of electricity grid owners, unbundling rules, the 
responsibilities of balancing responsible parties and consumer protection rules. The unbundling rules mean e.g. 
that electricity network activities must be legally separated from companies producing or trading in electricity.  
In accordance with the EA, companies having a concession for the grid network have an obligation to connect 
customers to its grid and may only deny connection under certain circumstances. The grid connection tariffs 
must be objective and non-discriminatory and promote efficient use of the electricity network.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
The EA regulates the revenue caps, i.e. the tariffs that the grid companies are allowed to charge its customers. 
The EA stipulates that the revenue cap for a regulatory period determined by the Ei (normally four years) shall 
be sufficient to 
1. 
cover the costs of operating an electricity grid that has similar objective conditions and is operated in an 
appropriate and efficient manner; 
2. 
cover depreciations, and 
3. 
provide such return on the capital base as is necessary to gain access to capital for investment in 
competition with alternative investments with a corresponding risk. 
The capital base shall be determined based on the assets that Ellevio uses to operate the grid, with consideration 
taken to investments and depreciations during the regulatory period. When deciding the revenue cap, the 
efficiency and quality of operating the grid shall also be considered. 
According to the EA, the Swedish Government is entitled to issue further regulatory requirements in ordinances, 
for instance on how to determine the capital base. This has been made through the Allowed Revenue Ordinance. 
The Allowed Revenue Ordinance sets out detailed rules on the calculation of the Allowed Revenue, such as the 
interest of return and how the WACC parameters shall be determined. However, according to judgments by the 
Administrative Court of Appeal in Jönköping (Sw. Kammarrätten i Jönköping) in June 2022, several provisions 
of the Allowed Revenue Ordinance have been deemed not to be in compliance with EU law. The Swedish 
Government has, in May 2022, decided on a special investigation to review the ex-ante revenue framework for 
the electricity and natural gas companies, with the purpose to achieve a regulatory framework that is in 
compliance with the Directive (EU) 2019/944 on common rules for the internal market for electricity (the 
“Electricity Directive”) and Directive 2009/73/EG concerning common rules for the internal market for natural 
gas. The investigation shall present its report by 31 October 2023 at the latest. 
For the next regulatory period, 2024-2027, the Ei has communicated that it will change its methods to calculate 
the revenue caps for the DSOs. As at the date of this Prospectus it is uncertain what methods the Ei will use to 
determine the revenue caps going forward.  
The regulatory framework for the revenue caps are further described below. 
Legislation regarding deficits from RP1  
The decisions by the Ei regarding for the first regulatory period (RP1) became subject to several and lengthy 
court processes where the final outcome (in 2015) resulted in considerably higher revenue frames for the DSOs. 
Since RP1 had almost ended, the DSOs had not been able to utilize their revenue caps for RP1 and had therefore 
substantial deficits that would increase the revenue caps for RP2 (a “carry over” of the unutilized revenue frame 
to the next regulatory period).  
In a judgment from 2019, the Administrative Court of Appeal found that the EA did not hinder DSOs to carry 
over deficits from RP1 also to later regulatory periods than RP2, i.e. to RP3 and thereafter. As a consequence 
of this judgment, the EA was amended to prevent such carry over to other regulatory periods than RP2. The 
amendment entered into force on 1 April 2020 (the “Stop Act"). In order for the DSOs to be able to use 
unutilized deficits from RP1, the Parliament adopted a special law that would render it possible for the deficits 
to be used for investments in the grid during RP3 and the fourth regulatory period 2024-2027 (“RP4”). This 
law, the Act on special investment space for electricity network operations (Sw. lag (2021:311) om särskilt 
investeringsutrymme för elnätsverksamhet), entered into force on 1 June 2021. 
In short, the Act on Special Investment Space provides a right for a DSO that has a deficit from RP1 to apply 
to the Ei for a “special investment amount” (Sw. särskilt investeringsbelopp) that allows Ellevio to make

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
revenues to finance investments during RP3 and RP4. The application procedure has two steps; (i) the network 
company shall apply for a “special investment space” (Sw. särskilt investeringsutrymme) before the end of the 
relevant regulatory period, and (ii) the network company shall apply for a “special investment amount” within 
three months from the end of the relevant regulatory period.  
The “special investment amount” may not exceed the “special investment space”, which is based on the deficit 
from RP1, nor the investments made by the network company during the relevant regulatory period. It is 
currently uncertain if the Act on special investment space will be repealed as part of the review of the Swedish 
revenue cap regulation. Hence, it is uncertain if Ellevio will not be able to obtain an increase of the revenue 
caps for RP3 and RP4 for such special investments that the current law regulates. 
Regulatory Authorities 
The main regulatory body for the Swedish energy markets is the Ei, an authority under the Ministry of Climate 
and Business. It supervises the Swedish electricity, natural gas and district heating markets. One of the main 
responsibilities of the Ei is to improve the functioning and efficiency of these markets. The Ei’s role involves 
both regulating monopoly operation in the electricity and natural gas networks and monitoring the competitive 
energy markets. The Ei’s work is intended to contribute to a reliable supply network, well-functioning energy 
markets and consumer awareness. The Swedish parliament and the government decide on the assignments and 
budget of the Ei. 
The Ei’s duties are governed through terms of reference, annual appropriation directions and specific 
Government assignments. Its work is intended to contribute to the implementation of the energy market policies 
of the Government and the Riksdag (the Swedish parliament). Furthermore the Ei supervises compliance with 
laws and regulations in the energy markets sector. The laws that govern its operations are the Electricity Act, 
the Natural Gas Act, the District Heating Act, the Act on Certain Pipelines, the Act on the Certification of 
National Grid Undertakings for Electricity and the Certification of Certain Natural Gas Undertakings. The Ei’s 
operations are also governed by extensive EU regulation. 
The markets for electricity and gas in Europe are becoming increasingly transnational. The Ei’s duties therefore 
include participating, as a representative of Sweden, in the development of energy markets within the Nordic 
countries and Europe. 
The Ei’s operations can be summarised as follows:  
 
inspecting whether network fees are reasonable for electricity and gas; 
 
 examining applications for and issuing concessions for electricity and gas; 
 
 examining whether connection fees are reasonable for electricity; 
 
monitoring quality in the electricity network; 
 
monitoring and analysing the development of the electricity, gas and district heating markets; 
 
 strengthening the position of customers by providing information; 
 
 suggesting changes to laws or other measures when necessary; and 
 
working internationally within ACER, CEER, NordREG and ICER. 
Svenska kraftnät, which owns and operates the national grid, is a state-owned public utility, responsible for 
transmitting electricity from the major power stations to regional electrical grids via the national grids. Svenska 
kraftnät is also the system operator under the EA, which means that it has overall responsibility for ensuring 
that electrical plants work together in an operationally reliable way so that the balance between the production

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
and consumption of electricity is maintained throughout the country. Svenska kraftnät is commissioned to 
commercially manage, run and develop a cost-effective operationally safe and environmentally sound 
electricity transmission system as well as to sell transmission capacity and conduct other activities connected 
to the electricity transmission system.  
The Swedish electricity network is operated as a regulated monopoly with the Ei reviewing the network 
companies’ revenues and assessing whether they are fair or not. The tariffs payable by customers are set by the 
individual DSOs. 
The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) supervises Swedish 
actors who with the SFSA’s permission operate on the financial electricity market. Supervision of trade and 
businesses’ actions takes place on the exchanges Nord Pool Spot and Nasdaq Commodities. The Nord Pool 
Spot, which is based in Norway, is supervised by the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate (No. 
Norges vassdrags- og energidirektorat) and the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (No. 
Finanstilsynet). 
The Swedish Competition Authority (Sw. Konkurrensverket) is the authority that ensures that companies in the 
Swedish electricity market do not violate the prohibitions on restrictive agreements and abuse of dominant 
position set out in the Treaty on Functioning of European Union and the Swedish Competition Act (Sw. 
konkurrenslagen (2008:579)). The Swedish Competition Act also contains a prohibition against anti-
competitive public sales operations, and the Swedish Competition Authority may actively intervene in the above 
restrictions on its own initiative or following complaints from companies or the public. The Competition Act 
also includes rules governing mergers and acquisitions. The Swedish Competition Authority also proposes 
changes to regulations and other measures, which aim to eliminate existing barriers to competition. 
The Swedish court system 
The two primary court systems in the Swedish judicial structure are the administrative and the general courts. 
The administrative court system is the relevant court system for cases involving Ellevio and the Ei. The general 
administrative courts are the courts of first instance among the administrative courts and deal with cases 
involving disputes between the community and individuals. These courts settle many different types of cases. 
Common types of cases are tax cases, social insurance cases, and decisions from authorities such as the Ei (for 
example, decisions regarding the revenue caps). A common type of case in an administrative court would be a 
submission for judicial review by an individual against an adverse decision of an administrative authority in 
one of the above areas of interest. 
There are three levels of administrative courts. The first level of administrative courts is the County 
Administrative Courts. The Administrative Court in Linköping handles cases where the Ei is involved. The 
second level of administrative courts consist of four Administrative Courts of Appeal. For most kinds of cases, 
leave to apply for judicial review is required for a full review by an administrative court of appeal. The 
Administrative Court of Appeal in Jönköping handles cases where the Ei is involved. The highest level of 
administrative court is the Supreme Administrative Court. Not all adverse decisions of the county administrative 
courts are subject to review by the Administrative Courts of Appeal. Leave to apply for review by the Supreme 
Administrative Court is granted in only about two to three per cent. of the cases where it is requested. 
Proceedings in the administrative courts can be conducted either entirely through written submissions or in 
certain cases via oral presentation. 
Impact of EU and Nordic regulations 
As a part of the European Union, Sweden is obliged to implement EU directives. Relevant directives are e.g. 
the Energy Efficiency Directive (2012/27/EU), the Renewable Energy Directive (2018/2001/EU) and the 
Electricity Directive. In addition to EU level regulation, Nordic energy market authorities have a common

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
objective to increase competition, improve the efficiency of business operations in the market and make it easier 
for consumers to operate in the electricity market. 
Principles of Electricity Distribution Regulation 
General obligations of DSOs 
DSOs have an important role to play, both in ensuring that system operation is secure and as a neutral market 
facilitator. Operation of the network may not be undertaken by a legal entity engaged in production of or trade 
in electricity. The reason for this is that the electricity distribution network and thus the design of network tariffs 
is a monopoly under public control, while the production and trade of electricity takes place in a competitive 
environment. It has been considered important that the regulated network operations are not affected by 
conditions in unregulated competitive electricity production or electricity trading. 
A company conducting network operations, which is part of a group whose collective power grid has at least 
100,000 electricity users, must have its organisation and decision making kept apart from companies engaged 
in production of or trade in electricity. The operator of the distribution system must also have a right of decision 
when it comes to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the network. 
Ellevio generally owns the physical assets comprising the grid and is, pursuant to the EA, under an obligation 
to operate and maintain such assets. This includes ensuring that the grid is safe, reliable and efficient and, further, 
that the grid can be expected to meet reasonable long-term demands regarding distribution of electricity. A DSO 
has to fulfil a number of obligations in order to be granted a concession. The DSO has to fulfil all obligations 
set out by the Ei in connection with the process of granting the relevant concession. This includes conducting 
an environmental impact assessment of the planned line or grid and, an assessment of the necessity of the line 
or grid on basis of the public interest of a safe and functioning electricity grid. Furthermore, a DSO is obliged 
to operate the licensed line or grid in compliance with the regulations that the Ei has set out for the operation 
of the specific line or grid. 
The DSO has obligations aimed at ensuring a functioning electricity market, including that it must provide 
reports on electricity consumption to electricity market actors. If an electricity company ceases to exist or stops 
the delivery of electricity, the DSO has to appoint another electricity company for the purpose of delivering 
electricity to end consumers. In addition, the DSO has to provide security to the Ei to ensure that there is enough 
capital to remove the line or grid in case of an insolvency of the DSO or a breach of the concession. Similarly, 
the DSO has an obligation to deliver an annual financial report to the Ei, so that the Ei is able to monitor whether 
the DSO is equipped to operate the line or grid in the future. 
Concessions 
Concessions (permits issued by the Ei under the EA) are required to build and operate high-voltage cables. The 
pre-conditions for granting a concession to a company are that it has the technical, economic, organisational 
and resource capabilities needed for conducting an electricity distribution operation. 
A network concession is, as a general rule, granted for an indefinite period. However, line concessions may be 
subject to revisions (Sw. omprövningar) 40 years after the concession decision. A revision of a line concession 
could be initiated  by the county administrative board, the municipality or the Ei. 
As a general rule, area concessions are granted for an indefinite period. However, the owner of the area 
concession could at any point request a change to the conditions of the concession. In addition, the Ei could 
initiate revisions every 25 years after the prior change. Such revisions may entail new conditions being imposed. 
An example of changed condition is changes of allowed voltage span. 
There are only three circumstances in which a concession could be withdrawn by the regulator:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(a) if the DSO were to discontinue its operations; 
(b) if the cables were substantially poorly managed for an extended period of time; or 
(c) if the DSO no longer meet the pre-conditions for the granting of the concession(s). 
If a DSO is in severe and protracted breach of its obligations under applicable legislation or the terms of its 
concessions, its assets could be placed under receivership pursuant to the provisions of the Act (2004:875) (the 
“Act on Special Administration of Certain Electronic Installations”). The Ei may then request that the 
Administrative Court make determinations with respect to such receivership. The relevant provisions of the Act 
on Special Administration of Certain Electronic Installations have only ever been applied once, when Ekfors 
Power Company Limited (“Ekfors”) was put under receivership in 2010. However, before the matter could be 
concluded, Ekfors was declared bankrupt. Ekfors was a small DSO that held concessions in two municipalities 
in the Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The circumstances surrounding the receivership of Ekfors were 
extraordinary and were a result of severe violations (including cutting the supply of electricity to street lighting, 
in violation of both regulations and its concessions), a fundamental breakdown in relations with the 
municipalities and poor financial performance (resulting in Ekfors being declared bankrupt by the Stockholm 
District Court in 2011). To Ellevio’s knowledge and belief (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that this 
is the case), to date no DSO (other than Ekfors) has lost its concessions in Sweden. 
Distribution tariffs 
History 
The Swedish regulatory framework for electricity distribution tariffs has evolved during the years since the 
deregulation of the electricity market started in 1996. The development has been driven by deregulation as well 
as compliance with European Union directives and regulations resulting in gradual steps towards other 
European regulatory models. The first ex-ante model was introduced in 2012 for RP1 and a new linear model 
was introduced before RP2. The linear model more closely resembles other European regulatory models. 
In Sweden, the regulation of tariffs has historically been done in retrospect through ex-post supervision. After 
the deregulation in 1996 Sweden allowed free pricing for distribution system operators combined with ex-post 
regulation and tariffs from general guidelines. A more structured model was introduced in 2003. 
A network performance assessment model was used between 2003–2007. The supervision remained ex-post 
but a more detailed methodology was used to calculate the revenue caps. The model calculated the customer 
value for a standard network to provide a revenue cap using input from the distribution system operators. 
In 2006 the Government initiated an assessment of how to comply with the Third Energy Package. In 2009 the 
Government decided that a new ex-ante framework was to be introduced in 2012 to ensure compliance with the 
EU directives. 
During 2008 to 2012 a revised model was needed because the old model could no longer be used and the new 
model was only to be introduced from 2012. Thus an intermediate model was introduced to create a smooth 
transition to the ex-ante model. The intermediate model used an annuity methodology to calculate the revenue 
cap and the model showed significant similarities with the ex-ante model. 
Brief overview of the revenue framework 
According to the EA, the revenue caps shall cover reasonable costs for the companies’ network operations 
during the regulatory period and result in a reasonable return on the capital required to run the operations (the 
capital base). When determining the reasonable costs for the operation of the grid, costs for appropriate and 
efficient operation of network operations with similar objective criteria shall be taken into account. The quality 
of the companies’ operations is taken into account when deciding the rate of return.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
The capital cost is the cost of using capital and is calculated based on the capital base, which includes fixed 
assets such as network cables and transmission stations. Investments made during the regulatory period are 
included in the capital base. For the coming revenue caps, the Ei has indicated that it will change the current 
system to an asset-preserving method. 
The revenue caps are determined for a four year regulatory period. After each regulatory period, the actual 
revenues are controlled against the revenue caps. If the revenues deviate from the revenue cap, this will impact 
the revenue cap for the subsequent regulatory period. If the DSOs actual revenues have been less than the 
allowed revenues (a deficit), the revenue cap for the following period will be increased by an equivalent amount. 
If the DSO has exceeded the cap, the revenue cap for the following period is reduced and an overcharging fee 
(further reducing the revenue cap) will be added if the cap has been exceeded by more than 5 per cent. The 
revenue caps may also be reassessed during and after the regulatory period. 
The revenue caps for the first regulatory periods have been set based on four main components: 
 
Capital compensation, comprising capital cost and a rate of return on the regulatory asset base (the 
“RAV”); 
 
Non-controllable costs; 
 
Controllable costs; and 
 
Quality incentive and any regulatory surplus/deficit from the previous regulatory period. 
The regulatory rate of return has been determined by regulatory guidelines. According to such guidelines, a 
component of the return is determined by using the calculation model known as the weighted average cost of 
capital (“WACC”) based on an assumed capital structure. WACC is calculated with respect to lenders’ and 
investors’ return in proportion to their share of the total capital. The required return that the investors are 
expected to have amounts to some risk-free rate and a risk premium, both of which are determined on the basis 
of industry and activity. 
Calculating WACC involves considering components such as the cost of debt and the optimal debt proportion 
in relation to market value. The calculation of WACC and its components have been subject to legal assessments 
in court proceedings regarding the revenue caps for RP1-RP3, which has led to different levels of the regulatory 
return during the previous regulatory periods. For RP1 the regulatory return calculated according to WACC was 
ultimately (after court proceedings) set to 6.5 per cent. For RP2, the Ei released a decision to reduce the 
regulatory rate of return to 4.53 per cent. Following appeals from the DSOs, the Administrative Court ruled that 
the WACC for RP2 should be 5.85 per cent.16  
For the third regulatory period RP3, the Ei set the WACC to 2.16 per cent. real before tax. Most of the Swedish 
DSOs, including Ellevio, appealed the decision to the Administrative Court. The judgment by the 
Administrative Court was appealed to the Administrative Court of Appeal by the Ei. In June 2022, the 
Administrative Court of Appeal announced its judgment and repealed the decision by the Ei. The Administrative 
Court of Appeal found that several provisions in the Allowed Revenue Ordinance regarding calculation of the 
return were not compliant with EU law and that these provisions shall not be applied when determining the 
revenue caps for RP3. The Administrative Court of Appeal also decreed that the return on RAV should be 
calculated using methods determined by the Ei, whereby the Ei shall act in accordance with the relevant 
objectives and requirements set out in EU law.  
As a result of the court proceedings for RP3, the Ei’s initial decisions regarding Ellevio’s revenue cap (and 
allowed regulatory return) have been referred back to the Ei for reconsideration based on the findings of the 
 
16 Judgments of the Administrative Court in Linköping, 14 December 2016, cases no 4711-15 et al.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Administrative Court of Appeal. As on the date of this Prospectus, the Ei has not yet issued any new decision 
regarding Ellevio’s revenue cap for RP3, including the regulatory rate of return. It is also not known how the 
Ei intends to determine the regulatory rate of return for RP4 since the Ei will present a new method for 
determining the revenue caps for RP4 (by 31 October 2023 at the latest). 
The regulatory period 2012-2015 (RP1) 
The method that the Ei applied for the revenue caps for RP1 was based on a so-called standardised method and 
a transition method. The Ei was of the opinion that using the standardised method in full would give rise to 
certain transitional effects, which would eventually hit electricity customers. Therefore, the method of 
calculation was revised and adjusted by the Ei through a transition method that lowered the revenue caps for 
RP1. 
About half of all decisions made by the Ei regarding RP1 were referred to the Administrative Court for review.  
The transition method was rejected by the Administrative Court and the Administrative Court of Appeal . The 
courts found that the standardised method developed by the Ei for calculating the grid operators’ revenue caps 
was prepared in accordance with current provisions, according to which both the customers’ and the grid 
operators’ interests had been taken into account.  
The Ei had set cost of capital to 5.2 per cent. The courts found that that a reasonable long-term stable interest 
rate should be set at 6.5 per cent. before tax during RP1. The judgments by the Administrative Court of Appeal, 
which gain legal force in 2015, rendered the DSOs significant increase revenue frames. 
The regulatory period 2016–2019 (RP2) 
For the second regulatory period, some changes were made to the revenue regulation. The real annuity 
depreciation method was replaced by using a real linear depreciation of the regulatory asset base to determine 
the capital compensation. A successive revision component and a transition rule called the 38-year rule were 
introduced.  Depreciation times were fixed in the Allowed Revenue Ordinance. Hence, the main change in 
methodology was how the capital compensation was derived. The remaining components of the revenue caps 
were materially the same as in RP1. There were also some smaller adjustments to other regulatory parameters. 
The Ei decided that the discount rate for RP2 should be calculated with the WACC method and set to 4.53 per 
cent., i.e a reduction compared to RP1. A majority of the electricity distribution network operators appealed the 
decision on the WACC. The Administrative Court ruled that the WACC for RP2 should be 5.85 per cent. and 
cited expert opinions and investigations. The Administrative Court of Appeal did not grant leave to appeal, so 
the WACC rate for RP2 was set to 5.85 per cent. real before tax. 
For RP1 there was an efficiency requirement of 1%. In RP2 individual efficiency requirements were introduced. 
They were calculated based on estimated efficiency improvement potential but was set to 1% at the lowest.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
The Ei also increased the revenue caps for the DSOs with the deficits (unutilised revenues) from RP1. In its 
decision, the Ei stated that the deficits from RP1 were only possible to use during RP2 that any deficits from 
RP1 that were not utilised during RP2 would not increase the revenue caps for RP3. These decisions were 
appealed and became subject to court rulings, see further below. 
  
The regulatory period 2020–2023 (RP3) 
 
Source: Ellevio 
For the third regulatory framework (RP3) the Swedish Government decided on amendments in the Ordinance 
which entered into force on 1 January 2019.17 The amendments in the Allowed Revenue Ordinance specifies in 
detail how return on capital should be calculated, including e.g. determination of WACC parameters. The 
decisions of the Ei for the revenue caps for RP3, which were based in the Ordinance, resulted in e.g. materially 
lower WACC (2.16 per cent.) compared to RP2.  
A majority of the DSOs, including Ellevio, appealed the decisions of the Ei to the Administrative Court in 
Linköping. The main grounds for the appeals were, in short, that the Allowed Revenue Ordinance sets out a 
revenue framework which the DSO considered was in breach of the EA, established case law and EU law. The 
 
17 Förordning (2018:1520) om intäktsram för elnätsverksamhet. 
STANDARD PRICE  
LIST 
 Value based on a standard 
price list, inflation adjusted 
INDEXED 
PROCUREMENT VALUE 
 Value based on original 
purchase price, inflation 
adjusted 
NET BOOK VALUE 
 Value based on depreciated 
fixed asset on the balance 
sheet 
 Only for components built 
prior to 2010 
OTHER 
 Apply value of similar asset 
with method 1-3, or hire an 
appraiser 
 Only for components built 
prior to 2010
2 
1 
3 
4 
NOT POSSIBLE? 
 
NOT POSSIBLE? 
 
NOT POSSIBLE? 
 

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Administrative Court announced its judgments in February 2021, stating that the decisions were not compliant 
with EU law. After an appeal of the Ei to the Administrative Court of Appeal in Jönköping, it was established 
in rulings on 16 June 2022 that several provisions in the Allowed Revenue Ordinance regarding calculation of 
the return were not compliant with EU law (referring to the ruling of the CJEU in the case C-718/18, 
Commission v. Germany) and that these provisions of the Ordinance could not be applied when determining 
the revenue caps for RP3. The judgments emphasised the Ei's role as independent regulatory authority with 
exclusive competence to determine the revenue caps.  
The Administrative Court of Appeal repealed the decisions by the Ei and referred the matter back to the Ei for 
recalculation of the revenue caps for RP3 using methods determined by the Ei, whereby the Ei shall act in 
accordance with the objectives and requirements in the Electricity Directive and the principles set out in the 
judgement by the Administrative Court of Appeal.18 The judgment gained legal force in January 2023, when 
the Supreme Administrative Court did not grant leave to appeal.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Ei has not yet issued any new decisions regarding the revenue caps for 
RP3. 
The regulatory period 2024–2027 (RP4) 
The rulings of the Administrative Court of Appeal for RP3 and the CJEU judgment have concluded that the 
Electricity Directive stipulates that the national regulatory authorities have an exclusive power to fix or approve 
the methodologies used to calculate or establish transmission and distribution tariffs for electricity, and that 
several provisions regarding the calculation of return in the Allowed Revenue Ordinance are not compliant with 
EU law. 
Against this background, the Swedish Government also appointed an investigation to review the current legal 
framework on allowed revenues and whether it is compliant with the Electricity Directive. The purpose of the 
investigation is  to (i) assess the Swedish regulatory framework in relation to the CJEU’s ruling in C-718/18, 
(ii) review the rules on appeals of the Ei’s decisions in matters regarding network tariffs and other conditions 
for connection and access to the electricity network, (iii) propose amendments to the legislation, and (iv) analyse 
the consequences of the amendments for the functioning of the electricity market and costs or profits for the 
market actors19. The results of the Government’s investigation shall be presented on 31 October 2023, at the 
latest. 
The Ei has on 24 November 2022 repealed several regulations regarding reporting requirements, calculation of 
reasonable costs and reasonable return, quality parameters and effective utilization of the distribution network. 
For the coming regulatory period 2024-2027, the Ei has announced that it will decide on a new method for 
calculating the revenue caps. It is currently uncertain what methods will be used for determination of revenue 
caps going forward. In December 2022, the Ei requested that DSOs report and submit information that will be 
used for the coming decisions for RP4. This information shall be submitted to the Ei on 20 April 2023 at the 
latest.20 The information required by the Ei indicates that the Ei intends to make changes to the applied method, 
e.g. by changing the method to calculate the regulatory assets value from a capacity preservation method (based 
on standard costs) to an asset preservation method (valuation based on original procurement value). The 
decisions also indicate that some operating costs (such as costs for leased assets), that has been treated as capital 
costs in the past, may no longer be treated as capital costs and, thus, may not be included in the calculation of 
 
18 The Administrative Court of Appeal in Jönköping in cases no 1211–1214-21. 
19 Dir. 2022:20, Översyn av regleringen på el- och naturgasområdena 
20 Handbook on reporting of information as a basis for decisions on revenue caps 2024-2027 (Sw. Handbok för inrapportering av uppgifter till  
grund för beslut om intäktsram 2024–2027).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
the RAV. The majority of these decisions have been appealed to the Administrative Court by the DSOs and the 
appeal proceedings are  ongoing as at the date of this Prospectus.  
On 6 April 2023, the Administrative Court in Linköping announced its judgment (Judgment of the 
Administrative Court in Linköping, 6 April 2023, cases no 323-23 et al). In brief, the cases relate to what 
information Ellevio and other DSOs, according to decisions made by Ei, must report to the Ei as a basis for 
decisions on revenue caps for the regulatory period 2024-2027 (RP4). The Ei has requested that Ellevio and 
other DSOs report data on the original acquisition value of the facilities, while Ellevio and other DSOs argue 
that such a request lacks support in law. The Court found that the decisions by the Ei regarding the request of 
information in question relating to which fixed assets are included in the capital base and the accounting of the 
fixed assets are not compliant with the EA. The court decisions may be appealed to the Administrative Court 
of Appeal. The Ei will issue its decisions on the revenue caps for RP4 on 31 October 2023 at the latest. 
To summarise, as at the date of this Prospectus it is highly uncertain as to what parts of the current regulatory 
framework governing the revenue caps will remain, be amended or repealed. The calculation method for the 
future revenue caps is also unknown.  
Legislation regarding special investment space during RP3 and RP4  
In June 2021 a new Act on special investment space in electricity network operation (Sw. lagen (2021:311) om 
särskilt investeringsutrymme för elnätsverksamhet) came into force. The law provides DSOs with an unused 
deficit from RP1 a possibility to obtain an increase of the revenue caps for RP3 and RP4 for additional 
investments with the purpose to increase the capacity of the electricity network. A DSO with an unused deficit 
from RP1 may apply for a special investment amount that can be used to make revenue to finance investments 
made during RP3. To receive a special investment amount, the network company shall apply for a special 
investment space before the end of RP3 and then apply for a special investment amount within three months 
from the end of RP3. The DSOs may also apply for special investment space for RP4. The total amounts that 
the companies can apply for is around SEK 35 billion at 2018 price levels, before deductions and adjustments. 
The Ei has currently issued approximately 75 decisions whereby special investment space has been approved, 
including decisions for Ellevio. However, as part of the ongoing investigation (determined by the Government) 
regarding the ex-ante framework’s compliance with EU law, it has been proposed that the Act on special 
investment space and the appurtenant provision in Chapter 5, Section 29 a of the EA; shall be abolished, since 
it is deemed to be in breach of EU law and the requirement that the regulator (the Ei) must be fully independent 
in determining the distribution tariffs or the methods for calculating such tariffs.21 Hence, as at the date of this 
Prospectus it is uncertain if DSOs will actually be granted the special investment amount increasing the revenue 
caps for RP3 and RP4 according to the issued decisions on the investment amounts for RP3.  
 
21  Memorandum regarding Investment Space to expert grpoup meeting 6 March, The investigation on the review of the regulatory framework for  
electricity and natural gas (Sw. Utredningen om översyn av regleringen på el- och naturgasområdena), I 2022:01, 24 February 2023

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
CHAPTER 8 
SELECTED FINANCIAL OVERVIEW OF ELLEVIO 
The commentary in this section should be read in conjunction with the 2022 financial statements, which are 
incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. Further details can be found in the section entitled “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” set out on page 11 of this Prospectus. 
Company 
Item 
Periods ending 
Accounting standard 
Ellevio AB (publ) 
Audited financial statements 
2022 
Swedish GAAP 
RFR2 
Basis of Preparation 
The annual accounts for 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(1995:1554) and Recommendation RFR 2 Financial Reporting for Legal Entities of the Swedish Financial 
Reporting Board. The application of RFR 2 requires that Ellevio apply, as far as possible, all EU-adopted 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations of IFRS as developed by the IFRS 
Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) subject to the provisions of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the 
Swedish Pension Obligations Vesting Act and taking account of the relationship between accounting and 
taxation.  
Ellevio  
Ellevio uses Net sales, Operating Profit and EBITDA as performance indicators of its business operations. 
Summary of financials (SEK, millions) 
Item 
2022 
2021 
Net Sales 
7,535 
7,153 
Operating Profit 
2,085 
1,973 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment or 
property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets 
1,833 
1,727 
EBITDA22 
3,918 
3,700 
EBITDA margin (per cent.)23 
52.0% 
51.7% 
 
The revenue generated by Ellevio is fully regulated as explained in Chapter 7 “Selected Aspects of Swedish 
Regulation to which Ellevio is Subject”. 
The majority of the revenue is generated from the distribution of electricity. This distribution revenue is 
dependent on both the network tariff and electricity consumption. The tariffs are set in accordance with the 
 
22 EBITDA is an alternative performance measure. It is calculated using Ellevio’s statutory annual report by subtracting the line item 
“Depreciation, amortisation and impairment or property, plant and equipment and intangible assets” from the line item “Operating Profit”. It 
has been included in this Prospectus to allow potential Bondholders to better assess Ellevio’s performance and business.  
23 EBITDA margin is an alternative performance measure. It is calculated by dividing EBITDA over the line item “Net Sales” from Ellevio’s 
statutory annual report and multiplying that figure by 100. It has been included in this Prospectus to allow potential Bondholders to better 
assess Ellevio’s performance and business.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Ellevio’s pricing strategy. Ellevio has discretion to set prices which are within the limits of the regulatory 
framework. The regulatory framework is broadly “volume neutral” since any over- or under-recovery of 
revenue attributed to volumes can be corrected in subsequent years. 
Electricity consumption can vary depending on customer type. The consumption per connection for both 
households and businesses is heavily dependent on weather conditions and temperature. In addition, the 
consumption growth for households is driven by population growth, whereas for business customers, services, 
construction and industrial sectors, economic growth is a key driver. 
In addition, Ellevio generates regulated revenue through the sale of new network connections and contracting 
works. Connection fees are payable for new physical connections to the electricity distribution network and are 
broadly correlated with macroeconomic development. Connection fees are from 2018 onward periodised over 
40 years for standard connections and 25 years for wind farms (based on implementation of IFRS15). Ellevio’s 
contracting works are separately invoiced services for customers who require additional works, for example, 
relocating parts of the network. Other operating income consists of e.g. communication income, rental income, 
income from reconnection of customers and reminder fees. 
The information below provides an overview of the selected financial information for Ellevio of the audited 
financial accounts for each 12-month period ending 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. All figures have 
been rounded and consequently the sum of individual figures may deviate from the sum presented. The figures 
have been calculated using exact figures. 
Volumes (TWh) 
Item 
2022 
2021 
Distribution Volumes 
25.0 
27.5 
Revenue (SEK, millions) 
Item 
2022 
2021 
Distribution Income24 
7,267 
6,916 
Other Net Sales25  
268 
237 
Net Sales 
7,535 
7,153 
Other Operating Income 
121 
87 
Total Revenue26 
7,656 
7,241 
 
24 Distribution Income is an alternative performance measure. It is defined as revenue from electricity distribution to customers. The figure is 
determined by Ellevio in accordance with its accounting system. The line item in Ellevio’s statutory annual report which it can be most directly 
reconciled to is “Net Sales” which is a composite of Distribution Income. Distribution Income is included in this Prospectus to allow potential 
Bondholders to better assess Ellevio’s performance and business.  
25 Other Net Sales is an alternative performance measure. It is defined as other revenue from new customer connections and relocation of 
networks. The figure is determined by Ellevio in accordance with its accounting system. The line item in Ellevio’s statutory annual report 
which it can be most directly reconciled to is “Net Sales” which is a composite of Other Net Sales. Other Net Sales is included in this Prospectus 
to allow potential Bondholders to better assess Ellevio’s performance and business.  
26 Total revenue is an alternative performance measure. It is calculated from Ellevio’s statutory annual report by adding the line item “Other 
Operating Income” to the line item “Net Sales”. It has been included in this Prospectus to allow potential Bondholders to better assess Ellevio’s 
performance and business.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Operating costs (SEK, millions) 
Item 
2022 
2021 
Transmission Charges27 
1,332 
1,367 
Network Losses28 
555 
438 
Costs for purchase and transit of power 
(pass-through) 
1,887 
1,805 
Employee Benefits Expense  
625 
571 
Other External Expenses 
1,349 
1,268 
Total Operating Expenses29 
1,974 
1,840 
Total Operating Costs30 
3,861 
3,645 
Capital expenditure (SEK, millions) 
Item 
2022 
2021 
Customer Driven Investments31 
1,490 
1,849 
Basic Network Investments32 
1,297 
1,188 
Other Investments33 
558 
537 
Asset acquisition34 
- 
16 
Capital Expenditure35 
3,345 
3,590 
 
 
27 Transmission Charges is an alternative performance measure. It is defined as the costs of transmission of power, including payment of 
compensation to power producers. It has been determined in accordance with Ellevio’s accounting system and has been included in this 
Prospectus to present potential Bondholders with a more detailed understanding of Ellevio’s operating costs.   
28 Network Losses is an alternative performance measure. It is defined as the cost of purchasing electricity to cover network losses. It has been 
determined in accordance with Ellevio’s accounting system and has been included in this Prospectus to present potential Bondholders with a 
more detailed understanding of Ellevio’s operating costs.   
29 Total Operating Expenses is an alternative performance measure. It is the sum of the line items “Employee Benefits Expense” and “Other 
External Expenses” from the statutory annual report of Ellevio. It has been included in this Prospectus to present potential Bondholders with 
a more detailed understanding of Ellevio’s operating expenses. 
30 Total Operating Costs is an alternative performance measure. It is the sum of the line items “Costs for purchase and transit of power”; 
“Employee Benefits Expense” and “Other External Expenses” from the statutory annual report of Ellevio. It has been included in this 
Prospectus to present potential Bondholders with a more detailed understanding of Ellevio’s operating costs.  
31 “Customer Driven Investments” includes  network projects ordered by customers or other external counterparties (such as, for example, new 
customer connections, connecting wind power to the grid, connecting new areas of the city plan and the relocation of existing network assets). 
Source: Ellevio. 
32 “Basic Network Investments” includes reinvestments and investments in increased capacity in the existing network. Source: Ellevio. 
33 “Other Investments” includes mainly electricity meters and investments in IT infrastructure. Source: Ellevio. 
34 “Asset Acquisitions” includes direct acquisition of network assets from Svk (the Swedish national grid). Source: Ellevio. 
35 Capital Expenditure is an alternative performance measure. It is calculated from Ellevio’s statutory annual report by summarizing tangible 
fixed asset “Cost incurred during the year” SEK 3,118 million with intangible assets “Cost incurred during the year” SEK 227 million, totalling 
SEK 3,345 million. It has been included in this Prospectus to allow potential Bondholders to better assess Ellevio’s performance and business.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
CHAPTER 9 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms or 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, shall be applicable to the Bonds in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Bond(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or (ii) 
these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Bonds or on the Certificates 
relating to such Registered Bonds. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. Those 
definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Bonds or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the 
Conditions to “Bonds” are, as the context requires, references to the Bonds of one Sub-Class only, not to all 
Bonds that may be issued under the Bond Programme. 
Ellevio A.B. (publ) (the “Issuer”) has established a bond programme (the “Bond Programme”) for the issuance 
of up to EUR 10,000,000,000 bonds (the “Bonds”). Bonds issued under the Bond Programme on a particular 
Issue Date comprise a Series (a “Series”), and each Series comprises one or more Classes of Bonds (each a 
“Class”). Each Class may comprise one or more Sub-Classes (each a “Sub-Class”) and each Sub-Class 
comprising one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”). 
Bonds issued by the Issuer will be designated as “Class A Bonds” or “Class B Bonds” and will represent either 
“Class A Debt” or “Class B Debt”. Each Sub-Class will be denominated in different currencies or will have 
different interest rates, maturity dates or other terms. Bonds of any Class may be fixed rate bonds (“Fixed Rate 
Bonds”), floating rate bonds (“Floating Rate Bonds”) or index-linked bonds (“Index-Linked Bonds”) 
depending on the method of calculating interest payable in respect of such Bonds and may be denominated in 
Swedish Krona, sterling, euro, U.S. dollars, Norwegian kroner or in other currencies subject to compliance with 
applicable law. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Bonds are these terms and conditions 
(“Conditions”) completed by a set of final terms in relation to such Sub-Class (a “Final Terms”) or a drawdown 
prospectus (a “Drawdown Prospectus”). In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) 
shall prevail. 
Reference to “Final Terms” or “Drawdown Prospectus” is to the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Drawdown 
Prospectus (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to the Bonds. 
The Bonds are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Bonds 
(the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated the Bond Programme Signing Date between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Bond Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Bondholders (as defined below). 
These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated the Bond Programme Signing Date has been entered into in relation to the Bonds between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent 
and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing 
and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the 
“Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual 
business hours at the principal office of the Bond Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents. 
The Bondholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Bonds in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Bonds, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) 
relating to Bonds in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have 
notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Bonds which are identical in all respects. Any further terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions have the meaning given to them in the master definitions agreement entered 
into by, among others, the Obligors and the Secured Creditors (as defined therein) dated 19 August 2016 (“the 
Master Definitions Agreement”).  
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
The Bonds are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Bonds”) or in registered form (“Registered 
Bonds”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. References in these 
Conditions to “Bonds” include Bearer Bonds and Registered Bonds and all Sub-Classes, Classes, 
Tranches and Series. 
This Bond is a Fixed Rate Bond, a Floating Rate Bond or an Index-Linked Bond, depending upon the 
Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Bonds are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) and 
(if applicable) Receipts attached. 
Registered Bonds are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(d) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Bonds), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Bonds by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Bonds and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Bonds shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any 
Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Bondholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Bond and the Receipts relating to it 
or the person in whose name a Registered Bond is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation 
to a Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
or the person in whose name a Registered Bond is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is 
not applicable to the Bonds. 
(b) 
Fungible Issues of Bonds comprising a Sub-Class: A Sub-Class of Bonds may comprise a 
number of issues in addition to the initial Tranche of such Sub-Class, each of which will be issued 
on identical terms save for the first Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date and the Issue Price.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Such further issues of the same Sub-Class will be consolidated and form a Series with the prior 
issues of that Sub-Class. 
2 
No Exchange of Bonds and Transfers of Registered Bonds 
(a) 
No Exchange of Bonds from Registered Bonds to Bearer Bonds or from Bearer Bonds to 
Registered Bonds: Registered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Bonds. Bearer Bonds of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Bonds. 
(b) 
Exchange of Bearer Bonds: Interests in each Temporary Global Bond are exchangeable on and 
after the date which is 40 days after the Issue Date, upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership by the relevant Bondholder, for interests (recorded in the records of the Clearing 
Systems) in a permanent global Bond (each a “Permanent Global Bond”) representing the same 
Tranche of Bonds (the expressions Global Bonds and Global Bond including respectively: (i) all 
of the Temporary Global Bonds and the Permanent Global Bonds or the Temporary Global Bond 
and the Permanent Global Bond of a particular Tranche; or (ii) Permanent Global Bonds, as the 
context may require). The Permanent Global Bonds have also been deposited with the Common 
Depositary and/or the Common Safekeeper for the Clearing Systems. 
(c) 
Transfer of Registered Bonds: One or more Registered Bonds may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Bonds to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the 
same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly 
completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Bonds 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the 
part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not 
transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Bonds and entries on the Register will 
be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Bonds scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar and the Bond Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available 
by the Registrar to any Bondholder upon request. 
(d) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Bonds: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer’s or Bondholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Bonds represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Bonds of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Bonds of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of 
the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Bonds to a person who is already a holder of Registered Bonds, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2 (c) or 
(d) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
exercise notice and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) 
to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer 
Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this 
Condition 2(e), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be). 
(f) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Bonds and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise 
of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity and/or security and/or 
prefunding as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(g) 
Closed Periods: No Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Bond to be registered 
(i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any 
Instalment Amount in respect of, that Bond, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on 
which Bonds may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8(e), 
(iii) after any such Bond has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Status of Class A Bonds: This Condition 3(a) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are 
specified as being a Sub-Class of Class A Bonds. 
The Class A Bonds, Class A Coupons, Class A Talons and Class A Receipts (if any) are direct and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer, are secured in the manner descried in Condition 4 (Security) and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
(b) 
Status of Class B Bonds: This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Bonds issued by 
the Issuer which are specified as being a Sub-Class of Class B Bonds. 
The Class B Bonds, Class B Coupons, Class B Talons and Class B Receipts (if any) are direct and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer, are secured in the manner described in Condition 4 (Security), 
are subordinated to the Class A Bonds, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons (if any) 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(c) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of 
all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, each Class of Bonds, the 
Receipts and the Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the 
STID.  
4 
Security 
(a) 
Security: As continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Secured Liabilities 
(including all moneys payable in respect of the Bonds, Coupons and Receipts and otherwise under 
the Trust Deed, the STID, the Security Documents, the Bond Programme Documents and any 
deed or other document executed in accordance with the Trust Deed, the STID or the Security

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Documents and expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Deed, the STID or the Security 
Documents (as applicable) (the “Trust Documents”) (including the remuneration, expenses and 
other claims of the Security Trustee and any Receiver appointed under the STID or the Security 
Documents)), the Issuer has entered into the Security Documents to create as far as permitted by 
and subject to compliance with any applicable law, the following security (the “Security”) in 
favour of the Security Trustee for itself and on trust for the other Secured Creditors, including, 
but not limited to, the Bondholders: 
(i) 
English law assignment of its rights and receivables under the Common Terms Agreement, 
each Liquidity Facility Agreement, the STID, the Account Bank Agreement and the 
Agency Agreement;  
(ii) 
a Swedish law pledge agreement relating to mortgage certificates issued in certain real 
properties owned by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
a Swedish law pledge agreement relating to business mortgage certificates issued by the 
Issuer; 
(iv) 
a Swedish law pledge agreement relating to the shares in the Issuer; and 
(v) 
a Swedish law pledge agreement relating to certain intragroup loans granted by the Parent 
to the Issuer, 
Further, the Parent will grant a share pledge agreement relating to the shares in the Issuer. This Security 
is more particularly set out in the Security Documents. 
All Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Bond Programme will share in the Security constituted by the 
Issuer in the Security Documents, upon and subject to the terms thereof. 
(b) 
Relationship among Bondholders and with other Secured Creditors: The Bondholders are 
Secured Creditors. The Bond Trustee is a Secured Creditor on its own behalf and on behalf of the 
Bondholders. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Bond Trustee’s duties to consider the interests of 
Bondholders as regards all discretions of the Bond Trustee (except where expressly provided or 
otherwise referred to in the Trust Deed). In addition, the STID contains provisions detailing the Security 
Trustee’s duties to consider the interests of the Secured Creditors (including the Bond Trustee on behalf 
of the holders of each Sub-Class of Bonds) in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the STID. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security: The Security shall become enforceable upon the commencement of 
and at any time during an Enforcement Period, in accordance with the terms of the STID (with 
the exception of a Permitted Share Pledge Enforcement, which can occur during a Standstill). An 
Enforcement Period begins upon the termination of a Standstill (other than where the underlying 
default is waived in accordance with the STID). It continues until the earlier of the date on which 
all Secured Liabilities are discharged or the date on which the Security Trustee (acting according 
to the instructions of the Qualifying Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID) notifies the Issuer 
that the Enforcement Period has ended. Where such Security becomes enforceable, the Security 
Trustee shall enforce its rights with respect to the Security in accordance with the STID, but 
without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect 
thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any particular Bondholder or other 
Secured Creditor, provided that the Security Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action unless 
it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Bondholders acknowledge and agree that only the Security Trustee is entitled to: (i) deliver an 
Acceleration Notice in accordance with the STID; (ii) take Enforcement Action against the Issuer save 
as permitted under the STID; or (iii) take proceedings or to exercise any rights, discretions or powers, 
or to grant any consents or releases, in respect of the security given under or pursuant to the Security 
Documents or otherwise have direct recourse to the Security. 
In the event of the Security becoming enforceable as provided in the Security Documents, the Security 
Trustee shall, if directed by any of the Qualifying Secured Creditors, deliver an Acceleration Notice and 
exercise all rights which may be available to it under any Common Document or Bond Programme 
Document, and enforce any Security Document in accordance with the STID. 
(d) 
Application before Enforcement: Before enforcement of the Security, the Issuer shall (to the 
extent such funds are available) use funds standing to the credit of the account of the Issuer to 
make payments in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (as set out in the 
STID). 
(e) 
Application after Enforcement: After enforcement of the Security, the Security Trustee shall (to 
the extent that such funds are available) use all Available Enforcement Proceeds to make 
payments in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments as set out in the STID. 
(f) 
Security Trustee and Bond Trustee not Liable for Security: Neither the Bond Trustee nor the 
Security Trustee will make, or be liable for any failure to make, any investigations in relation to 
the property which is the subject of the Security, and shall not be bound to enquire into or be 
liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Security, whether such defect 
or failure was known to the Security Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry or whether capable of remedy or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability 
of the Security created under the Security Documents whether as a result of any failure, omission 
or defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such Security or otherwise. 
The Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee shall have no responsibility for the value of any such 
Security. 
The Bond Trustee is authorised by the Bondholders to execute the STID (and the Bondholders are 
deemed, by acquiring an interest in the Bonds, to consent to such authorisation). 
The Security Trustee is authorised by the Bondholders to execute the Security Documents as Security Trustee 
for, among others, the Bondholders (and the Bondholders are deemed, by acquiring any interest in the Bonds, 
to consent to such authorisation). 
5 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with the covenants as set out 
in the CTA. 
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in relation to 
any matter relating to such covenants and to accept without liability any such certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the relevant fact or matter stated in such certificate. 
6 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Bonds: Each Fixed Rate Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Calculations). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Bonds and Index-Linked Bonds: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Bond and Index-Linked Bond bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount and if it is an Index-Linked Bond, adjusted for 
indexation in accordance with Condition 7 (Indexation) from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Bonds 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR,  Stockholm time in the case of STIBOR 
or Oslo time in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Bonds is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Bonds will be determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks 
or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of each of the 
Reference Banks, or if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), or 
if the Reference rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), or if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Swedish inter-
bank market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Norwegian inter-bank market,  
as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), or if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Swedish inter-bank market, or, if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, the Norwegian inter-bank market as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Index-Linked Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Index-Linked 
Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon 
and interest will accrue by reference to an Index or Formula as specified hereon. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Bond on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 6 (Interest and Other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)). 
(d) 
Deferral of interest on Class B Bonds: This Condition 6(d) is applicable only in relation to 
Bonds issued by the Issuer which are specified as being Class B Bonds. 
In the case of interest on Class B Bonds only, if, on any Interest Payment Date prior to the taking of 
Enforcement Action, there are insufficient funds available to the Issuer (after taking into account any 
amounts available to be drawn under the Class B Liquidity Facility or from any Class B Debt Service 
Reserve Account) to pay such accrued interest, the Issuer’s liability to pay such accrued interest will be 
treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred until the earliest of: (i) the next following Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer has, in accordance with the cash management provisions of Schedule 
8 (Cash Management) of the CTA, sufficient funds available to pay such deferred amounts (including 
any interest accrued thereon); (ii) the date on which the Class A Debt has been paid in full; and (iii) an 
acceleration of and enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors (other than a Permitted Hedge 
Termination). Interest will accrue on such deferred interest at the rate otherwise payable on unpaid 
principal of such Class B Bonds. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Bond for 
any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Bond for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination 
Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be 
notified to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Bondholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Bonds that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Bonds are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with 
the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Bonds become due and payable under 
Condition 12, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Bonds shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Bond Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres. 
“Business Centres” mean those places of business specified in the Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Bond for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Bonds, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Bond and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of 
four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and in the case of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Bonds are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Bond is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Bonds, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall (with the prior approval of the Bond Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(b), if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(j((iv)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j) shall act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad 
faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Bond 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bondholders or the for any determination made 
by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate 
of Interest / determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant 
Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)); 
or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Bond Trust Deedare 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(j)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Bondholders, vary these Conditions and/or 
the Bond Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(j)(v), the Bond 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Bond Trust Deed), provided that the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged 
so to concur if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Bond Trustee in these 
Conditions or the Bond Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(j), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect 
of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 6(j) to which, in the 
sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Bonds are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Bond 
Trustee/the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Bondholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(j); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Bond Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Bond Trustee or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Bondholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(j), if following the determination 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 6(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6(b)(B) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 6(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied) 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) is customarily applied in debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Bonds. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market; or   
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Bondholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Bond Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Bond Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 6(j)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7 
Indexation 
This Condition 7 is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the Bonds as 
Index-Linked Bonds. 
(a) 
Definitions: 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base)) the base index figure as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base), the 
Swedish Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) (for all items) which is sponsored by Statistics Sweden and 
available to view at Bloomberg page SWCPI (or any replacement page thereto) or any other index 
(including any comparable index which may replace any of the foregoing), for the purpose of calculating 
the amount payable on repayment of any Swedish Government Index-Linked Bond instrument. Any 
reference to the Index Figure: 
(i) 
applicable to a particular month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the 
Index), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure published in the third month prior 
to that particular month and relating to the month before that of publication;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(ii) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
7(c) (Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the second month prior to that particular month and relating to the month 
before that of publication; or 
(iii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) 
(Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental 
Changes to the Index), be calculated by linear interpolation between: (A) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as 
specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above; and (B) the Index Figure applicable to the first 
calendar day of the following month, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
and rounded in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of CPI can be found free of charge at 
the following website: https://www.scb.se/en/finding-statistics/statistics-by-subject-area/prices-and-
consumption/consumer-price-index/consumer-price-index-cpi/. 
If the Index is replaced, the Issuer will describe the replacement Index in a supplementary prospectus. 
“Index Ratio” applicable to any month means the Index Figure applicable to such month divided by the 
Base Index Figure. 
“Limited Index Ratio” means: (a) in respect of any month prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Index 
Ratio for that month; (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month after the relevant Issue Date, the 
product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month and the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the month 12 months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month, the 
Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month. 
“Indexation Adviser” means an internationally recognised investment bank or financial adviser 
recognised as having expertise in indexation matters appointed by the Issuer in such capacity to perform 
certain functions in respect of Index-Linked Bonds as set out in these Conditions. 
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month, the ratio of the Index 
Figure applicable to that month divided by the Index Figure applicable to the month 12 months prior 
thereto, provided that: (i) if such ratio is greater than the maximum indexation factor in relation to the 
Index Ratio specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Maximum Indexation 
Factor”), it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor; and (ii) if such ratio is 
less than the minimum indexation factor in relation to the Index Ratio specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Minimum Indexation Factor”), it shall be deemed to be equal to 
such Minimum Indexation Factor. 
“Limited Indexation Month” means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated. 
“Limited Index-Linked Bonds” means Index-Linked Bonds to which a Maximum Indexation Factor 
and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) 
applies.  
(b) 
Application of the Index Ratio: Each payment of interest and principal in respect of the Bonds 
shall be the amount provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, multiplied 
by the Index Ratio or Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited Index-Linked Bonds applicable

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
to the month in which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with Condition 
7(d) (Application of Changes). 
(c) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index: 
(i) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the 
substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the calendar month from and 
including that in which such substitution takes effect: (A) the definition of “Index” and 
“Index Figure” in Condition 7(a) (Definitions) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or 
month; and (B) the new Base Index Figure shall be the product of the existing Base Index 
Figure and the Index Figure immediately following such substitution, divided by the Index 
Figure immediately prior to such substitution. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of Index: If the Index Figure relating to any month (the “Relevant 
Month”) which is required to be taken account for the purposes of the determination of 
the Index Figure applicable for any date is not published on or before the 14th business 
day before the date on which any payment of interest or principal on the Bonds is due (the 
“date for payment”), the Index Figure relating to the Relevant Month shall be: (A) such 
substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Adviser considers to have been published 
by Statistics Sweden or the Government of Sweden (or such other body designated by the 
Swedish Government for such purpose) for the purposes of indexation of payments by 
reference to CPI or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of index-linked 
treasury stock selected by an Indexation Adviser (and approved by the Bond Trustee); or 
(B) if no such determination is made by such Indexation Adviser within seven days, the 
Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined pursuant 
to Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base)) before the date for payment. 
(d) 
Application of Changes: Where the provisions of Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in publication of 
Index) apply, the determination of the Indexation Adviser as to the Index Figure applicable to the 
month in which the date for payment falls shall be conclusive and binding. If, an Index Figure 
having been applied pursuant to Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) (Delay in publication of Index), the Index 
Figure relating to the Relevant Month is subsequently published while a Bond is still outstanding, 
then: 
(i) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Bond other than upon 
final redemption of such Bond, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable 
after the date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced by an amount 
equal to (respectively) the shortfall or excess of the amount of the relevant payment made 
on the basis of the Index Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) (Delay in 
publication of Index), below or above the amount of the relevant payment that would have 
been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had been published on or before the 
14th Business Day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(e) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index: 
(i) 
If: (A) the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index has 
ceased to be published; or (B) any change is made to the coverage or the basic calculation 
of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change which would, in the opinion of the 
Bond Trustee acting solely on the advice of an Indexation Adviser, be materially

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders, the Bond Trustee will give written notice 
of such occurrence to the Issuer, and the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on the advice 
of the Indexation Adviser) together shall seek to agree for the purpose of the Bonds one 
or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with 
the intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the Bondholders in no better and 
no worse position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published or 
the relevant fundamental change not been made. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer and the Bond Trustee fail to reach agreement as mentioned above within 20 
Business Days following the giving of notice as mentioned in Condition 7(e)(i) above, a 
bank or other person in London shall be appointed by the Issuer (and approved by the 
Bond Trustee) or, failing agreement on and the making of such appointment within 20 
Business Days following the expiry of the day period referred to above, by the Indexation 
Adviser (in each case, such bank or other person so appointed being referred to as the 
“Expert”), to determine for the purpose of the Bonds one or more adjustments to the Index 
or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the same should 
leave the Issuer and the Bondholders in no better and no worse position than they would 
have been had the Index not ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change 
not been made. Any Expert so appointed shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and 
all fees, costs and expenses of the Expert and of any Indexation Adviser and of any of the 
Issuer and the Bond Trustee in connection with such appointment shall be borne by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
If any payment in respect of the Bonds is due to be made after the cessation or changes 
referred to in Condition 7(e)(i) above but before any such adjustment to, or replacement 
of, the Index takes effect, the Issuer shall (if the Index Figure applicable (or deemed 
applicable) to the Relevant Month is not available in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base) above) make a provisional payment on the basis that 
the Index Figure applicable to the month in which such payment is due to be made is the 
Index Figure last published. In that event, or in the event of any payment (also referred to 
below as a provisional payment) on the Bonds having been made on the basis of an Index 
applicable under Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in publication of Index) and the Issuer (acting 
solely on the advice of an Indexation Adviser) subsequently determining that the relevant 
circumstances fall within this Condition 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to 
the Index), then: 
(a) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Bonds other than upon 
final redemption of such Bond, if the sum which would have been payable if such 
adjustment of substitute index had been in effect on the due date for such payment is 
greater or less than the amount of such provisional payment, the Interest Amount payable 
on the Bonds on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date on which such 
adjustment or substitute index becomes effective shall be increased or reduced to reflect 
the amount by which such provisional payment fell short of, or (as the case may be) 
exceeded, the sum which would have been paid on the Bonds if such adjustment or 
substituted index had been in effect on that date; or 
(b) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(iv) 
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as agreed by the Issuer and 
the Bond Trustee (acting on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) or as determined by the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Expert pursuant to the foregoing paragraphs, as the case may be, and references in these 
Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall be deemed amended in such manner 
as the Bond Trustee (acting on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) and the Issuer agree 
are appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such amendments shall 
be effective from the date of such notification and binding upon the Issuer, the other 
Secured Creditors, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, and the Issuer shall give notice 
to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of such amendments as 
promptly as practicable following such notification. 
8 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 8, 
each Bond that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Bond shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the 
nominal amount of such Bond, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the 
related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Bond shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Bond 
falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(iii) 
In the case of principal on Class B Bonds only, if on any date, prior to the taking of 
Enforcement Action, on which such Bond is to be redeemed (in whole or in part) there are 
insufficient funds available to the Issuer to pay such principal, the Issuer’s liability to pay 
such principal will be treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred until the earliest 
of (i) the next following Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer has, in accordance 
with the cash management provisions of Schedule 8 (Cash Management) of the CTA, 
sufficient funds to pay such deferred amounts (including any interest accrued thereon); (ii) 
the date on which all Class A Debt has been paid in full and (iii) an acceleration of and 
enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors (other than a Permitted Hedge Termination) 
and in the case of a Permitted Share Pledge Acceleration only to the extent that there would 
be sufficient funds available in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments to pay such deferred principal (including any accrued interest thereon). Interest 
will accrue on such deferred principal at the rate otherwise payable on unpaid principal of 
such Class B Bonds. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Bond, upon redemption of such Bond pursuant 
to Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 12 (Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise 
specified hereon. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Bond, upon redemption of 
such Bond pursuant to Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) shall be the Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(c) 
Redemption for Index Events: Upon the occurrence of any Index Event (as defined below), the 
Issuer may, upon giving not more than 15 nor less than five Business Days’ written notice to the 
Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the other Secured Creditors and the holders of the Index-
Linked Bonds in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Index-Linked Bonds of all Sub-Classes on any Interest Payment Date at the Principal Amount 
Outstanding (adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index Ratio)) plus 
accrued but unpaid interest. No single Sub-Class of Index-Linked Bonds may be redeemed in 
these circumstances unless all the other Classes and Sub-Classes of Index-Linked Bonds linked 
to the same underlying Index are also redeemed at the same time. Before giving any such notice, 
the Issuer shall provide to the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee and the other Secured Creditors 
a certificate signed by an Authorised Signatory: (i) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (ii) confirming that the Issuer will have 
sufficient funds on such Interest Payment Date to effect such redemption including all amounts 
payable in priority thereto in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
“Index Event” means: (i) if the Index Figure for three consecutive months falls to be determined on the 
basis of an Index Figure previously published as provided in Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in publication of 
Index) and the Bond Trustee and the Issuer have been notified by the relevant Calculation Agent (to be 
appointed at the time of issuance by the Issuer of an Index-Linked Bond) that publication of the Index 
has ceased; or (ii) notice is published by Statistics Sweden, or on its behalf, following a change in relation 
to the Index, and no amendment or substitution of the Index has been advised by the Indexation Adviser 
to the Issuer and such circumstances are continuing. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Bond is either a Floating Rate Bond 
or an Index-Linked Bond) or at any time (if this Bond is neither a Floating Rate Bond nor an 
Index-Linked Bond), on giving not less than five Business Days’ nor more than 15 Business Days’ 
notice to the Bondholders, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 8(b) (Early 
Redemption) above), if: (i) (a) the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Bond Trustee shall rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) immediately before the giving 
of such notice that: (A) it has or will become obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment of 
interest or principal in respect of the Bonds as described under Condition 10 (Taxation); or (B) it 
or a Hedge Counterparty has or will become obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment in 
respect of Hedging Agreement, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Sweden or any political subdivision or, in each case, any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Bonds; and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due. Prior 
to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8(d) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) , the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem 
has occurred (together with evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that such conditions have 
been satisfied, including such opinions as the Bond Trustee may require) and the Bond Trustee

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition 
precedent set out in (ii) above, in which event, it shall be conclusive and binding on Bondholders 
and Couponholders. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer:  
(i) 
Optional Redemption of Floating Rate Bonds: If Issuer Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more than 
60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the “Optional Floating Rate Bond Redemption Date”) and the 
applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of any Sub-Class of Floating Rate Bonds 
then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to 
and including the relevant Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus any accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
the Floating Rate Bonds, the Floating Rate Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed 
Floating Rate Bonds”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Floating Rate Bonds represented in definitive form, and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Floating Rate Bonds 
represented in global form, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
Fixed Rate Bonds - Optional Euro Bond Redemption: If Issuer Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more than 
60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the “Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date”) and the applicable 
Record Date), redeem all or only some of any Sub-Class of Euro Bonds then outstanding 
on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the 
relevant Euro Bond Maturity Date at the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro 
Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date in respect of 
such Euro Bonds. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
€5,000,000 and not more than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro 
Bonds on such Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date. In the case of a partial redemption 
of the Euro Bonds, the Euro Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Euro Bonds”) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Euro Bonds represented in 
definitive form, and in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), 
in the case of Redeemed Euro Bonds represented in global form, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(iii) 
Fixed Rate Bonds – Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption: If Issuer Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ 
nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption 
Date”) and the applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of any Sub-Class of 
Swedish Krona Bonds then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding 
the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Swedish Krona Bonds Maturity Date at the 
Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Swedish Krona Bonds to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Date in respect of such Swedish 
Krona Bonds. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
SEK500,000,000 and not more than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant 
Swedish Krona Bonds on such Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Date. In the 
case of a partial redemption of the Swedish Krona Bonds, the Swedish Krona Bonds to be 
redeemed (the “Redeemed Swedish Krona Bonds”) will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Swedish Krona Bonds represented in definitive form, and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed 
Swedish Krona Bonds represented in global form, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Bonds - Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption: If Issuer Call is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more 
than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption 
Date”) and the applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of any Sub-Class of U.S. 
Dollar Bonds then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue 
Date up to and including the U.S. Dollar Bond Maturity Date at the Optional U.S. Dollar 
Bond Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date in respect of such U.S. Dollar Bonds. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than U.S.$5,000,000 and not more than 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds on such Optional U.S. 
Dollar Bond Redemption Date. In the case of a partial redemption of the U.S. Dollar Bonds, 
the U.S. Dollar Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed U.S. Dollar Bonds”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed U.S. Dollar Bonds represented in 
definitive form, and in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), 
in the case of Redeemed U.S. Dollar Bonds represented in global form, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(v) 
Fixed Rate Bonds - Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond Redemption: If Issuer Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ 
nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond 
Redemption Date”) and the applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of any 
Sub-Class of Norwegian Kroner Bonds then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the Norwegian Kroner Bond 
Maturity Date at the Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Norwegian Kroner 
Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond Redemption Date 
in respect of such Norwegian Kroner Bonds. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than NOK 50,000,000 and not more than the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Norwegian Kroner Bonds on such Optional Norwegian Kroner 
Bond Redemption Date. In the case of a partial redemption of the Norwegian Kroner 
Bonds, the Norwegian Kroner Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Norwegian 
Kroner Bonds”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Norwegian 
Kroner Bonds represented in definitive form, and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Norwegian Kroner Bonds 
represented in global form, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(vi) 
Optional Redemption of Index-Linked Bonds: If Issuer Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more than 
60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the “Optional Index-Linked Bond Redemption Date”) and the 
applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of any Sub-Class of Index-Linked 
Bonds then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date 
up to and including the relevant Index-Linked Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus any accrued but unpaid interest up to and including the date of 
redemption (in each case, as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of 
the Index Ratio). References in this Condition 8(e) to Principal Amount Outstanding of 
any Index-Linked Bonds shall be to the Principal Amount Outstanding as adjusted in 
accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index Ratio). Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of the Index-Linked Bonds, the 
Index-Linked Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Index-Linked Bonds”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Floating Rate Bonds represented in 
definitive form, and in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), 
in the case of Redeemed Index-Linked Bonds represented in global form, not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(vii) 
Optional Redemption Residual Call: If Residual Call is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding  aggregate nominal amount 
of the Bonds is 20 per cent. or less of the  aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ written notice 
to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(the “Residual Call Redemption Date”) and the applicable Record Date), redeem the 
Bonds in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Floating Rate Bond Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable) or on any Interest Payment

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Date (if the Floating Rate Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms), at 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
 
In this Condition 8(e): 
“Bund Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the equivalent 
yield to maturity as at such date of the Comparable German Bund Issue, assuming a price for the 
Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Comparable German Bund Price on such date of determination or, if such rate is negative then the Bund 
Rate shall be zero. 
“Comparable German Bund Issue” means the German Bundesanleihe security selected by any 
Reference German Bund Dealer as having a fixed maturity most nearly equal to the Remaining Life to 
Maturity and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities in a principal amount 
approximately equal to the then Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Bonds and of a maturity 
most nearly equal to the Remaining Life to Maturity provided, however, that if the Remaining Life to 
Maturity is less than one year, a fixed maturity of one year shall be used. 
“Comparable German Bund Price” means, with respect to any relevant date, the average of all 
Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations for such date (which, in any event, must include at least two 
such quotations), after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations 
or, if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations, the 
average of all such quotations. 
“Financial Adviser” means an internationally recognised investment bank in Frankfurt am Main acting 
as a financial adviser (selected by the Issuer and notified in writing to the Bondholders, provided that 
such adviser cannot be any Borrower Obligor). 
“Norwegian Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
equivalent yield to maturity as at such date of the direct obligations of Norway with a fixed maturity 
most nearly equal to the Remaining Life to Maturity, provided that: 
(a) 
if the Remaining Life to Maturity is not equal to the fixed maturity of a direct obligation of 
Norway for which a weekly average yield is given, the Norwegian Bond Rate shall be obtained 
by linear interpolation from the weekly average of direct obligations of Norway for which such 
yields are given; and 
(b) 
if the Remaining Life to Maturity is less than one (1) year, the weekly average yield on the 
actually traded direct obligations of Norway adjusted to a fixed maturity of one year shall be used. 
“Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant Euro Bonds, an amount 
equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro Bonds; and 
(b) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the present value of the Principal Amount Outstanding for the relevant Euro Bonds at the 
Reference Date; and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(ii) 
all required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on the relevant Euro 
Bonds during the period between that Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date and the 
relevant Euro Bonds Maturity Date (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the Optional 
Euro Bond Redemption Date), 
discounted at a rate equal to the Bund Rate plus 50 basis points as at the Reference Date. 
“Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant Swedish 
Krona Bonds, an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Swedish Krona Bonds; and 
(b) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the present value of the Principal Amount Outstanding for the relevant Swedish Krona 
Bonds at the Reference Date; and 
(ii) 
all required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on the relevant 
Swedish Krona Bonds during the period between that Optional Swedish Krona Bond 
Redemption Date and the relevant Swedish Krona Bonds Maturity Date (excluding 
accrued but unpaid interest to the Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Date), 
discounted at a rate equal to the Swedish Bond Rate plus 50 basis points as at the Reference Date. 
“Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds, 
an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds; and 
(b) 
the sum of the present values, calculated on the relevant Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption 
Date of all of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of and interest on the U.S. Dollar 
Bonds to be redeemed on such Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date (not including any 
portion of such payments of interest accrued to the relevant Optional U.S. Dollar Bond 
Redemption Date), in each case, from but excluding the applicable Optional U.S. Dollar Bond 
Redemption Date to and including the U.S. Dollar Bond Maturity Date, computed on a semi-
annual basis by discounting such payments, assuming a 360-day year consisting of 12 30-day 
months and using a semi-annual yield to maturity equivalent to the then current treasury bond 
yield corresponding closest to the Remaining Life to Maturity on the U.S. Dollar Bonds 
calculated at the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date, plus 50 basis points. 
“Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant 
Norwegian Kroner Bonds, an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Norwegian Kroner Bonds; and 
(b) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the present value of the Principal Amount Outstanding for the relevant Norwegian Kroner 
at the Reference Date; and 
(ii) 
all required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on the relevant 
Norwegian Kroner Bonds during the period between that Norwegian Kroner Optional 
Bond Redemption Date and the relevant Norwegian Kroner Bond Maturity Date 
(excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond 
Redemption Date),

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
discounted at a rate equal to the Norwegian Bond Rate plus 50 basis points as at the Reference 
Date. 
“Reference Date” means the date which is three Business Days prior to the dispatch of the notice of 
redemption under this Condition 8(e). 
“Reference German Bund Dealer” means any dealer of German Bundesanleihe securities appointed 
by the Financial Adviser. 
“Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference German Bund 
Dealer and any relevant date, the average as determined by the Financial Adviser of the bid and offered 
prices for the Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed, in each case, as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference German Bund Dealer at or about 
3.30 p.m. (Frankfurt am Main, Germany time) on the Reference Date. 
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means any primary U.S. government securities dealer appointed by the 
Issuer. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of monies payable has not been received by the Bond Trustee on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which the full amount of monies having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
“Remaining Life to Maturity” means, in respect of the relevant Bonds, the period from the relevant 
Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Optional Euro Bond Redemption 
Date, the Optional Swedish Krona Bond Redemption Date, or the Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond 
Redemption Date to the U.S. Dollar Bond Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Euro Bond 
Maturity Date, the Swedish Krona Bond Maturity Date, or the Norwegian Kroner Bond Maturity Date. 
“Swedish Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
equivalent yield to maturity as at such date of the direct obligations of Sweden (statsobligationer) with 
a fixed maturity most nearly equal to the Remaining Life to Maturity, provided that: 
(a) 
if the Remaining Life to Maturity is not equal to the fixed maturity of a direct obligation of 
Sweden for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Bond Rate shall be obtained by 
linear interpolation from the weekly average of direct obligations of Sweden for which such 
yields are given; and 
(b) 
if the Remaining Life to Maturity is less than one (1) year, the weekly average yield on the 
actually traded direct obligations of Sweden adjusted to a fixed maturity of one year shall be used. 
Purchases: Each of the Issuer, and the Guarantor may at any time purchase Bonds (provided that all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any such Bonds held by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor will be excluded from the definition of “Outstanding Principal Amount” for the purpose 
of voting under any STID Proposal. 
Cancellation: All Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be surrendered 
for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Bonds, by surrendering each such Bond together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
the case of Registered Bonds, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Bonds to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
or surrendered therewith). Any Bonds so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Bonds shall be discharged. 
9 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Bonds shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case 
of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that 
the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Bond), Bonds (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 9(f)(vi)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 9(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2.  
(b) 
Registered Bonds: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 9(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Bonds 
shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 9(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Bonds shall be paid to the person 
shown on the Register at the close of business Clearing System Business Day  immediately 
prior to the date of payment (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered 
Bond shall be made in the relevant currency upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, and shall be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
In this Condition 9(b): 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 
1 January of any year. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Bonds are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Bonds 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Bondholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Bondholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserves the right at any 
time with the approval of the Bond Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to 
Registered Bonds, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Bonds, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Bonds may be listed in each case, as approved by the Bond Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Bonds denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 
9(c) (Payments in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Bondholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Bonds which comprise Fixed Rate Bonds 
(other than Index-Linked Bonds), such Bonds should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the 
face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond comprising a Floating Rate Bond 
or Index-Linked Bond, unmatured Coupons relating to such Bond (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Bond (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond that is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Bond having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Bond that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Bonds is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Bond is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Bond is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Bond or Certificate representing it, as the 
case may be. Interest accrued on a Bond that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Bond against presentation of the relevant Bond or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business 
day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
10 Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of 
the Bonds will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the 
Bondholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable in respect of the Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to payment in respect of any Bond: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Bond by reason of such 
Bondholders having some connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of such Bond;  
(ii) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Bondholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment 
on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(iii) 
by or on behalf of, a Bondholder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; 
or 
(iv) 
any taxes which give rise to a tax credit that may be effectively used by the Bondholder.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Notwithstanding  any other provision of these terms and conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Bonds by 
or on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of the Bonds shall 
be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition or any 
undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefore. 
11 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Bonds, Receipts and Coupons 
(which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
12 Events of Default 
The Events of Default will be set out in Schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the CTA. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer will immediately notify 
the Security Trustee of that occurrence and of any steps being taken to remedy the same. 
During an Enforcement Period, the whole of the Security shall become enforceable by the Security Trustee in 
accordance with the STID. 
Upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Security Trustee in accordance with the STID, the Bond 
Trustee may at any time (in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed and the STID) and shall 
upon the Bond Trustee being so directed or requested (i) by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Bond 
Trust Deed) of holders of the relevant Sub-Classes of Class A Bonds or, if there are no Class A Bonds 
outstanding, the Class B Bonds or (ii) in writing by holders of at least one fifth in outstanding nominal amount 
of the relevant Sub-Classes of Class A Bonds, or if there are no Class A Bonds outstanding, the Class B Bonds 
and subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all 
fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or which it may 
incur by so doing, and without further notice take such proceedings or other steps as it may think fit against the 
Issuer and enforce repayment of the Bonds at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with 
interest. 
13 Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meeting and Voting of Bondholders: 
If the procedures of the relevant clearing systems through which the Bonds are cleared and/or relevant 
applicable laws and/or regulations permit the use of direct voting mechanics (as described below), no 
physical meetings will be required in respect of any Voting Matter and a Bondholder may only Vote in 
respect of any Voting Matter by means of a Block Voting Instruction. However, the Bond Trustee may, 
without the consent of the Issuer or the Bondholders, prescribe such further regulations regarding voting 
by the Bondholders in respect of all Voting Matters except STID Proposals (as defined below) as the

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion think fit, including the calling of one or more meetings of 
Bondholders in order to approve any resolution to be put to the Bondholders where the Bond Trustee, in 
its sole discretion, considers it to be appropriate to hold a meeting. 
In respect of any STID Proposal and in accordance with the Trust Deed: 
(i) 
The holders of Class A Bonds, or if there are no Class A Bonds outstanding, the holders 
of Class B Bonds (the “Qualifying Bondholders”) may only vote on such STID Proposal 
by Electronic Consent or by having its Vote included in a Block Voting Instruction and 
each Qualifying Bondholder shall have one Vote in respect of each €1 (or its equivalent 
expressed in Euro on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of Bonds held or represented by it; 
(ii) 
provided Electronic Consent is not applicable, each Qualifying Bondholder must vote on 
or prior to the time specified by the Issuing and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar and/or relevant clearing system in order to enable the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, a Paying Agent or the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction 
on the Voting Date, provided that if a Qualifying Bondholder does not vote in sufficient 
time to allow the Issuing and Paying Agent, or, as the case may be, a Paying Agent or the 
Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of its Bonds prior to the end of the 
Voting Period, the Votes of such Qualifying Bondholder may not be counted; 
(iii) 
in respect of such STID Proposal, the Bond Trustee shall vote as the Secured Creditor 
Representative of the Bondholders in respect of each Sub-Class or Class of Bonds then 
outstanding by notifying the Security Trustee and the Issuer, in accordance with the STID 
promptly following the receipt by it of such Votes (and in any case not later than the 
Business Day following receipt of each such Vote), of each Vote comprised in a Block 
Voting Instruction received by it from a Paying Agent or the Registrar on or prior to the 
Voting Date (or, if earlier the relevant Voting Closure Date); and 
(iv) 
any such STID Proposal duly approved by the Qualifying Secured Creditors in accordance 
with the STID shall be binding on all Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
(subject as provided in the STID). The Issuer shall, following receipt by the Issuer of the 
result of any vote in respect of such STID Proposal, promptly notify the Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
In respect of a STID Proposal that gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Bondholders 
are an Affected Secured Creditor (an “Entrenched Right STID Proposal”) and any Voting Matter 
which is not a STID Proposal (an “Other Voting Matter”): 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Bond Trustee may at any time, and the Bond Trustee must, subject to its 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, if (a) it receives an 
Entrenched Right STID Proposal; or (b) directed to do so by Bondholders representing 
not less than 10 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds, request that 
such Voting Matter be considered by the Bondholders. The Issuer or the Bond Trustee 
shall send a notice (a “Voting Notice”) to the Bondholders of each affected Tranche of 
Bonds, specifying the Voting Date (which shall initially be set with at least 14 clear days’ 
notice) and Voting Matter(s) including the terms of any resolution to be proposed; 
(ii) 
each Bondholder shall have one Vote in respect of each €1 (or its equivalent expressed in 
Euro on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds 
held or represented by it;

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(iii) 
each Bondholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 48 hours prior to 
the Voting Date so that his Votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which 
needs to be deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, 
the Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Security Trustee in writing of whether or 
not the holders of each affected Sub-Class or Class of Bonds then outstanding have passed 
an Extraordinary Resolution approving the relevant Entrenched Right STID Proposal. 
In order for an Extraordinary Resolution to be approved by the Bondholders (subject as provided below), 
two or more Bondholders representing 50 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Bonds for the time being outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of an Other Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote, provided that in respect of any 
Voting Matter the business of which includes any of the following matters (each of which, a “Basic 
Terms Modification” and which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Bonds, any Instalment Date or any 
date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Bonds; 
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Bonds; 
(iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Bonds or to vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Bonds; 
(iv) 
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum; 
(v) 
to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount; 
(vi) 
to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Bonds; 
(vii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Bondholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution; or  
(viii) any modification to this definition, 
two or more Bondholders representing 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Bonds for the time being outstanding, who, for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of such an Other Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote. 
The above percentage requirements of Bondholders who need to participate in a particular Other Voting 
Matter are referred to herein as the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements. 
If, on a Voting Date, the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements are not satisfied for the transaction of any 
particular business then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements are satisfied, such Voting Date shall be postponed to the 
same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) (an 
“Adjourned Voting Date”) except where an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case 
the Adjourned Voting Date shall be a day (being a business day) during the period, being not less than 
seven clear days nor more than 14 clear days, subsequent to such Voting Date, and approved by the Bond

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Trustee. On any Adjourned Voting Date, one or more Votes (whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Bonds then outstanding so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a 
quorum and shall have the power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution and to 
decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with through the original Vote had the 
requisite Extraordinary Quorum Requirements been met, provided that on any Adjourned Voting Date 
the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements for the transaction of business comprising any of the matters 
specified to be a Basic Terms Modification shall be two or more Qualifying Bondholders representing 
at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of an Other Voting Matter, need to 
participate in such Vote. 
Notice of any Adjourned Voting Date at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be voted upon shall be 
given in the same manner as a Voting Notice but as if five clear days’ notice were substituted for 14 clear 
days’ notice discussed above (in respect of an Other Voting Matter) and such notice shall state the 
relevant quorum. 
Any resolution approved by the Bondholders in accordance with the terms hereof shall be binding upon 
all the Bondholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Couponholders and each of them shall 
be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of any such resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. Notice of the result of the voting on any 
resolution duly approved by the Bondholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of, and at the 
instruction of, the Issuer within seven days of such result being known, provided that the non-publication 
of such notice shall not invalidate such result. 
If and whenever the Issuer has issued and has outstanding more than one Tranche of Bonds the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 13 shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects only one Tranche of Bonds 
shall be deemed to have been duly approved if approved through a separate Vote of the 
holders of that Tranche of Bonds; 
(ii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects holders of more than one 
Tranche of Bonds but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of 
any of the Tranches of Bonds so affected shall be deemed to have been duly approved if 
approved through a separate Vote of the holders of all the Tranches of the Bonds so 
affected; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects more than one Tranche of 
Bonds and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of one 
Tranche of Bonds so affected and the holders of another Tranche of Bonds shall be deemed 
to have been duly approved only if approved through separate Votes of the holders of each 
Tranche of Bonds; 
(iv) 
in respect of all such approvals all the preceding provisions of this Condition shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as though references therein to Bonds and Bondholders were references 
to the Tranche of Bonds in question or to the holders of such Tranche of Bonds, as the 
case may be; 
(v) 
no Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification (other than where such 
Basic Terms Modification is of the kind specified in limb (i) of the definition thereof and 
where such Basic Terms Modification is passed by the holders of all affected Tranches of

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Bonds in accordance with (vi)) that is approved by the holders of one Tranche of Bonds 
shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of 
each of the other Tranches of Bonds (to the extent that there are Bonds outstanding in each 
such other Tranche); and 
(vi) 
an Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification of the kind specified 
in limb (i) of the definition thereof may be approved by the holders of all Tranches of 
Bonds adversely affected by such Basic Terms Modification (but need not be approved by 
the holders of Tranches of Bonds which are not affected thereby). 
At any time, the Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of any Series (the “Appointing Bondholders”) 
may (provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee 
(including, without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)), by notice to 
the Bond Trustee designate a representative (a “Bondholder Representative”) to exercise all the rights 
of the Appointing Bondholders to attend and vote at any meeting of the Bondholders or to vote on any 
Voting Matter (the “Representative Rights”). Such notice (an “Appointing Notice”) must: (i) set out 
the identity and contact details of the Bondholder Representative; and (ii) be signed by the Appointing 
Bondholders and the Bondholder Representative.  Alternatively, the Final Terms in respect of the 
Bondholders of a particular Series may specify the identity and contact details of the Bondholder 
Representative in respect of the Bonds of such Series.  
The appointment of a Bondholder Representative may be terminated by notice to the Bond Trustee by 
Bondholders holding at least 25% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Bonds of the relevant Series 
(provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee (including, 
without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)).  Following such 
termination, Bondholders holding at least 75% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Bonds of the 
relevant Series may (provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the 
Bond Trustee (including, without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)) 
by notice to the Bond Trustee (such notice to contain the same information as an Appointing Notice 
mutatis mutandis) appoint a replacement Bondholder Representative in respect of such Series.  Any such 
replacement Bondholder Representative shall be entitled to exercise the Representative Rights of the 
Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of the relevant Series. 
For so long as a Bondholder Representative is appointed, the Bond Trustee shall rely on written 
instructions provided by the Bondholder Representative as to the exercise the Representative Rights of 
the Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of the relevant Series.  The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on a notice appointing a Bondholder Representative without further enquiry until it receives notice 
of the termination of the appointment of such Bondholder Representative in accordance with this 
Condition 13(a). 
(b) 
Modification, waiver and substitution: 
As set out in the Trust Deed and the STID (and subject to the conditions and qualifications therein), the 
Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders of any Sub-Class or (subject as provided 
below) any other Secured Creditor, concur with the Issuer or any other relevant parties in making (i) any 
modification to the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Finance 
Documents if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee such modification is made to correct a manifest error 
or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (ii) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic 
Terms Modification) to the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or any 
Finance Document if the Bond Trustee is of the opinion that such modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of that Sub-Class then outstanding provided that to the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
extent such modification under (ii) above relates to an Entrenched Right, each of the Affected Secured 
Creditors has given its prior written consent or where any Bondholders are Affected Secured Creditors, 
the holders of each Tranche of Bonds affected thereby have sanctioned such modification. 
The Bond Trustee is authorised to execute and deliver on behalf of the Bondholders all documentation 
required to implement such modification and such execution by the Bond Trustee shall bind each of the 
Bondholders of that Sub-Class as if such documentation had been duly executed by it. 
As more fully set out in the Trust Deed and the STID (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders (subject as provided below) or 
any other Secured Creditor and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or 
Event of Default, from time to time and at any time but only if and insofar as in its opinion the interests 
of the holders of the Bonds then outstanding will not be materially prejudiced thereby waive or authorise 
any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Conditions or any Finance Document (subject always as provided in the STID) or other document to 
which the Bond Trustee is a party or in respect of which it holds security or determine that any event 
which would otherwise constitute an Issuer Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes 
of the Trust Deed, provided that to the extent such event, matter or thing relates to an Entrenched Right, 
each of the Affected Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent and provided further that the 
Bond Trustee shall not exercise such powers in contravention of any express direction given by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or of a request in writing made by holders of not less than one-quarter in 
aggregate of the principal amount of the Class A Bonds then outstanding or, if there are no Class A Bonds 
outstanding, one-quarter in aggregate of the principal amount of the Class B Bonds then outstanding 
(but no such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation previously given or made) or 
so as to authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to any Basic Terms Modification. 
As more fully set forth in the Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications therein), the 
Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders or any other Secured Creditor, also agree 
with the Issuer to the substitution of another corporation, being a holding company of the Issuer, any 
Subsidiary of such holding company or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of the Trust Deed and the Bonds. 
14 Additional Right of Modification 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution), the Bond Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders, or, subject 
to Condition 14.5.3 below, any of the other Secured Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification (other than in respect of a Basic Terms Modification) to the Conditions or any Finance Document 
to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds security that the Issuer considers necessary: 
14.1 
for the purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in the criteria of one or 
more of the Rating Agencies which may be applicable from time to time, provided that: 
14.1.1 the Issuer certifies in writing to the Bond Trustee that such modification is necessary to comply 
with such criteria or, as the case may be, is solely to implement and reflect such criteria; and 
14.1.2 in the case of any modification to a Finance Document proposed by any of the Account Bank, the 
Cash Manager or any Liquidity Facility Provider in order: (x) to remain eligible to perform its 
role in such capacity in conformity with such criteria; and/or (y) to avoid taking action which it 
would otherwise be required to take to enable it to continue performing such role (including, 
without limitation, posting collateral or advancing funds):

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(i) 
the Account Bank, the Cash Manager or the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider, as the 
case may be, certifies in writing to the Issuer or the Bond Trustee that such modification 
is necessary for the purposes described in Condition 14.1.2 (x) and/or (y) above (and in 
the case of a certification provided to the Issuer, the Issuer shall certify to the Bond Trustee 
that it has received the same from the Account Bank, the Cash Manager or the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider, as the case may be); and 
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
the Account Bank, the Cash Manager or the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider, 
as the case may be, obtains from each of the Rating Agencies written confirmation 
(or certifies in writing to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee that it has been unable to 
obtain written confirmation, but has received oral confirmation from an 
appropriately authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that such 
modification would not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then 
current ratings assigned to any Series or Tranche of the Bonds by such Rating 
Agency and would not result in any Rating Agency placing any Bonds on rating 
watch negative (or equivalent) and, if relevant, delivers a copy of each such 
confirmation to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee; or 
(b) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Bond Trustee that the Rating Agencies have 
been informed of the proposed modification and none of the Rating Agencies has 
indicated that such modification would result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or 
suspension of the then current ratings assigned to any Series or Tranche of the 
Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating Agency placing any Bonds on 
rating watch negative (or equivalent); and 
(c) 
the party requesting such modification pays all costs and expenses (including legal 
fees) incurred by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee in connection with such 
modification; 
14.2 
for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of Article 405 of the CRR, Article 
17 of the AIFMD, Article 51 of the AIFMR or Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, after 
the Issue Date, including as a result of the adoption of regulatory technical standards in relation to the 
CRR or the AIFMR or any other risk retention legislation or regulations or official guidance in relation 
thereto, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
14.3 
for the purpose of enabling the Bonds to be (or to remain) listed on the relevant Stock Exchange, 
provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required solely 
for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
14.4 
for the purposes of enabling the Issuer to comply with the provisions of Rule 17g-5 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that 
such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect 
14.5 
for the purposes of enabling the Issuer to comply with the provisions of Rule 17g-5 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that 
such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
14.6 
for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of the Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation after the Closing Date, including as a result of the adoption of regulatory technical standards

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
in relation to the Credit Rating Agencies Regulation or regulations or official guidance in relation thereto, 
provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required solely 
for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect, 
(the certificate to be provided by the Issuer or the relevant party, as the case may be, pursuant to 
Conditions 14.1 to 14.5 above being a “Modification Certificate”), provided that: 
14.6.1 at least 30 calendar days’ prior written notice of any such proposed modification has been given 
to the Bond Trustee; 
14.6.2 the Modification Certificate in relation to such modification shall be provided to the Bond Trustee 
both at the time the Bond Trustee is notified of the proposed modification and on the date that 
such modification takes effect; and 
14.6.3 the consent of each Secured Creditor which has a right to consent to such modification pursuant 
to the provisions of the STID has been obtained, 
and provided further that: 
14.7 
other than in the case of a modification pursuant to Condition 14.1.2(ii), either: 
(a) 
the Issuer obtains from each of the Rating Agencies written confirmation (or certifies in the 
Modification Certificate that it has been unable to obtain written confirmation, but has received 
oral confirmation from an appropriately authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that 
such modification would not result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then 
current ratings assigned to any Tranche of the Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating 
Agency placing any Bonds on rating watch negative (or equivalent); or 
(b) 
the Issuer certifies in the Modification Certificate that it has informed the Rating Agencies of the 
proposed modification and none of the Rating Agencies has indicated that such modification 
would result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned 
to any Tranche of the Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating Agency placing any 
Bonds on rating watch negative (or equivalent); and 
14.8 
(I) the Issuer has provided at least 30 calendar days’ notice to the Bondholders of each Tranche of Bonds 
of the proposed modification in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and by publication on 
Bloomberg on the “Company News” screen relating to the Bonds; and (II) Bondholders representing at 
least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the most senior Tranche of Bonds 
then outstanding have not contacted the Bond Trustee in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the 
then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which such Bonds may be held) within 
such notification period notifying the Bond Trustee that such Bondholders do not consent to the 
modification. 
14.8.1 If Bondholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of any Tranche of Bonds then outstanding have notified the Bond Trustee in writing (or otherwise 
in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which 
such Bonds may be held) within the notification period referred to above that they do not consent 
to the modification, then such modification will not be made unless an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Bondholders of any Tranche of Bonds then outstanding is passed in favour of such 
modification in accordance with Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver 
and Substitution).

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
14.8.2 Objections made in writing other than through the applicable clearing system must be 
accompanied by evidence to the Bond Trustee’s satisfaction (having regard to prevailing market 
practices) of the relevant Bondholder’s holding of the Bonds. 
Other than where specifically provided in this Condition 14 (Additional Right of Modification) or any 
Finance Document: 
14.9 
when implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 14 (Additional Right of Modification) 
(save to the extent the Bond Trustee considers that the proposed modification would constitute a Basic 
Terms Modification), the Bond Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Bondholders, any other 
Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further investigation on 
any certificate or evidence provided to it by the Issuer or the relevant party, as the case may be, pursuant 
to this Condition 14 (Additional Right of Modification) and shall not be liable to the Bondholders, any 
other Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; and 
14.10 the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Bond 
Trustee would have the effect of: (i) exposing the Bond Trustee to any liability against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Bond Trustee in the Finance Documents and/or 
the Conditions. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Bondholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon 
as reasonably practicable to: 
14.10.1 so long as any of the Bonds rated by the Rating Agencies remains outstanding, each Rating 
Agency; 
14.10.2 the Secured Creditors; and 
14.10.3 the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
15 Enforcement 
No Bondholder, Receiptholder, Couponholder or other Secured Creditor is entitled to take any action against 
the Issuer or against any assets of the Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of the Bonds or to enforce any of the 
Security unless the Security Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects to do so within a 
reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. The Security Trustee shall, subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, 
claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing: (a) at its discretion; 
or (b) upon being so directed by the Qualifying Secured Creditors in accordance with the STID, enforce the 
Security in accordance with the STID and the Security Documents. 
None of the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Bondholders, the Receiptholders, the Couponholders or the 
other Secured Creditors may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, 
winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except for the taking of any 
enforcement action under the STID including the appointment of a Receiver pursuant to the terms of the 
Security Documents and STID) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Bonds are 
outstanding or otherwise than in accordance with the STID. 
16 Indemnification of the Bond Trustee

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Bond Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Bond Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
The Bond Trustee may rely without liability to Bondholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or 
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, whether 
or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement 
letter relating thereto entered into by the Bond Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, 
methodology or otherwise. The Bond Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, 
confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on 
the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders. 
17 Replacement of Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Bond, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Bonds, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Bondholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Bond, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons, Talons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Bonds, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
18 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them, the issue date, the issue price, the initial ISIN applied to them and the first 
Interest Accrual Period) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with an 
outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Bonds include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 18 and forming a single series with the Bonds.  
19 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Bonds shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Bonds shall be valid if published in a leading, English 
language, newspaper published daily in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times). If in the opinion of 
the Bond Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Receiptholders and Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Bonds in accordance with this Condition 19 (Notices). 
20 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Bonds under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
21 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the STID, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes (whether 
contractual or non-contractual) that may arise out of or in connection with any Bonds, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has, in the 
STID, irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has, in the STID, irrevocably appointed 
an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in 
England.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
CHAPTER 10 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) . For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Ellevio AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [●] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Sub-Class] [Title of Bonds] 
Guaranteed by Ellevio Holding 4 AB 
under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Multicurrency Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 22 May 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
Prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds [described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]36 and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) contained in the Bond Trust Deed dated 2 September 2016 and the supplement to it dated 25 
November 2020 and set forth in the Prospectus dated [2 September 2016 and the supplement to it dated 30 
December 2016]/[18 December 2017 and the supplement to it dated 26 January 2018] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated [●] 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated [●] 2023 [and the base prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, (the “[Base] Prospectus”) in 
order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Prospectus dated [2 September 2016 and the supplement to it dated 30 December 2016]/[18 December 2017 
and the supplement to it dated 26 January 2018]. The [Base] Prospectus [, the supplement(s) dated [●]] [and 
the 
Final Terms] 
[has/have] 
been 
published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and [is/are] available for viewing during normal business hours at 
32 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland (being the registered office of the Issuer).] 
1 
 (i) 
Issuer: 
Ellevio AB (publ) 
 
(ii) Guarantor: 
Ellevio Holding 4 AB 
2 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Sub-Class Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Sub-Class Number for the purposes 
of consolidation under Condition 
[1][b]] 
[●] 
 
36 Wording to be deleted where non-Prospectus Regulation Bonds are issued.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
(iv) [Date on which become consolidated 
under Condition [1][(b)]] 
[Not applicable/The Bonds shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/the exchange of the 
Temporary Global Bond for the Permanent Global Bond, 
as referred to in paragraph [19] below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]] 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Sub-Class: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Index-Linked] 
10 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
[Index-Linked Redemption] 
11 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [●] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [●], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14] below applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12 
 
Call Option: 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Call] 
13 
 
14 
Status: 
 
15 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Bonds [and Guarantee] obtained: 
 
Class [A / B] 
 
[●]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●][EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
[If using a reference rate other than EURIBOR, STIBOR 
or NIBOR, insert: Amounts payable under the Bonds are 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] 
[appears][does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the “BMR”). [Additional explanatory language to be 
included when the statement is negative: As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] OR [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the BMR apply], such that [insert names(s) of 
administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)][Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360][30/360][360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vii) [Determination Date[s]: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(viii) Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(ix) [Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum]]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
17 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]  
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][● ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360][30/360][360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][ Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvi) [Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[– Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum]] 
 
(xvii) Reference Banks 
[●] 
18 
 
Index-Linked Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[Swedish Consumer Price Index] 
 
(ii) 
Base Index Figure: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●][EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Duration (if other than the 
relevant Interest Period): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
[– ISDA Definitions 
[2000/2006]] 
 
(v) 
Index Figure applicable: 
[As determined in accordance with Condition 7(a) 
(Definitions); [3/8] months lag applies]  
 
(vi) 
Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. (as adjusted for indexation in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Indexation))]/[Fixed, calculated in 
accordance with paragraph 13 above]/[Floating, 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 14 above]] 
 
(vii) 
Representative Amount: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest, Interest 
Amount 
and 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent 
Bank): 
[Not Applicable/Calculation Agent] 
 
(x) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Interest in the event of changes in 
disruptions, 
cessation 
of 
or 
fundamental 
changes 
to 
the 
lender: 
Applicable – Condition 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) dated 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index) 
 
(xi) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(xiv) Business Centres: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xvii) Limited Indexation Month(s): 
[●] 
 
(xviii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual]360] [30/360 or 
360/360 or Bond Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xix) Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 8 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options)/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Condition 6(g) 
(Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, 
Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts) applies] [Modified Redemption 
Amount] 
 
 
 
 
[(A) Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
 
[(B) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[(C) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.]] 
 
[(D) Determination Date:  
[●]] 
 
[(E) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(v) 
Modified Redemption 
Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Bond: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[Swedish Consumer Price Index]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
(ii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Redemption 
Amount (if not the Agent 
Banks): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] as Calculation Agent] 
 
(iii) Provisions for determining 
Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to 
Index: 
The Redemption Amount of each Bond shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
 
(iv) Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) Provisions for determining 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Applicable – Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index) 
 
(vi) Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(viii) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
21 
 
Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(ii) Residual Call Redemption Date 
[[●]] 
 
(iii) Record Date 
[[●]] 
 
(iv) Notice Periods 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE BONDS 
22 
 
Form of Bonds: 
Bearer Bonds: 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Bond] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Bond]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
Registered Bonds: 
[Regulation S Global Bond (US$/€[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] [CDS] 
23 
 
New Global Bond: 
[Yes]/[No] 
24 
 
Financial Centre(s): 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] 
25 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Bonds have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made.] 
26 
 
Bondholder Representative: 
[Not Applicable]/[Yes. In accordance with Condition 
13(a), the Bondholder Representative shall be [●] and the 
contact details of the Bondholder Representative are: [●]] 
27 
 
Security 
As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment 
of the Secured Liabilities incurred to the Bondholders, the 
Issuer (in its capacity as Security Group Agent) hereby (on 
behalf of itself and each relevant Obligor) irrevocably and 
unconditionally pledges (with the priority as between the 
Secured Creditors as set out in the STID) to the 
Bondholders holding the Bonds described herein, 
represented by the Security Trustee, the Charged Property 
subject to Borrower Security under each Security 
Document governed by Swedish law, under and in 
accordance with the terms of each such Security 
Document. 
THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third-party information) has been extracted from (source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Ellevio AB (publ): 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of Ellevio Holding 4 AB: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to the official list of 
Euronext Dublin and trading on the regulated market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [●].] [Application will be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to 
the official list of Euronext Dublin and trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Bonds of this type issued under the Bond Programme 
generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer. Certain of the [Managers/Dealers] and 
their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the [Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Bonds, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Obligors, the Issuer and their respective 
Affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, 
or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
[Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Obligors, the Issuer or their 
respective Affiliates. Certain [Managers/Dealers] or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Obligors and/or the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Obligors and/or the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such [Managers/Dealers] and their 
Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Bonds or whether a specified 
barrier or level is reached. The [Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.]  
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in [Base] Prospectus/give 
details if reasons for the offer are different from 
what is disclosed]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
[If relevant in the applicable Final 
Terms, the following language shall be 
included]. 
[[Net proceeds from the issue of the 
Series [●] Bonds (the “Green Bonds”) 
will be allocated to part of or the whole 
of the financing or refinancing of, 
and/or investment in, the Eligible 
Green Portfolio (as defined below) 
meeting the Eligibility Criteria (as 
defined below). 
“Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Assets” means projects or assets with 
environmental and/or sustainability 
benefits and which meet the Eligibility 
Criteria. 
“Eligible Green Portfolio” means a 
portfolio of one or more Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Assets. 
“Eligibility Criteria” means the 
criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out 
in the Ellevio Green Bond Framework 
(available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/con
tent/finansiell-
information/2023/green_finance_frame
work_2023.pdf).  
Ellevio has obtained an independent 
second party opinion from ISS ICS(the 
“External Review”) to assess the 
alignment of the framework with the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 
(including the updated Appendix I of 
June 2022) and the 
LMA/APLMA/LSTA Green Loan 
Principles 2023. In addition, ISS ICS 
assessed the alignment of Ellevio’s 
Green Finance Framework with the EU 
Taxonomy Climate Delegate Act.  
The External Review is availible on 
Ellevio’s website at 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-
ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-
governance/financial-reports-
documents/.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Pending allocation of the net proceeds 
of an issue of Green Bonds for 
investment in the Eligible Green 
Portfolio, the Issuer will hold such net 
proceeds in a separate bank account 
(the “Green Account”), the balance of 
which shall be managed according to 
the Issuer’s liquidity and liability 
management process based on its 
financial policy. The Issuer will 
establish systems to monitor and 
account for the net proceeds for 
investment in the Eligible Green 
Portfolio meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria. 
The Issuer is expected to issue a report on: (i) the 
Eligible Green Portfolio to which proceeds of 
Green Bonds have been allocated and the amounts 
allocated; (ii) the expected impact of the Eligible 
Green Portfolio on the environment; and (iii) the 
balance of unallocated cash and/or cash equivalent 
investments. Such report will be published 
annually on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-
Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-
reports-documents/.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[●] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
Use of proceeds of this offer: 
[●] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[Insert here any other relevant codes such 
as CUSIP and CINS codes] 
[●]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[CDS] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Names and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as a 
common safekeeper,)][include this text for registered 
bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Bonds are capable of meeting them, the Bonds may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as a common 
safekeeper,)][include this text for registered bonds]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iii) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2[;  
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
CHAPTER 11 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Conditions of the Bonds to “Bondholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Bond or the person shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of the Registered Global 
Bond. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system indicated in the applicable Final Terms including CDS Clearing and Depositary 
Services Inc. (“CDS”), as the case may be (each a “Clearing System”), as being entitled to an interest in a 
Global Bond or a Registered Global Bond (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to the relevant Clearing 
System for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to such Accountholder and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Bond or Registered Global Bond. The extent to which, and 
the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Bond or Registered Global 
Bond will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. For so long as 
the relevant Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond, Accountholders shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Bond or the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Bond, as the case may be. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Global Bonds will contain provisions that apply to the Bonds which they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the Conditions of the Bonds as set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
 
Meeting: The holder of a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond shall be treated as being two persons 
for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Bondholders and, at any such meeting, the 
holder of a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond shall be treated as having one Vote in respect of 
each minimum denomination of Bonds for which such Global Bond or Registered Global Bond may be 
exchanged. 
 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Bond represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond that 
is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Bond or Registered Global Bond. 
 
Notices: So long as any Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond and such 
Global Bond or Registered Global Bond is held on behalf of the relevant Clearing System, notices to the 
Bondholders may be given, subject always to listing requirements, by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the relevant Clearing System for communication by it to entitled Accountholders in substitution for 
publication as provided in the Conditions. Any such notice will be deemed given on the date it is 
delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
Payment: For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Bond, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day”. 
All payments in respect of any Bond represented by a Registered Global Bond will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to 
Friday inclusive (except 25 December and 1 January).

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
CHAPTER 12 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from each issue of Bonds by the Issuer under the Bond Programme will be applied by it for the 
general corporate purposes of Ellevio. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If, in respect of an issue of Bonds, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Where the applicable Final Terms denote a Series of Bonds as “Green Bonds” (“Green Bonds”), the allocation 
of net proceeds from such issue of Bonds will be to part of or the whole of the financing and/or refinancing of, 
and/or investment in, the Eligible Green Portfolio (as defined below) meeting the Eligibility Criteria (as defined 
below). 
An Eligible Green Portfolio may include the current value of fixed assets, capital expenditure and/or operational 
expenditure associated with the Eligibility Criteria. Asset values and capital expenditure shall qualify for 
refinancing with no look-back period, while operational expenditure qualify with a maximum three year look-
back period. 
For the purposes of this Chapter: 
“Eligibility Criteria” means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Ellevio Green Bond Framework 
(available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2023/green_finance_framework_2023.pdf). 
“Eligible Green Portfolio” means a portfolio of one or more Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets. 
“Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets” means projects or assets with environmental and/or sustainability 
benefits and which meet the Eligibility Criteria. 
Ellevio has obtained an independent second party opinion from ISS ICS (the “External Review”) to assess the 
alignment of the framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (including the updated Appendix I of 
June 2022) and the LMA/APLMA/LSTA Green Loan Principles 2023. In addition, ISS ICS assessed the 
alignment of Ellevio’s Green Finance Framework with the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegate Act.  
The External Review is availible on Ellevio’s website at https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-
Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-documents/. Pending allocation of the net proceeds of an 
issue of Green Bonds for investment in the Eligible Green Portfolio, the Issuer will hold such net proceeds in a 
separate bank account (the “Green Account”), the balance of which shall be managed according to the Issuer’s 
liquidity and liability management process based on its financial policy. The Issuer will establish systems to 
monitor and account for the net proceeds for investment in the Eligible Green Portfolio meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria. 
The Issuer is expected to issue a report on: (i) the Eligible Green Portfolio to which proceeds of Green Bonds 
have been allocated and the amounts allocated; (ii) the expected impact of the Eligible Green Portfolio on the 
environment; and (iii) the balance of unallocated cash and/or cash equivalent investments. Such report will be 
published annually on the Issuer’s website at https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-
and-governance/financial-reports-documents/. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
any such opinion or certification nor the Ellevio Green Bond Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification nor the Ellevio Green 
Bond Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at 
the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors in any Green Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed, "Green Bonds may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets”.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
CHAPTER 13 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor was incorporated in Sweden on 26 February 2015 (registered number 559005-2451) as a private 
limited liability company under the Swedish Companies Act (as amended). The registered office of the 
Guarantor is at Valhallavägen 203, 115 53 Stockholm. The telephone number of the Guarantor’s registered 
office is +46 (0) 86 06 00 00.  
Ownership 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the issued share capital of the Guarantor comprises 50,000 ordinary shares of 
one Swedish Krona each, all of which are beneficially owned by Ellevio Holding 3 AB. 
Business Activities and Subsidiaries 
The Guarantor is a holding company with no material, direct business operations other than raising external 
funding for the Group through debt finance. 
The Guarantor is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of the Issuer. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe certain restrictions on its activities which are set out in the Trust Deed 
and the Conditions. 
The Auditors of the Guarantor are Ernst & Young AB. 
Corporate Governance  
The following table sets out the directors of the Guarantor and their respective business addresses and 
occupations:  
Name 
Position 
Position(s) Outside the 
Guarantor 
Business Address 
Fredrik Persson 
Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
President of the Board 
of Directors-Ellevio AB, 
Business Europe, 
International Chamber 
of Commerce Sweden, 
JM AB. Member of 
Board AB Electrolux, 
Ahlström Capital Oy, 
Hufvudstaden AB, ICA 
Gruppen AB, Interogo 
Holding AB. 
Karlavägen 2, 114 24 
STOCKHOLM 
Anna Belfrage 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio AB, 
Mycronic AB, Note AB, 
Serneke AB, Isofol AB, 
Sveaskog AB and 
Elopak ASA.  
Österportsgatan 1 A 
211 28 Malmö

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Name 
Position 
Position(s) Outside the 
Guarantor 
Business Address 
Lars Clausen 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio AB 
and Energinet and 
Senior Advisor to 
OMERS Infrastructure 
and Qvartz. Chairman of 
the Board of Kvasir 
Technologies.CEO at 
Clausen Consulting Aps. 
Marianelundsvej 13, 3460 
Birkeröd, Denmark 
Göran Hägglund 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio AB, 
Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of 
Systembolaget AB, the 
Swedish Cancer Society 
and Samtrafiken AB. 
Källarpsgatan 19, 554 46 
Jönköping 
Michael Mc 
Nicholas 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio AB. 
Managing Director 
Asset Management of 
Omers Infrastructure 
Omers Infrastructure Ltd., 
The Leadenhall Building, 
Floor 29, 122 Leadenhall 
Street, 
London, EC3V 4AB 
Sten Olsson 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio AB. 
Chairman of the 
Swedish Tax Agency 
Member of the Board of 
Directors Sinoma 
Fastighets AB and 
Deputy Member of the 
Board of Directors in 
Kvarnholmen 
Utvecklings AB, Tornet 
Bostadsproduktion AB 
and CEO of Nyköping-
Östgötalänken AB 
Muneris konsult AB 
Idungatan 1B 
113 45 Stockholm 
Karin Jarl 
Månsson  
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Ellevio 
AB,System Verification 
AB,Qvantum Industries 
AB,Coor Service 
Management 
AB,Copenhagen Malmo 
Port AB, FC Rosengård. 
Byahornsgränd 5 
216 23 Malmö

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Name 
Position 
Position(s) Outside the 
Guarantor 
Business Address 
 
 
 
 
Henrik Nordlander 
Deputy Member of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Deputy Member of the 
Board of Directors of 
Ellevio AB, Head of 
Private Equity at AP3 
AP3 | Third Swedish 
National Pension Fund 
Vasagatan 16, SE-111 91 
Stockholm, Sweden 
Fredrik Lundeborg 
Deputy Member of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Position: Alternate 
Member of the Board of 
Directors. Member of 
the Board of Directors 
Caruna Networks Oy, 
BSÖ Holding AB, 
Ormonde Energy 
Limited. Infrastructure 
investments AMF 
Första AP-fonden, 
Regeringsgatan 28,  
103 25 Stockholm 
Marcus Blomberg 
Deputy Member of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Deputy Member of the 
Board of Directors of 
Ellevio AB. Chief 
Investment Officer at 
Folksam. 
Folksam, 
Bohusgatan 14, 
106 60 Stockholm 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Guarantor of its directors or the company 
secretaries and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
CHAPTER 14 
DESCRIPTION OF THE HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES  
1 
BNP Paribas 
BNP Paribas is a French multinational bank and financial services company with its registered office located at 
16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris, France, and its corporate website is http://www.bnpparibas.com/en. 
BNP Paribas, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the "BNP Paribas Group") is a global financial 
services provider, conducting retail, corporate and investment banking, private banking, asset management, 
insurance and specialized and other financial activities throughout the world.   
BNP Paribas is the top bank in the European Union and a major international banking establishment. It has 
close to 190,000 employees in 65 countries, including almost 145,000 in Europe. 
2 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (“CIBC”) is a diversified financial institution governed by the Bank Act 
(Canada) (the “Bank Act”). CIBC was formed through the amalgamation of The Canadian Bank of Commerce 
and Imperial Bank of Canada in 1961. The Canadian Bank of Commerce was originally incorporated as Bank 
of Canada by special act of the legislature of the Province of Canada in 1858. Subsequently, the name was 
changed to The Canadian Bank of Commerce and it opened for business under that name in 1867. Imperial 
Bank of Canada was incorporated in 1875 by special act of the Parliament of Canada and commenced operations 
in that year.  The address of the registered and head office of CIBC is Commerce Court, 199 Bay St., Toronto, 
Canada M5L 1A2. More information about CIBC may be obtained at www.cibc.com. 
3 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB)  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a limited liability company incorporated in France as a 
“société anonyme” incorporated under, and governed by, the laws of France, whose registered office is at 12, 
place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank is registered at the Trade and Commercial Register of Nanterre (France) under the number 304 187 701. 
Crédit Agricole CIB is the Corporate and Investment Banking arm of the Crédit Agricole Group. More 
information about Credit Agricole may be obtained at www.ca-cib.com. 
4 
Danske Bank A/S 
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske”) was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the 
years, merged with a number of financial institutions. It is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries 
on business under the Danish Financial Business Act. Danske is registered with the Danish Business Authority.  
The registered office of Danske is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with telephone 
number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. More information about Danske 
Bank may be obtained at www.danskebank.dk/en. 
5 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Bank” or the “Bank”) originated from the reunification of 
Norddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Duesseldorf and Süddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope of 
Credit Institutions, these had been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 1870. 
The merger and the name were entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main on 
2 May 1957. Deutsche Bank has its registered office in Frankfurt am Main and maintains its head office at

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, and branch offices in Germany and abroad including in London, 
New York, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong and an Asia-Pacific Head Office in Singapore which serve as hubs for 
its operations in the respective regions. 
Deutsche Bank is a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. It is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main, HRB No. 30 000; 
with branch registration in England and Wales BR000005 and its registered address at Winchester House, 1 
Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch is a member firm of the 
London Stock Exchange. Details about the extent of Deutsche Bank’s authorisation and regulation by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority are available on request. 
More information about Deutsche Bank may be obtained at www.db.com.   
6 
DNB Bank ASA 
DNB Bank ASA, as part of the DNB Group, is a public limited company (in Norwegian: allmennaksjeselskap) 
incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway on 10th September, 2002 with registration number 981 
276 957. The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. 
The DNB Group is Norway's largest financial services group and one of the largest in the Nordic region in 
terms of market capitalisation. DNB offers a full range of financial services, including loans, savings, advisory 
services, real estate broking, insurance and pension products for retail and corporate customers and the public 
sector. DNB’s bank branches in Norway, in-store postal and banking outlets, post office counters, Internet 
banking, mobile services and international offices ensure that they are present where their customers are. The 
DNB Group are a major operator in a number of industries, for which they also have a Nordic or international 
strategy. More information about the DNB Group may be obtained at www.dnb.no/en. 
7 
ING Belgium SA/NV 
ING Belgium SA/NV is a financial institution existing under the laws of Belgium, with registered office at 1000 
Brussels, Avenue Marnix 24, Belgium, registered with the Crossroad Bank for enterprises under number RLE 
0403.200.393 (RLE Brussels). 
ING Belgium SA/NV is one of the major commercial banks in Belgium, offering a full range of banking services 
to both retail and corporate clients, including a wide range of financial market products. ING Belgium’s 
activities can be divided into three segments to ensure optimal efficiency and rapid decision-making processes.  
(i) 
Retail and Private Banking: ING Belgium SA/NV conducts its retail activity via the ING BELGIUM 
branch network. ING Belgium SA/NV is a universal direct bank that provides services to all types 
of customers, and apart from its branch network, ING Belgium SA/NV uses the internet and mobile 
channels as retail channels;  
(ii) 
Wholesale Banking: institutional investors and companies form the core customer segment for ING 
Belgium NV/SA. ING Belgium NV/SA offers a wide range of services to companies. The Wholesale 
Banking in Belgium is fully integrated in terms of sectors and products into the global Wholesale 
Banking network which spans over 40 countries (more information can be found on 
www.ingwb.com). Via its dedicated Nordics team it also services Nordic and Baltic large corporates 
(iii) 
Business Banking represent an important segment for ING Belgium. Self-Employed, micro-
companies and SME segment focuses on independent professionals / free-lancers and small 
companies booking annual revenue of less than EUR 4 million via both remote channels and face-2-
face meetings (21 Business Hubs). Midcorps and institutional clients (like public services, hospitals, 
religious associations, teaching establishments, union organizations and pension funds) can contact 
their dedicated relationship manager who is located in one of the 16 business centers and business

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
desks distributed across the country, in addition to the branch footprint. For this segment, ING 
Belgium SA/NV has sector specialists.  
8 
J.P.Morgan Securities plc 
J.P.Morgan Securities PLC operates as an investment banking company. The Company offers capital raising, 
risk management, markets, securities, cash management, liquidity, asset management, and private banking 
services. J.P. Morgan Securities serves customers worldwide. 
More information about J.P Morgan may be obtained at www.jpmorgan.com. 
9 
Merrill Lynch International 
Merrill Lynch International ("MLI") is a company incorporated in England and Wales and is authorised and 
regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . MLI is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of ML UK Capital Holdings Limited and the ultimate parent of MLI is Bank of 
America Corporation.  The registered address of MLI is 2 King Edward Street, London, EC1A 1HQ. MLI's 
principal activities are to provide a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in Europe, 
the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas, to act as a broker dealer in financial instruments and 
to provide corporate finance advisory services. MLI also provides a number of post trade related services to 
third party clients, including settlement and clearing services to third party clients. More information about MLI 
may be obtained at www.bofa.com. 
10 MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc (“MUS(EMEA)”) was incorporated in England and Wales on 11 February, 1983, 
pursuant to the Companies Act 1948 to 1985 as a company with liability limited by shares, and commenced 
business on 3 October, 1983. MUS(EMEA) was re-registered as a public limited company on 3 August, 1989. 
MUS(EMEA)’s registered office is located at Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker Street, London EC2Y 9AJ, and 
its telephone number is 44 20-7628-5555. MUS(EMEA)’s registration number is 01698498. MUS(EMEA) is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the 
Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK. 
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. (“MUSHD”), owns 100 per cent. of the shares in MUS(EMEA). 
Each of MUSHD and MUFG Bank, Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. 
(“MUFG”). More information about MUS(EMEA) may be obtained at www.mufgemea.com 
11 National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) (“NAB”) is a public limited company incorporated in 
the Commonwealth of Australia and operates under Australian legislation including the Corporations Act 2001 
of Australia. Its registered office is Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Docklands, Victoria 3008, Australia. 
NAB is the holding company for the NAB Group (comprising NAB and its controlled entities), as well as being 
the main operating company.  
The majority of the NAB Group’s financial services businesses operate in Australia and New Zealand, with 
branches currently located in Asia, the United Kingdom (UK) and the United States (US). The principal 
activities of the NAB Group are banking services, credit and access card facilities, leasing, housing and general 
finance, international banking, investment banking, wealth management services, funds management and 
custodian, trustee and nominee services. 
Further information on NAB and the NAB Group, including its consolidated audited financial statements and 
accompanying notes thereto, may be accessed through www.nab.com.au/annualreports.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
12 NatWest Markets N.V. (“NWM N.V.”) 
NWM N.V., whose corporate seat is at Claude Debussylaan 94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is a 
public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law on 7 February 1825 and is a wholly owned 
(indirect) subsidiary of NatWest Markets Plc (“NWM Plc”) and ultimately a wholly owned (indirect) subsidiary 
of NatWest Group plc (the "Holding Company"). 
The "NWM Group" comprises NWM Plc and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, including NWM N.V. 
The "NatWest Group" comprises the Holding Company and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, 
including the NWM Group. 
NWM N.V., a licensed bank, operates as an investment banking firm serving corporates and financial 
institutions in the EEA. NWM N.V. helps corporate and institutional customers manage their financial risks and 
achieve their short and long-term financial goals while navigating changing markets and regulation. NWM N.V.  
does this by providing global market access, financing, risk management and trading solutions. NWM N.V. 
offers products and services in currencies, rates, financing and lending organised through the following 
customer-facing businesses: Trading & Customer Sales and Capital Markets. 
Further information can be found relating to (i) NWM N.V. in the NWM N.V. 2022 Annual Report and Accounts 
and the NWM N.V. 2022 H1 Interim Results; and (ii) NWM Group in the NWM Plc 2022 Annual Report and 
Accounts and the NWM Group 2022 Annual Report. Other relevant filings or announcements can be found at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements. 
The 
most 
recent 
rating 
of 
NWM 
N.V. 
and 
the 
respective 
entities 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/fixed-income-investors/credit-ratings. 
13 Nordea Bank AB Publ 
Nordea Bank Abp (”Nordea”) is the largest financial services group in the Nordic region and among the ten 
largest financial groups in Europe in terms of total market capitalisation, with around 11 million customers. 
Nordea offers banking and financial products and services to household and corporate customers, including 
financial institutions. 
Nordea is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland and is headquartered in 
Helsinki. Nordea as a commercial bank is subject to substantial regulation in all markets in which it operates. 
Nordea conducts business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions, and provides investment services and performs investment activities pursuant to the Finnish Act 
on Investment Services. Nordea’s ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki, 
Stockholm and Copenhagen. More information about Nordea may be obtained at www.nordea.com. 
14 Royal Bank of Canada 
Royal Bank of Canada (referred to in this section as “Royal Bank”) is a Schedule I bank under the Bank Act 
(Canada), which constitutes its charter and governs its operations.  Royal Bank’s corporate headquarters are 
located at Royal Bank Plaza, 200 Bay Street, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2J5, Canada, and its head office is located 
at 1 Place Ville Marie, Montreal, Quebec, H3B 3A9, Canada.  Royal Bank is the parent company of RBC 
Capital Markets, LLC.  
As Canada’s biggest bank, and one of the largest in the world based on market capitalization, Royal Bank has 
a diversified business model with a focus on innovation and providing exceptional experiences to its 17 million 
clients in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries. More information about RBC may be obtained at 
www.rbc.com. 
15 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”) is a leading Nordic financial services group. As a 
relationship bank strongly committed to delivering customer value, SEB offers financial advice and a wide 
range of financial services to corporate customers, financial institutions and private individuals in Sweden and 
the Baltic countries. In Norway, Denmark, Finland, Germany and the UK, SEB’s operations focus on delivering 
a full-service offering to corporate and institutional clients and building long-term customer relationships.. As 
of March 31, 2023, SEB had total assets of SEK 3,802 billion and total equity of SEK 213 billion. For the three 
months ended March 31, 2023, SEB’s net profit was SEK 9.4 billion. More information about SEB may be 
obtained at https://sebgroup.com. 
16 Société Générale 
Société Générale is a French limited liability company (société anonyme) having the status of a bank and is 
registered in France in the Commercial Register under number 552 120 222. It has its registered office at 29 
Boulevard Haussmann 75009 Paris (France) and its administrative office at Tours Société Générale, 17 Cours 
Valmy, 92972 Paris La Defense (France). Société Générale was incorporated by deed approved by the decree 
of 4 May 1864.. The London Branch of Société Générale has its principal office at SG House, 41 Tower Hill, 
London EC3N 4SG and is registered with UK Companies House under number BR000021. 
Société Générale is one of the largest European financial services groups. Based on a diversified universal 
banking model, the Group combines financial solidity with a strategy of sustainable growth, and aims to be the 
reference for relationship banking, recognised on its markets, close to clients, chosen for the quality and 
commitment 
of 
its 
teams. 
More 
information 
about 
Societe 
General 
may 
be 
obtained 
at 
www.societegenerale.com 
17 Swedbank AB (publ) 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws of the 
Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered office at SE-105 34 Stockholm, with 
its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It has 
been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall under registration number 502017-
7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Swedbank was incorporated on 24 April 
1942. Swedbank operates under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (2004:297). More 
information about Swedbank may be obtained at www.swedbank.se/en.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
CHAPTER 15 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS  
1 
BNP Paribas 
BNP Paribas is a French multinational bank and financial services company with its registered office located at 
16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris, France, and its corporate website is http://www.bnpparibas.com/en. 
BNP Paribas, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the "BNP Paribas Group") is a global financial services 
provider, conducting retail, corporate and investment banking, private banking, asset management, insurance 
and specialized and other financial activities throughout the world.  
BNP Paribas is the top bank in the European Union and a major international banking establishment. It has 
close to 190,000 employees in 65 countries, including almost 145,000 in Europe. 
2 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (“CIBC”) is a diversified financial institution governed by the Bank Act 
(Canada) (the “Bank Act”). CIBC was formed through the amalgamation of The Canadian Bank of Commerce 
and Imperial Bank of Canada in 1961. The Canadian Bank of Commerce was originally incorporated as Bank 
of Canada by special act of the legislature of the Province of Canada in 1858. Subsequently, the name was 
changed to The Canadian Bank of Commerce and it opened for business under that name in 1867. Imperial 
Bank of Canada was incorporated in 1875 by special act of the Parliament of Canada and commenced operations 
in that year.  The address of the registered and head office of CIBC is Commerce Court, 199 Bay St., Toronto, 
Canada M5L 1A2. More information about CIBC may be obtained at www.cibc.com. 
3 
Danske Bank A/S 
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske”) was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the 
years, merged with a number of financial institutions. It is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries 
on business under the Danish Financial Business Act. Danske is registered with the Danish Business Authority.  
The registered office of Danske is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with telephone 
number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. More information about Danske 
Bank may be obtained at www.danskebank.dk/en 
4 
DNB Bank ASA 
DNB Bank ASA, as part of the DNB Group, is a public limited company (in Norwegian: allmennaksjeselskap) 
incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway on 10th September, 2002 with registration number 981 
276 957. The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. 
The DNB Group is Norway's largest financial services group and one of the largest in the Nordic region in 
terms of market capitalisation. DNB offers a full range of financial services, including loans, savings, advisory 
services, real estate broking, insurance and pension products for retail and corporate customers and the public 
sector. DNB’s bank branches in Norway, in-store postal and banking outlets, post office counters, Internet 
banking, mobile services and international offices ensure that they are present where their customers are. The 
DNB Group  are a major operator in a number of industries, for which they have a Nordic or international 
strategy. More information about the DNB Group may be obtained at www.dnb.no/en. 
5 
ING Belgium SA/NV

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
ING Belgium SA/NV is a financial institution existing under the laws of Belgium, with registered office at 1000 
Brussels, Avenue Marnix 24, Belgium, registered with the Crossroad Bank for enterprises under number RLE 
0403.200.393 (RLE Brussels). 
ING Belgium SA/NV is one of the major commercial banks in Belgium, offering a full range of banking services 
to both retail and corporate clients, including a wide range of financial market products. ING Belgium’s 
activities can be divided into three segments to ensure optimal efficiency and rapid decision-making processes.  
(i) 
Retail and Private Banking: ING Belgium SA/NV conducts its retail activity via the ING BELGIUM 
branch network. ING Belgium SA/NV is a universal direct bank that provides services to all types 
of customers, and apart from its branch network, ING Belgium SA/NV uses the internet and mobile 
channels as retail channels;  
(ii) 
Wholesale Banking: institutional investors and companies form the core customer segment for ING 
Belgium NV/SA. ING Belgium NV/SA offers a wide range of services to companies. The Wholesale 
Banking in Belgium is fully integrated in terms of sectors and products into the global Wholesale 
Banking network which spans over 40 countries (more information can be found on 
www.ingwb.com). Via its dedicated Nordics team it also services Nordic and Baltic large corporates 
(iii) 
Business Banking represent an important segment for ING Belgium. Self-Employed, micro-
companies and SME segment focuses on independent professionals / free-lancers and small 
companies booking annual revenue of less than EUR 4 million via both remote channels and face-2-
face meetings (21 Business Hubs). Midcorps and institutional clients (like public services, hospitals, 
religious associations, teaching establishments, union organizations and pension funds) can contact 
their dedicated relationship manager who is located in one of the 16 business centers and business 
desks distributed across the country, in addition to the branch footprint. For this segment, ING 
Belgium SA/NV has sector specialists.  
6 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) (“NAB”) is a public limited company incorporated in 
the Commonwealth of Australia and operates under Australian legislation including the Corporations Act 2001 
of Australia. Its registered office is Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Docklands, Victoria 3008, Australia. 
NAB is the holding company for the NAB Group (comprising NAB and its controlled entities), as well as being 
the main operating company.  
. The majority of the NAB Group’s financial services businesses operate in Australia and New Zealand, with 
branches currently located in Asia, the United Kingdom (UK) and the United States (US). The principal 
activities of the NAB Group are banking services, credit and access card facilities, leasing, housing and general 
finance, international banking, investment banking, wealth management services, funds management and 
custodian, trustee and nominee services.  
Further information on NAB and the NAB Group, including its consolidated audited financial statements and 
accompanying notes thereto, may be accessed through www.nab.com.au/annualreports. 
7 
Nordea Bank AB Publ 
Nordea Bank Abp (”Nordea”) is the largest financial services group in the Nordic region and among the ten 
largest financial groups in Europe in terms of total market capitalisation, with around 11 million customers. 
Nordea offers banking and financial products and services to household and corporate customers, including 
financial institutions.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Nordea is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland and is headquartered in 
Helsinki. Nordea as a commercial bank is subject to substantial regulation in all markets in which it operates. 
Nordea conducts business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions, and provides investment services and performs investment activities pursuant to the Finnish Act 
on Investment Services. Nordea’s ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki, 
Stockholm and Copenhagen. More information about Nordea may be obtained at www.nordea.com. 
8 
Royal Bank of Canada 
Royal Bank of Canada (referred to in this section as “Royal Bank”) is a Schedule I bank under the Bank Act 
(Canada), which constitutes its charter and governs its operations.  Royal Bank’s corporate headquarters are 
located at Royal Bank Plaza, 200 Bay Street, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2J5, Canada, and its head office is located 
at 1 Place Ville Marie, Montreal, Quebec, H3B 3A9, Canada.  Royal Bank is the parent company of RBC 
Capital Markets, LLC.  
As Canada’s biggest bank, and one of the largest in the world based on market capitalization, Royal Bank has  
a diversified business model with a focus on innovation and providing exceptional experiences to its 17 million 
clients in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries. More information about RBC may be obtained at 
www.rbc.com 
9 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”) is a leading Nordic financial services group. As a 
relationship bank strongly committed to delivering customer value, SEB offers financial advice and a wide 
range of financial services to corporate customers, financial institutions and private individuals in Sweden and 
the Baltic countries. In Norway, Denmark, Finland, Germany and the UK, SEB’s operations focus on delivering 
a full-service offering to corporate and institutional clients and building long-term customer relationships.. As 
of March 31, 2023, SEB had total assets of SEK 3,802 billion and total equity of SEK 213 billion. For the three 
months ended March 31, 2023, SEB’s net profit was SEK 9.4 billion. More information about SEB may be 
obtained at https://sebgroup.com. 
10 Swedbank AB  
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws of the 
Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered office at SE-105 34 Stockholm, with 
its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It has 
been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall under registration number 502017-
7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Swedbank was incorporated on 24 April 
1942. Swedbank operates under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (2004:297). More 
information about Swedbank may be obtained at www.swedbank.se/en.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
CHAPTER 16 
SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND THE BOND PROGRAMME 
DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Finance Documents as described in this Prospectus. 
Investors may also view copies of certain of the Finance Documents which are summarised in this section on 
the 
website 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-
reports-documents/ (including the Common Terms Agreement, the STID and the Master Definitions Agreement). 
Common Documents 
General Overview 
The Secured Creditors all benefit from common terms under their relevant document and a common security 
package granted by the Issuer and the Parent. It is a requirement of the CTA that any future provider of any 
Authorised Credit Facility must accede to and be bound by the terms of the CTA (see “Common Terms 
Agreement” below) and the intercreditor arrangements contained in the STID (see “Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed” below). 
The CTA sets out the common terms applicable to each Authorised Credit Facility into which the Issuer has 
entered. Save for certain limited exceptions (for example, U.S. representations), no Finance Party can have 
additional representations or covenants beyond the common terms deemed to be incorporated by reference into 
their Authorised Credit Facility through their execution of, or accession to, the CTA. All Events of Default are 
contained in the CTA and apply to each Authorised Credit Facility. 
Under the CTA, the Issuer is permitted to provide the benefit of additional representations, covenants, trigger 
events or events of default to any creditor in connection with an Authorised Credit Facility so long as these are 
also provided to all Finance Parties on the same basis by deemed incorporation in the CTA. Pursuant to this 
exception, the Issuer and the Guarantor entered into the Deed Poll as an Authorised Credit Facility on or about 
25 January 2018 to provide certain additional covenants, trigger events and events of default, which are deemed 
incorporated into the CTA. 
The STID regulates among other things: (a) the claims of the Secured Creditors; (b) the exercise and 
enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors; and (c) the giving of instructions, consents and waivers and, in 
particular, the basis on which votes of the Secured Creditors will be counted. 
With the exception of the Swedish Security Agreements which are governed by Swedish law, all agreements 
listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English 
law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
These summaries are brief and only touch in very general terms on the main provisions of the documents listed 
below. Consequently, investors are strongly recommended to obtain copies of the documents themselves. 
Recipients of this Prospectus should visit the website listed above in order to download and read copies of the 
documents incorporated by reference. 
Common Terms Agreement 
General 
The Common Terms Agreement sets out the representations, covenants, Trigger Events and Events of Default 
(at Schedules 1 to 4 respectively) which apply to each Authorised Credit Facility.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
It is a requirement of the CTA that future providers of Authorised Credit Facilities accede to the CTA, the MDA 
and the STID. The CTA contains certain indemnities of the Obligors to the Finance Parties in respect of losses 
caused, inter alia, by Events of Default. 
On each date on which any other new Authorised Credit Facility is issued or entered into under the CTA, each 
Obligor will make certain representations. 
On the date of each Utilisation Request, on each Utilisation Date and on the first day of each interest period 
each Obligor shall repeat certain representations (the “Repeating Representations”). An Obligor acceding to 
an Authorised Credit Facility shall make the Repeating Representations on the date of such accession. 
Covenants 
By entering into the CTA, the Security Group is bound by the covenants found in Schedule 2 (Security Group 
Covenants) of the CTA. These covenants remain binding on the Security Group for so long as any of the Secured 
Debt remains outstanding. 
The Security Group Covenants are positive, negative, informational and financial in nature. They include the 
following undertakings by the Issuer and/or the Security Group. 
Financial Covenants 
The Issuer shall ensure that, on each Calculation Date commencing on 31 December 2016: 
(a) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio in respect of the Relevant Period shall not be less than the Default 
Ratio; 
(b) 
the Senior Leverage Ratio in respect of the Relevant Period shall not be less than the Default 
Ratio; and 
(c) 
the Total Leverage Ratio in respect of the Relevant Period shall not be greater than the Default 
Ratio. 
Pursuant to the Deed Poll, the Issuer shall ensure that on each Calculation Date, the Total Interest Cover Ratio 
in respect of the Total Relevant Period shall not be less than the Total Default Ratio (the “New Financial 
Covenant”). 
Information Covenants 
Financial statements 
The Security Group Agent undertakes to supply the Security Trustee, each Facility Agent, each Class A PP 
Noteholder, each Class B PP Noteholder, the Bond Trustee and the Hedge Counterparties (each an 
“Information Covenant Agent”) in sufficient copies for all the Finance Parties: 
(a) 
at any time no Material Subsidiary or Obligor (other than the Issuer or the Parent) exists, the 
audited Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer, and, at any time a Material Subsidiary or 
Obligor (other than the Issuer or the Parent) exists, the audited Annual Financial Statements of 
the Parent for that Financial Year, as soon as they are available, but in any event within 180 days 
after the end of each Financial Year; and 
(b) 
at any time no Material Subsidiary or Obligor (other than the Issuer or the Parent) exists, the 
unaudited, Semi-Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer and, at any time a Material Subsidiary 
(other than the Issuer or the Parent) exists, the unaudited consolidated, Semi-Annual Financial 
Statements of the Parent for that half-year, as soon they are available, but in any event within 90 
days of the end of the first financial half-year of each of its Financial Years.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Requirements as to financial statements 
(a) 
The Security Group Agent shall procure that each set of Financial Statements supplied by it 
includes a cashflow statement, a profit and loss account and a balance sheet. In addition the 
Security Group Agent shall procure that each set of its Annual Financial Statements shall be 
audited by the Auditors. Each set of its Annual Financial Statements: 
(i) 
shall give a true and fair view of (in the case of Annual Financial Statements for any 
Financial Year) or, in the any other case, fairly represent its financial condition and 
operations as at the date they were drawn up; 
(ii) 
shall be prepared using the Accounting Principles, accounting practices and financial 
reference periods consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Financial 
Statements for the Financial Year ended 31 December 2015 for that Obligor unless, in 
relation to any other set of Financial Statements, the Security Group Agent notifies each 
Information Covenant Agent that there has been a change in the Accounting Principles or 
the Accounting Principles and its Auditors (or, if appropriate, the Auditors of the Obligor) 
deliver to the Security Trustee: 
I 
a description of any change necessary for those financial statements to reflect the 
Accounting Principles or accounting practices upon which the last Financial Statements 
was prepared; and 
II 
sufficient information, in form and substance as may be reasonably required by the 
Security Trustee, to enable the Secured Creditors to determine whether the Default Ratios 
and Lock-Up Tests have been satisfied. 
(b) 
If the Security Group Agent notifies (among others) the Security Trustee of a change in the 
Accounting Principles or the accounting practices in relation to any set of financial statements, 
then the Security Group Agent and the Security Trustee shall enter into negotiations in good faith 
with a view to agreeing any amendments to the Finance Documents which are necessary as a 
result of that change. To the extent practicable, those amendments will be such as to ensure that 
the changes do not result in any material alteration in the commercial effect of the obligations in 
the Finance Documents. 
Provision and contents of Compliance Certificate 
(a) 
With each set of Financial Statements, the Security Group Agent shall supply each Information 
Covenant Agent with each set of Financial Statements in respect of any period ending on or after 
the First Calculation Date. 
(b) 
The Compliance Certificate shall set out (in reasonable detail): 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio, the Senior Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio and 
Lock-Up Tests and, in each case, calculations thereof; 
(ii) 
a list of all Material Subsidiaries (other than the Obligors) and set out computations which 
determine the classification of these companies as Material Subsidiaries and computations 
as to compliance with paragraph 28 (Guarantors) of part 3, Schedule 2 of the CTA; 
(iii) 
reasonable detail of any Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Distribution 
or Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness made or incurred after the delivery of the 
immediately preceding Compliance Certificate; 
(iv) 
a certification as to compliance with the Hedging Policy;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
(v) 
the then applicable Rating; and 
(vi) 
details of any Certified Storm Event occurring after the delivery of the immediately 
preceding Compliance Certificate. 
(c) 
Each Compliance Certificate shall be signed by two directors of the Security Group Agent and 
certify, to the best of the Security Group Agent’s knowledge and belief, that: 
(i) 
the information contained in the Compliance Certificate is accurate in all material respects; 
and 
(ii) 
no Default or Trigger Event has occurred or is continuing, or, if a Default of Trigger Event 
has occurred and is continuing, the steps which are taken to remedy such Default or 
Trigger Event (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Whilst an Event of Default is continuing, if any Information Covenant Agent wishes to discuss 
the financial position of any member of the Group with the Auditors, such Information Covenant 
Agent may notify the Security Group Agent, stating the questions or issues which they wish to 
discuss with the Auditors. In this event, the Security Group Agent must ensure that the Auditors 
are authorised (at the expense of the Security Group Agent): 
(i) 
to discuss the financial position of each member of the Group with the relevant 
Information Covenant Agent on request from that Information Covenant Agent; and 
(ii) 
to disclose to the relevant Information Covenant Agent for the Finance Parties any 
information which that Information Covenant Agent may reasonably request. 
Presentations 
No more than once in each Financial Year the Security Group Agent must give a presentation upon reasonable 
notice and at a reasonable time to the Secured Creditors about the on-going business and financial performance 
of the Security Group. A presentation under this paragraph may: 
(a) 
be delivered by the Security Group Agent in London or Stockholm; and/or 
(b) 
be held by way of conference call, 
at the Security Group Agent’s sole discretion. 
Investor Report 
The Security Group Agent shall, with each set of Financial Statements, supply to each Information Covenant 
Agent in sufficient copies for all of the Secured Creditors (other than the Bondholders), an Investor Report. 
Each Investor Report must include: 
(a) 
Default Ratios and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; 
(b) 
a general update of the status of the business; 
(c) 
confirmation of the amount of any Restricted Payment made since the date of the previous 
Investor Report; and 
(d) 
confirmation that: 
(i) 
the Investor Report is accurate in all material respects; and

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(ii) 
no Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default or Trigger 
Event has occurred and is continuing, steps (which shall be specified) are being taken to 
remedy such Default or Trigger Event. 
Year-end 
No Obligor nor any member of the Security Group may change its Financial Year-end if: 
(a) 
such change could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(b) 
each Information Covenant Agent has not received, at the cost and expense of such member of 
the Security Group, such information as it reasonably deems necessary or expedient to enable it 
to make an accurate comparison between any financial statements previously received; and 
(c) 
following such change: 
(i) 
the results of the Lock-Up Tests will be worse than those shown in the Compliance 
Certificate delivered immediately prior to the date of such change; and 
(ii) 
the basis for the calculation of the financial ratios by reference to the Relevant Periods 
will be amended in such a way as adversely affects the interests of the Secured Creditors. 
Additional Information Covenants added pursuant to the Deed Poll 
Pursuant to the Deed Poll, the following additional information covenants were deemed incorporated into the 
CTA:  
(a) 
Each set of financial statements shall be prepared using the Accounting Principles, accounting 
practices and financial reference periods consistent with those applied in the preparation of the 
Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31 December 2015 for that Obligor unless, in 
relation to any other set of Financial Statements, the Security Group Agent: (I) notifies each 
Information Covenant Agent that there has been a change in the Accounting Principles or the 
accounting practices and its Auditors (or, if appropriate, the Auditors of the Obligor) and (II) 
delivers to the Security Trustee sufficient information, in form and substance as may be 
reasonably required by the Security Trustee, to enable the Secured Creditors to determine whether 
the Total Lock-Up Tests have been satisfied. 
(b) 
Each Compliance Certificate shall set out (in reasonable detail) the Total Interest Cover Ratio and 
the Total Lock-Up Tests and, in each case, calculations thereof. 
(c) 
Each Investor Report must include the Total Default Ratio and calculations thereof in reasonable 
detail. 
(d) 
No Obligor nor any member of the Security Group may change its Financial Year if following 
such change:  
(i) 
the results of the Total Lock-Up Tests will be worse than those shown in the Compliance 
Certificate delivered immediately prior to the date of such change; and  
(ii) 
the basis for the calculation of the financial ratios by reference to the Total Relevant 
Periods will be amended in such a way as adversely affects the interests of the Secured 
Creditors. 
Information: miscellaneous 
So far as permitted by any applicable law, regulation, order, or any binding confidentiality obligations, the 
Security Group Agent shall supply to the Information Covenant Agents:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(a) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of them, the details of any litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current, threatened in writing or pending 
against any Obligor, which are reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if adversely 
determined, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(b) 
promptly on request, such information as the Security Trustee may reasonably require about the 
Charged Property and compliance of the Obligors with the terms of any Security Documents; 
(c) 
promptly, details of the loss or modification of any Concession or any material Authorisation 
which could have a Material Adverse Effect or any formal communication from the Ei regarding 
any potential or threatened loss or modification of a Concession or any material Authorisation 
which could have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(d) 
promptly, any formal communication from the Ei regarding (i) any change to any Regulatory 
Consent for any Concession or any material Authorisation or (ii) any corrective actions plan 
required by the Ei to be carried out, which, in each case, is reasonably likely to be made and if 
made would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(e) 
details of any violation of any Sanctions, as soon as reasonably practicable following such 
violation provided that the Issuer (or relevant member of the Group) shall be permitted, prior to 
notification, to first notify the relevant body, agency, regulatory authority or equivalent 
organisation (each, a “Regulator”) which regulates such relevant Sanctions (such notification to 
be made as soon as reasonably practicable taking into account any disclosure obligations under 
applicable law or regulation). To the extent that such Regulator imposes confidentiality 
restrictions, the Issuer (or the relevant member of the Group) shall not be required to notify the 
Security Trustee to the extent it would contravene such confidentiality restrictions, provided that 
the Issuer (or the relevant member of the Group) shall use reasonable endeavours to remove such 
restrictions; 
(f) 
promptly upon receipt by the Security Group Agent, details of any Rating or change in any Rating; 
and/ or 
(g) 
such material information regarding the financial condition, business and operations of any 
member of the Security Group as is reasonably requested by the Security Trustee (on the 
instructions of the Qualifying Secured Creditors holding at least 20 per cent. of the Qualifying 
Senior Debt, provided that, at any time when no Event of Default has occurred and is subsisting, 
a maximum of one such request for information may be made in any 12-month period. 
The provision of any information under this paragraph is, in each case, subject in each case to any binding duty 
of confidentiality and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions or restrictions imposed by any Ei, provided 
that the relevant Obligor shall use its reasonable endeavours to obtain the consent of the Ei to disclose such 
information on the basis that it shall be kept confidential by any recipient for so long as such information 
remains confidential or commercially sensitive. 
Notification of default or Trigger Event 
Each Obligor shall notify the Security Trustee of any Default or Trigger Event (and the steps, if any, being taken 
to remedy it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence (unless that Obligor is aware that a notification 
has already been provided to the Security Trustee by another Obligor). 
“Know your customer” checks 
(a) 
If:

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
(i) 
the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application 
of) any law or regulation made after the date of the CTA; 
(ii) 
any change in the status of an Obligor or the composition of the direct or indirect 
shareholders of an Obligor after the date of the CTA; or 
(iii) 
a proposed assignment or transfer by a Secured Creditor of any of its rights and/or 
obligations under any Finance Document to a party that is not a Secured Creditor prior to 
such assignment or transfer, 
obliges any Authorised Credit Provider or its agent (or in the case of paragraph (iii) above, any 
prospective new Authorised Credit Provider) to comply with “know your customer” or similar 
identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, 
each Obligor shall promptly upon the request of any Authorised Credit Provider or its agent supply, or 
procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the relevant 
Authorised Credit Provider’s agent (for itself or on behalf of any prospective new Authorised Credit 
Provider) or any Authorised Credit Provider (for itself or, in the case of the event described in paragraph 
(iii) above, on behalf of any prospective new Authorised Credit Provider) in order for the Authorised 
Credit Provider’s agent, such Authorised Credit Provider or, in the case of the event described in 
paragraph (iii) above, any prospective new Authorised Credit Provider to carry out and be satisfied it 
has complied with all necessary “know your customer” or other similar checks under all applicable laws 
and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents. 
(b) 
Each Secured Creditor shall promptly supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and 
other evidence as is reasonably requested by its agent (for itself) in order for such agent to carry 
out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary “know your customer” or other similar 
checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the 
Finance Documents. 
(c) 
The Security Group Agent shall, by not less than 10 Business Days’ prior written notice to the 
Secured Creditor, notify the Secured Creditor of its intention to request that a member of the 
Security Group becomes an Additional Obligor pursuant to Clause 1.5 (Obligors) of the CTA. 
(d) 
Following the giving of any notice pursuant to the paragraph (c) above, if the accession of such 
Additional Obligor obliges any Secured Creditor to comply with “know your customer” or similar 
identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already 
available to it, the Security Group Agent shall promptly upon the request of such Secured Creditor 
supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably 
requested by such Secured Creditor or any Secured Creditor (for itself or on behalf of any 
prospective new Secured Creditor) in order for the Secured Creditor or any prospective new 
Secured Creditor to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary “know your 
customer” or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the 
accession of such Subsidiary to the CTA as an Additional Obligor. 
No Personal liability 
No director, officer or employee of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries shall be personally liable for any 
statement made by or on behalf of the relevant member of the Security Group in any certificate or document 
delivered to any Secured Creditors pursuant to the Finance Documents or any misrepresentation by any Obligor, 
member of the Security Group or any of their Subsidiaries, unless such statement or misrepresentation was 
attributable to the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such director, officer or employee. Such director,

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
officer or employee will be entitled to enforce the provisions of this covenant for the purposes of Clause 21.4 
(Third party rights) of the CTA. 
General Covenants 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
Authorisations 
Each Obligor shall promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect, 
and upon request supply certified copies to the Security Trustee of any material Authorisation required under 
any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to: 
(a) 
enable it to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
subject to the Legal Reservations and, in the case of the Security Documents, the Perfection 
Requirements, ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any 
Finance Document; and 
(c) 
carry on the Permitted Business, 
in each case, where failure to do so has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
Compliance with laws 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each member of the Security Group shall) 
comply in all respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply has or is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
Environmental Compliance 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each member of the Security Group will): 
(a) 
comply with Environmental Laws; 
(b) 
obtain, maintain and ensure compliance with all requisite Environmental Permits; and 
(c) 
implement procedures to monitor compliance with and to prevent liability under any 
Environmental Law, 
where failure to do so has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
Environmental claims 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each member of the Security Group shall), 
promptly upon becoming aware of the same, inform the Security Trustee and the Secured Creditor 
Representative of any Environmental Claim against any member of the Security Group which is current, 
pending or threatened in writing and any facts or circumstances which are reasonably likely to result in any 
Environmental Claim being commenced or threatened against any member of the Security Group, where the 
claim is reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if adversely determined against that member of the 
Security Group has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
Anti-corruption law 
(a) 
No Obligor shall (and the Issuer shall ensure that no other member of the Group will) directly or 
indirectly use any part of the proceeds of the Authorised Credit Facilities for any purpose which 
would breach the Bribery Act 2010, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or 
other similar legislation in other jurisdictions.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
(b) 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each other member of the 
Group will) conduct its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, and 
maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each member of the Security 
Group will) pay and discharge all Taxes imposed upon it or its assets within the time period 
allowed without incurring penalties unless and only to the extent that: 
(i) 
such payment is being contested in good faith, 
(ii) 
adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest 
them; and 
(iii) 
such payment can be lawfully withheld and failure to pay those Taxes does not have, or is 
not reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
(b) 
No member of the Security Group may change its residence for Tax purposes. 
(c) 
No Obligor shall enter into arrangements with any other company or person which results in any 
Obligor becoming a member of any VAT Group. 
Restrictions on business focus 
Merger 
No Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the Security Group will) 
enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation or corporate reconstruction other than a Permitted 
Transaction or any disposal permitted pursuant to paragraph 15 (Disposals) of Part 3, Schedule 2 of the CTA. 
Change of business 
The Security Group Agent shall procure that no member of the Security Group shall carry on any business other 
than the Permitted Business. 
Acquisitions 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group will): 
(a) 
acquire a company or any shares or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in 
any of them); or 
(b) 
incorporate a company. 
This paragraph does not apply to an acquisition of a company of shares, securities or a business or undertaking 
(or, in any case, any interest of them) or the incorporation of a company which is a Permitted Acquisition of 
Permitted Transaction. 
Joint Ventures 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group will): 
(a) 
enter into, invest in or acquire (or agree to acquire) any shares, stocks, securities or other interest 
in any Joint Venture; or

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(b) transfer any assets or lend to or guarantee or give an indemnity for or give Security for the 
obligations of a Joint Venture or maintain the solvency of or provide working capital to any Joint 
Venture (or agree to do any of the foregoing). 
This paragraph does not apply to any acquisition of (or agreement to acquire) any interest in a Joint Venture or 
transfer of assets (or agreement to transfer assets) to a Joint Venture or loan made to or guarantee given in 
respect of the obligations of a Joint Venture if such transaction is a Permitted Acquisition, a Permitted Disposal, 
a Permitted Loan or to a Permitted Joint Venture. 
Holding Companies 
Except as may arise under or in connection with the Finance Documents, the Parent shall not trade, carry on 
any business, own any assets or incur any liabilities except for: 
(a) the provision of administrative services to other members of the Security Group of a type 
customarily provided by a Holding Company to its Subsidiaries and any liabilities incurred in 
connection therewith and any liabilities under any employment, service or consultancy 
agreements with any director or senior management or under any insurance agreements for any 
member of the Security Group; 
(b) ownership of shares in its Subsidiaries; 
(c) intra-Group debit balances, intra-Group credit balances and other credit balances in bank accounts, 
cash and Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(d) in respect of assets, liabilities and the performance of obligations contemplated under the Finance 
Documents to which it is a party and Taxes, professional fees and administration costs in the 
ordinary course of business as a Holding Company and any liabilities arising by operation of law; 
(e) in connection with: 
(i) 
the making or receipt of payments in respect of any Permitted Distribution; 
(ii) the making or receipt of payments in respect of any New Shareholder Injection; 
(iii) any Permitted Loan; and 
(f) 
the issuance of any Permitted Share Issue. 
Restrictions on dealing with assets and Security 
Preservation of assets 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each other member of the Security Group 
shall) maintain in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) all of its assets necessary 
in the conduct of the Permitted Business where failure to do so has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material 
Adverse Effect. 
Pari passu ranking 
Subject to the Legal Reservations and, in the case of the Security Documents, the Perfection Requirements each 
Obligor shall ensure that at all times any unsecured and unsubordinated claims of a Secured Creditor against it 
under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general 
application to companies.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Negative pledge 
(a) Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other 
member of the Security Group shall) create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets. 
(b) No Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the Security 
Group shall): 
(i) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be 
leased to or re-acquired by an Obligor or any other member of the Security Group; 
(ii) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms; 
(iii) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account 
may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or 
(iv) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect, 
in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial 
Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset.  
This paragraph does not apply to any Security or (as the case may be) Quasi-Security, which is Permitted 
Security or a Permitted Transaction. 
Disposals 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group shall) enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and 
whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any asset. This paragraph does 
not apply to any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal which is a Permitted Disposal, a Permitted Transaction or 
a Permitted Distribution. 
Arm’s length basis 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group shall) enter into any transaction with any person except on arm’s length terms. This paragraph 
does not apply to transactions of the following nature: 
(a) any transactions in respect of Subordinated Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities; 
(b) intra-group loans permitted under paragraph 17 (Loans or credit) of Part 3 (General Covenants) of 
Schedule 2 of the CTA; 
(c) intra-group acquisitions permitted under paragraph 9 (Acquisitions) of Part 3 (General Covenants) 
of Schedule 2 of the CTA; 
(d) intra-group disposals permitted under paragraph 15 (Disposals) of Part 3 (General Covenants) of 
Schedule 2 of the CTA; 
(e) fees, costs and expenses payable under the Finance Documents in the amounts set out in the Finance 
Documents; 
(f) 
any Permitted Transaction or Permitted Distribution; or 
(g) any Debt Purchase Transaction which is permitted in any Authorised Credit Facility; and 
(h) transactions between members of the Group which are permitted by the terms of the Common 
Documents.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Restrictions on movement of cash 
Loans or credit 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group shall) be a creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness. This paragraph does not apply to 
a Permitted Loan or a Permitted Transaction. 
No guarantees or indemnities 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group shall) incur or allow to remain outstanding any guarantee in respect of any obligation of any 
person. This paragraph does not apply to a guarantee which is a Permitted Guarantee or Permitted Transaction. 
Distributions 
Except as permitted, neither the Parent nor the Security Group Agent shall (and the Security Group Agent shall 
ensure that no other member of the Security Group shall): 
(a) declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid 
dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its 
share capital (or any class of its share capital); 
(b) repay or distribute any dividend or share premium reserve; 
(c) redeem, repurchase, defease, retire or repay any of its share capital or resolve to do so; 
(d) repay or prepay any principal amount (or capitalised interest) outstanding in respect of 
Subordinated Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities; 
(e) pay any interest, fee or charge accrued or any other amounts due or payable in respect of 
Subordinated Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities; 
(f) 
purchase, redeem, defease or discharge any amount outstanding in respect of Subordinated 
Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities; 
(g) make any loan to or to the order of any direct or indirect shareholder of the Parent or any Holding 
Company of the Parent; or 
(h) pay (or allow any other member of the Security Group to pay) any management, advisory or other 
fee or payment to or to the order of any of the Investors or any Affiliate of any Investor or any 
other direct or indirect shareholders (or any of their Affiliates) of the Parent, 
This paragraph does not apply to a Permitted Distribution or a Permitted Transaction (other than one referred 
to in paragraph (c) of the definition of that term). 
Maturity concentration 
From the date falling 24 months after the Closing Date, no Obligor may incur (other than in respect of drawings 
under Class A Capex Facility, Class B Capex Facility or WC Facility) any Financial Indebtedness or change the 
scheduled maturity date (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to any mandatory prepayment 
covenant or undertaking otherwise permitted) if as a result of doing so there would fall due in any period of 36 
months, an aggregate principal amount (including accretions by indexation of the notional amount under any 
Hedging Agreement and excluding other scheduled payments (other than any mandatory breaks) under any 
Hedging Agreement which has not crystallised) in excess of 50 per cent. of Class A Net Debt at the relevant 
time.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Financial Indebtedness 
Except as permitted, no Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the 
Security Group shall) incur or allow to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness. This paragraph does not 
apply to Financial Indebtedness which is Permitted Financial Indebtedness or a Permitted Transaction. 
Share capital 
No Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the Security Group shall) 
issue any shares except pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or a Permitted Transaction. 
Miscellaneous 
Insurance 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each other member of the Security Group 
shall) maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets with reputable independent insurance 
companies or underwriters against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same 
or substantially similar business. 
Access 
If an Event of Default is continuing, each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each 
member of the Security Group shall), to the extent it is able to do so under existing contractual arrangements 
and applicable law, permit the Security Trustee and/or accountants or other professional advisers and contractors 
of the Security Trustee access during normal business hours and on reasonable notice to: 
(a) the premises, assets, books, accounts and records of each member of the Security Group; and 
(b) meet and discuss matters with senior management of the Security Group and its Auditors. 
Intellectual Property 
Each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that each member of the Security Group shall): 
(a) preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property necessary for the 
business of the relevant member of the Security Group; 
(b) use reasonable endeavours to prevent any infringement in any material respect of such Intellectual 
Property; 
(c) make registrations and pay all registration fees and taxes necessary to maintain such Intellectual 
Property in full force and effect and record its interest in that Intellectual Property; 
(d) not use or permit such Intellectual Property to be used in a way or take any step or omit to take any 
step in respect of that Intellectual Property which may materially and adversely affect the 
existence or value of the Intellectual Property or imperil the right of the relevant member of the 
Security Group to use such property; and 
(e) not discontinue the use of such Intellectual Property, 
where failure to do so, in the case of paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, or, in the case of paragraphs (iv) and (v) 
above, such use, permission to use, omission or discontinuation, is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.  
Failure to comply with any part of this covenant will not result in a breach to the extent that any dealing with 
Intellectual Property which would otherwise be a breach is contemplated by the definition of “Permitted 
Transaction”.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Amendments 
No Obligor shall and the Security Group Agent shall ensure that no other member of the Security Group shall 
amend, vary, novate, supplement, supersede, waive or terminate any term of a Finance Document other than in 
accordance with the provisions of the STID and its own terms. 
Treasury Transactions 
(a) No Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall procure that no other member of the Security 
Group shall) enter into any Treasury Transaction, other than any hedging arrangements entered into 
in accordance with the Hedging Policy. 
(b) Each member of the Security Group shall comply with the Hedging Policy. 
Guarantors 
Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Issuer shall ensure that within 30 days of the date of delivery of 
each Compliance Certificate in accordance with Clause 3 (Provision and contents of Compliance Certificate) 
of Part 2 (Information Covenants) of Schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) of the CTA (or, if earlier, the latest 
date for delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate under such provision), the aggregate of earnings before 
interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as Consolidated EBITDA) of the 
Guarantors and the Issuer, the aggregate gross assets and the aggregate turnover of the Guarantors and the Issuer 
(in each case calculated on an unconsolidated basis and excluding all intra-group items and investments in 
Subsidiaries of any member of the Security Group) represent not less than 85 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA, 
consolidated gross assets and consolidated turnover of the Security Group (tested by reference to the most recent 
Financial Statements delivered pursuant to paragraph 1 (Financial statements) of Part 2 (Information Covenants) 
of Schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) of the CTA. 
Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Issuer shall accede to the Common Documents as a Guarantor in 
accordance with the STID on or prior to the date on which any company (other than the Issuer but including an 
Additional Holdco or Finco) first becomes a borrower, issuer or an additional borrower entitled to borrow any 
Secured Debt in accordance with the relevant terms of one or more Authorised Credit Facilities and accedes to 
the STID as an Additional Obligor. 
Centre of main interests and establishments 
Each Obligor shall procure that, for the purposes of The Council of the European Union Regulation No. 
1346\2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (the “Regulation”), its centre of main interest (as that term is used in 
Article 3(1) of the Regulation) is situated in its jurisdiction of incorporation and it has no “establishment” as 
that term is used in Article 2(h) of the Regulation in any other jurisdiction. 
Further assurance 
(a) Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall 
ensure that each other member of the Security Group shall) promptly do all such acts or execute 
all such documents (including assignments, transfers, mortgages, charges, notices and 
instructions) as the Security Trustee may reasonably specify (and in such form as the Security 
Trustee may reasonably require in favour of the Security Trustee or its nominee(s)): 
(i) 
to perfect the Security created or intended to be created under or evidenced by the Security 
Documents (which may include the execution of a mortgage, pledge, assignment or other 
Security over all or any of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of the 
Borrower Security) or for the exercise of any rights, powers and remedies of the Security 
Trustee or the Secured Creditors provided by or pursuant to the Finance Documents or by 
law;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(ii) to confer on the Security Trustee or the Secured Creditors, Security over any property and 
assets of that Obligor located in any jurisdiction equivalent or similar to the Security 
intended to be conferred by or pursuant to the Security Documents; and/or 
(iii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default to facilitate the realisation of the assets 
which are, or are intended to be, the subject of the Borrower Security. 
(b) Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, each Obligor shall (and the Security Group Agent shall 
ensure that each other member of the Security Group shall) take all such action as is available to 
it (including making all filings and registrations) as may be necessary for the purpose of the 
creation, perfection, protection or maintenance of any Security conferred or intended to be 
conferred on the Security Trustee or the Secured Creditors by or pursuant to the Secured Creditors. 
Transfers of Concessions 
Notwithstanding any other term of the CTA, no Obligor shall sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any 
Concession, except for: (i) any Permitted Disposal, (ii) any sale, lease, transfer or disposal to another Obligor, 
(iii) any merger of a Concession with another Concession held by an Obligor; or (iv) any disposal (including a 
termination) of a Concession in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Obligor. 
Sanctions 
In relation to Sanctions: 
(a) The Issuer and the Parent shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to 
ensure compliance by it and its Subsidiaries with applicable Sanctions. 
(b) The Issuer shall not request a Utilisation, nor use, and shall procure that no member of the Group 
and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall use, the proceeds of any 
Utilisation: 
(i) 
for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of 
or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such action is 
prohibited by, or would itself cause any member of the Security Group to be in breach of 
Sanctions; or 
(ii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any Party 
hereto. 
(c) The Security Group Agent shall, and shall procure that each other member of the Group shall, 
ensure that: 
(i) 
no person that is a Sanctioned Person shall have any legal or beneficial interest in any funds 
repaid or remitted by the Issuer to any Authorised Credit Provider in connection with the 
Authorised Credit Facilities; and 
(ii) it shall not use any funds paid to it by a Sanctioned Person (other than deriving from such 
person prior to it being a Sanctioned Person) for the purpose of discharging amounts owing 
to an Authorised Credit Provider in respect of the Authorised Credit Facilities. 
(d) The Security Group Agent shall, and shall procure that each member of the Group shall, implement 
and maintain appropriate safeguards designed to prevent any action that would be contrary to this 
covenant.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(e) The Security Group Agent shall, and shall procure that each other member of the Group shall, 
promptly upon becoming aware of the same, supply to the Security Trustee details of any claim, 
action, suit, proceedings or investigation against it with respect to Sanctions. 
(f) 
The undertakings contained in this covenant shall only be complied with by a Person (as such term 
is defined in paragraph 28.1 (Sanctions) of Part 1 (General) of Schedule 1 (Security Group 
Representations) of the CTA) or (as applicable) be applied for the benefit of a Restricted Secured 
Creditor to the extent that they do not result in (i) any violation of or conflict with or liability 
under EU Regulation (EC) 2271/96; (ii) violation of or conflict with or liability under section 7 
of the German Foreign Trade Regulation (Außenwirtschaftsverordnung) (in conjunction with 
section 4 and sections 19 paragraph 3 no.1 a) of the German Foreign Trade and Payments Act 
(Außenwirtschaftsgesetz) or a similar anti-boycott statute by that Person (as such term is defined 
in paragraph 28.1 (Sanctions) of Part 1 (General) of Schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) 
of the CTA) or that Restricted Secured Creditor (as applicable). In connection with any 
amendment, waiver, determination or direction relating to any part of this paragraph of which a 
Restricted Secured Creditor does not have the benefit, the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
Qualifying Senior Debt owed to that Restricted Secured Creditor will be excluded for the purpose 
of determining whether the consent of the Majority Secured Creditors has been obtained or 
whether the determination or direction by the Majority Secured Creditors has been made. 
Independent director 
Each of the Issuer and the Parent shall have at least one independent director at all times. 
Secured Debt 
If, in respect of any Relevant Period, 
(a) Consolidated EBITDA is increased as a result of any Debt Purchase Transaction under any 
Authorised Credit Facility Agreement by a member of the Security Group; or 
(b) Net Finance Charges are decreased as a result of any Debt Purchase Transaction under any 
Authorised Credit Facility Agreement by a member of the Security Group, 
then the relevant member of the Security Group to whom Secured Debt is owed as a result of the Debt Purchase 
Transaction may not dispose of such Secured Debt until the date falling 12 months after the Calculation Date 
in respect of which the increase in Consolidated EBITDA and/or decrease in Net Finance Charges (as applicable) 
was calculated. 
Amendments to constitutional documents 
No Obligor may change its constitutional documents without the Security Trustee’s consent if such change 
would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or otherwise materially prejudice the security 
interests created by the Security Documents (provided that any amendment to increase the authorised share 
capital of an Obligor shall be deemed not to have a Material Adverse Effect or to be otherwise materially 
prejudicial to the security interests created by the Security Documents). 
Additional General Covenants added pursuant to the Deed Poll 
Pursuant to the Deed Poll, the following additional general covenants were deemed incorporated into the CTA:  
(a) The Issuer and the Parent shall not incur any Class B LF Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness (other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or where the Financial 
Indebtedness is to be used to fund Capital Expenditure) unless it has delivered to the Security 
Trustee a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer confirming that no Total Lock-Up Event

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
would occur as a result of the incurrence of such Class B LF Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness. 
(b) The Issuer and the Parent shall not incur any Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness 
(other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or where the Financial Indebtedness is 
to be used to fund Capital Expenditure) unless it has delivered to the Security Trustee a certificate 
signed by a director of the Issuer confirming that no Total Lock-Up Event would occur as a result 
of the incurrence of such Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness.  
(c) The Issuer and the Parent shall not acquire any company or shares in any company or Joint Venture, 
the principal business of which falls within paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of “Permitted 
Business” if a Total Lock-Up Event is continuing on the closing date for the acquisition or would 
occur as a result of the acquisition. 
Trigger Events 
The CTA also sets out certain Trigger Events. The specific Trigger Events and the consequences which flow 
from the occurrence of those events are set out below. 
(a) 
Class A Liquidity Required Amount 
The sum of the amount available under a Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time and any 
amount credited to a Class A Debt Service Reserve Account is, in aggregate, less than the Class A 
Liquidity Required Amount. 
(b) 
Class B Liquidity Required Amount 
The sum of the amount available under a Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time and any 
amount credited to the Class B Debt Service Reserve Account is, in aggregate, less than the Class B 
Liquidity Required Amount. 
(c) 
Financial ratios 
(i) 
A Compliance Certificate, delivered in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, 
certifies that the Lock-Up Tests have not been satisfied in respect of the most recent 
Calculation Date.  
(ii) Pursuant to the Deed Poll and its incorporation into the CTA, a Compliance Certificate, 
delivered in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, certifies that the Total 
Lock-Up Tests have not been satisfied in respect of the most recent Calculation Date. 
(d) 
Liquidity for Capital Expenditure and Working Capital 
If, as at any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s operating cashflows available or forecast to be available to meet its Capital 
Expenditure and working capital requirements for the next 12 months; and 
(ii) amounts available to be drawn in the next 12 month period under the relevant Class A Capex 
Facility, Class B Capex Facility and the WC Facility, 
is less than the aggregate of the forecast Capital Expenditure and working capital requirements projected 
for the next 12 months.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
(e) 
Amendment of Concession 
The Ei gives the Issuer notice of any actual modification of a Concession which has, or would reasonably 
be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect or result in: 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio being less than the Default Ratio; 
(ii) the Senior Leverage Ratio being greater than the Default Ratio; or 
(iii) the Total Leverage Ratio being greater than the Default Ratio. 
(f) 
Redemption of electricity system 
The Issuer receives written notice from the Ei or a competent court of law, pursuant to which the Swedish 
government shall be entitled to redeem (Sw. inlösen) the entire electricity system of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Swedish Act on the Special Administration of Certain Electrical Facilities (Sw. lag 
(2004:875) om särskild förvaltning av vissa elektriska anläggningar) and where such redemption is 
reasonably likely to occur and would have, or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect, until such time as the compensation received from such redemption is sufficient to fully repay 
the Secured Debt and will be applied by the Issuer in prepayment of the Secured Debt promptly upon 
receipt. 
(g) 
Adverse Legislation 
Any government bill (Sw. proposition) is presented to the Swedish Parliament (Sw. Riksdagen) which 
is likely to be approved by the Swedish Parliament and, if approved and enacted or otherwise brought 
into force as law or regulation, would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
or result in: 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio being less than the Default Ratio; 
(ii) the Senior Leverage Ratio being greater than the Default Ratio; or 
(iii) the Total Leverage Ratio being greater than the Default Ratio. 
(h) 
Drawdown on Class A Liquidity Facility 
There is a drawdown (other than a Standby Drawing) under a Class A Liquidity Facility or drawing from 
a Class A Debt Service Reserve Account, respectively, or a Class A Liquidity Standby Account, if the 
withdrawal of such amount is for the purposes of making scheduled debt service payments on the Class 
A Debt. 
(i) 
Drawdown on Class B Liquidity Facility 
There is a drawdown (other than a Standby Drawing) under a Class B Liquidity Facility or drawing from 
a Class B Debt Service Reserve Account, respectively, or a Class B Liquidity Standby Account, if the 
withdrawal of such amount is for the purposes of making scheduled debt service payments on the Class 
B Debt. 
(j) 
Event of Default 
The occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing. 
(k) 
Rating downgrade 
The Issuer (or the Class A Rated Debt issued by the Issuer) no longer retain(s) an Investment Grade 
rating or there is no Rating.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
(l) 
Super Senior Hedging Agreements 
(i) 
on any Calculation Date, the aggregate original notional amount of any Super Senior 
Hedging Agreements is greater than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
Secured Debt outstanding as at the most recent Calculation Date;  
(ii) on any Calculation Date, the aggregate mark to market value of any Super Senior Hedging 
Agreements is greater than 8 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Secured Debt 
outstanding as at the most recent Calculation Date; or 
(iii) on any Calculation Date, the aggregate amount of all accretions by indexation to the 
aggregate original notional amount of any Super Senior Hedging Agreements the hedge 
payments of which are made by reference to inflation is greater than 6 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of Secured Debt outstanding as at the most recent Calculation 
Date. 
(m) 
Auditor qualification 
The Auditors qualify the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (if the 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent are to be provided in accordance with paragraph 
1.1(ii) of Part 2 (Information Covenants) of Schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) of the CTA) the 
Parent, and such qualification has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event gives rise to consequences including: a block on Restricted Payments, 
requirements for the Security Group to provide the Security Trustee with written proposals (including any 
proposed communication with the Ei if related to the amendment of Concessions) for a remedy and a specified 
timeframe and, in any event, requirements for meetings to be held between the Security Trustee and the Security 
Group and representatives of the Secured Creditors if requested by the Security Trustee (acting reasonably) in 
order to discuss the ramifications of the Trigger Event and plan for a remedy and an obligation on the Security 
Group to provide further information to the Security Trustee as reasonably requested regarding a Trigger Event 
provided that the relevant Obligor shall use its reasonable obligations to obtain the consent of any Ei to 
disclosure such information if no longer confidential or commercially sensitive. 
Trigger Event Remedies 
At any time when an Obligor believes that a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of the events or actions 
as set out in Part 3 (Trigger Event Remedies) Schedule 3 (Trigger Events) of the CTA, it must serve notice on 
the Security Trustee (signed by two directors) to that effect. The Security Trustee must, provided the notice 
requests the same, respond within 10 days (or such longer period as it may reasonably agree with the relevant 
Obligor (as the case may be)) confirming that the relevant Trigger Event has, in its reasonable opinion, been 
remedied or setting out its reasons for believing that such Trigger Event has not been remedied (in which case, 
such event will continue to be a Trigger Event until such time as the Security Trustee is reasonably satisfied 
that the Trigger Event has been remedied). 
Events of Default 
The CTA contains (including but not limited to) the following events of default (other than paragraph (p) (Equity 
Cure)) which together constitute the “Events of Default” under each Finance Document other than any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement and any Hedging Agreement (subject, in some cases, to agreed exceptions, 
materiality qualifications, reservations of law and grace periods), each one being an “Event of Default”:

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(a) 
Non Payment 
An Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents at the 
place at and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless: (a) its failure to pay is caused 
by administrative or technical error or a Disruption Event; and (b) payment is made within three Business 
Days of the due date. 
(b) 
Breach of Financial Covenant 
Any requirement of Part 1 (Financial condition) of Schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) of the CTA 
is not satisfied, provided that no Event of Default under this paragraph will occur if the breach is 
remedied in the manner and within the time periods specified in paragraph 16 (Equity Cure) of Schedule 
4 (Events of Default) of the CTA. 
(c) 
Other Obligations 
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents (other than those referred to 
in: (i) paragraph 1 (Non-payment) of Schedule 4 of the CTA; and (ii) Part 1 (Financial Covenants) of 
Schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) of the CTA). 
No Event of Default under paragraph 3.1 of Schedule 4 (Events of Default) of the CTA will occur if the 
failure to comply is capable of remedy and is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of (i) the 
Security Trustee giving notice to the Security Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (ii) the Security 
Group Agent or an Obligor becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
(d) 
Misrepresentation 
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by an Obligor in the Finance Documents 
or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance 
Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or 
deemed to be made. 
Other than in respect of a breach of paragraphs 17 (Anti-corruption law) and 28 (Sanctions) of 1 (General) 
of Schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) of the CTA, no Event of Default under paragraph 4.1 of 
Schedule 4 (Events of Default) of the CTA will occur if the event or circumstance giving rise to the 
breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of (i) the Security 
Trustee giving notice to the Security Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (ii) the Security Group Agent 
or an Obligor becoming aware of the event or circumstance. 
(e) 
Cross default 
Any Financial Indebtedness (other than any financial accommodation pursuant to a Finance Document) 
of any member of the Security Group is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace 
period. 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Security Group is declared to be or otherwise becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
Any creditor of any member of the Security Group becomes entitled to declare any Financial 
Indebtedness of any member of the Security Group due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a 
result of an event of default (however described). 
No Event of Default will occur under this paragraph if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness 
or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs 5.1 to 5.3 of Schedule 4 (Event of 
Default) of the CTA is less than SEK400,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies).

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
For the purpose of this paragraph, “Financial Indebtedness” does not include any Subordinated 
Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities of any member of the Security Group. 
(f) 
Insolvency 
Any Obligor or member of the Security Group is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall 
due, suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or 
anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more classes of its creditors 
(excluding any Finance Party in its capacity as such) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness. 
The paragraph above shall not apply if the relevant indebtedness arises in connection with any 
Subordinated Liabilities (as defined in the STID) or Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities (as defined in 
the STID). 
A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor or member of the Security Group. 
(g) 
Insolvency Proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal procedure or formal step is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of 
arrangement or otherwise) of any Obligor or member of the Security Group; 
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any Obligor or 
member of the Security Group other than a composition, compromise, assignment or 
arrangement with respect to any Subordinated Liabilities or Subordinated Intragroup 
Liabilities; 
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager or other similar officer in respect of any Obligor or member of the Security Group; 
or 
(iv) enforcement of any Security over any assets of any Obligor or member of the Security 
Group having an aggregate value of SEK200,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currency) 
or more, 
or any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction. 
The above shall not apply: 
 
any winding-up petition which is: (A) being contested in good faith by any Obligor or (B) 
frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of commencement; 
 
any step or procedure contemplated by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Permitted Transaction”; 
or 
 
in respect of any such action, legal proceedings or step over or relating to assets, the aggregate 
value of which does not exceed SEK250,000,000. 
(h) 
Creditors’ process 
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Obligor having an aggregate value of SEK200,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any currency) or more and is not discharged within 30 days.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(i) 
Unlawfulness and Invalidity 
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform any of its obligations under the Finance Documents 
or (subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements) any Borrower Security created 
or expressed to be created or evidenced by the Security Documents ceases to be effective or any 
subordination created under the STID is or becomes unlawful, in each case, in any respect which is 
material and adverse to the interests of the Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents (and, in 
relation to an obligation under a Common Document, which is material and adverse to the interests of 
the Secured Creditors taken as a whole). 
Any Finance Document ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms) or 
any Borrower Security or any subordination created under the STID ceases to be legal, valid, binding, 
enforceable or effective or is alleged by a party to it (other than a Finance Party) to be ineffective in any 
respect which is adverse to the interests of the Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents. 
Any material obligation or obligations of any Obligor under any Finance Documents are not (subject to 
the Legal Reservations and, in the case of the Security Documents, the Perfection Requirements) or 
cease to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable and the cessation, individually or cumulatively, materially 
adversely affects the interests of the Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents (and, in relation to 
an obligation under a Common Document, which is material and adverse to the interests of the Secured 
Creditors taken as a whole). 
No Event of Default under paragraph 9.1 or 9.3 of Schedule 4 (Events of Default) of the CTA will occur 
if the failure to comply is capable of remedy and is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of: 
(i) the Security Trustee giving notice to the relevant party and (ii) the relevant party becoming aware of 
the failure to comply. 
(j) 
Cessation of Business 
Any Obligor or member of the Security Group suspends or ceases to carry on (or threatens to suspend 
or cease to carry on) all or a material part of its business except as a result of a Permitted Disposal or a 
Permitted Transaction. 
(k) 
Change of ownership 
After the Closing Date, the Parent ceases to own at least the same percentage of shares in the Issuer as 
on the Closing Date, except as a result of a disposal which is a Permitted Transaction. 
(l) 
Expropriation 
The authority or ability of any Obligor to conduct its business is limited or wholly or substantially 
curtailed by any seizure, expropriation, nationalisation, intervention, restriction or other action by or on 
behalf of any governmental, regulatory or other authority or other person in relation to any Obligor or 
any of its assets where such action has a Material Adverse Effect. 
The paragraph above shall not apply to any expropriation or attachment which is discharged within 30 
days. 
(m) 
Repudiation and Rescission of Agreements 
An Obligor rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to repudiate a Finance Document or 
any of the Borrower Security or evidences an intention to rescind or repudiate a Common Document or 
any Borrower Security which is material and adverse to the interests of the Secured Creditors under the

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Finance Documents (and, in relation to an obligation under a Finance Document, which is material and 
adverse to the interests of the Secured Creditors taken as a whole). 
Any party to the STID (other than a Finance Party or an Obligor): 
(i) 
rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to repudiate any of those agreements 
or instruments in whole or in part; or 
(ii) fails to comply with the provisions of, or does not perform its obligations under, the STID, 
where such rescission, repudiation, non-compliance or non-performance, as the case may be, has or is 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Authorised Credit Providers under the 
Finance Documents. 
Any representation or warranty given by any party to the STID (other than a Finance Party or an Obligor) 
is incorrect in any material aspect. 
It shall not be an Event of Default under paragraphs 13.2 and 13.3 of Schedule 4 (Events of Default) of 
the CTA if the non-compliance or circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of 
remedy and are remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of the Security Trustee giving notice to 
that party or that party becoming aware of the non-compliance or misrepresentation. 
(n) 
Litigation 
Any litigation, arbitration, administrative, governmental, regulatory or other proceedings are 
commenced in relation to the Finance Documents or the transactions contemplated in the Finance 
Documents or against any Obligor which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so 
determined, is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(o) 
Authorisations 
Any Authorisation required for the Permitted Business is breached, cancelled, revoked or terminated 
without being replaced (if replacement is required) on comparable or more favourable terms (taking into 
account changes in the applicable regulatory regime since the Closing Date) or on terms which are not 
materially prejudicial to the Authorised Credit Providers and (other than in respect of the termination, 
cancellation or revocation of a Concession, unless in the ordinary course of business), such breach, 
termination, cancellation or revocation is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(p) 
Equity Cure 
The Common Terms Agreement also provides the right to Ellevio to provide or procure additional equity 
in order to remedy or prevent a breach of the ratios outlined in paragraph (b) above (the “Equity Cure 
Right”). The Obligors may not elect to exercise the Equity Cure Right: (a) more than three times over 
any period of five calendar years; and (b) in respect of consecutive Calculation Dates. The application 
of any additional equity shall: 
(a) in relation to the Senior Interest Cover Ratio, be: 
(i) 
added to the Funds from Operations for that Relevant Period; and 
(ii) included in the calculation of Funds from Operations on the subsequent Calculation Date; 
(b) in relation to the Senior Leverage Ratio and the Total Leverage Ratio, be subtracted from Class A 
Net Debt and Total Net Debt for that Relevant Period; and

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
in each case, shall be applied in prepayment or redemption to reduce outstanding amounts including 
accrued interest under any Class A Debt (excluding in each case make-whole amounts) and to meet any 
swap break costs which may become due to the Hedge Counterparties should one or more Hedging 
Transactions be terminated in accordance with paragraph 24 of Schedule 7 (Hedging Policy) of the CTA 
in connection with the exercise by the Obligors of an Equity Cure Right, and shall be applied, in each 
case, in the order of application determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. The Obligors may not 
elect to exercise the Equity Cure Right:  
(a) more than three times over any period of five calendar years; or 
(b) in respect of consecutive Calculation Dates. 
(q) 
New Financial Covenant 
Any requirement of the New Financial Covenant is not satisfied provided that no Event of Default under 
this paragraph will occur if the breach is remedied in the manner and within the periods specified in the 
following paragraph (r) (Total Equity Cure). 
(r) 
Total Equity Cure 
Pursuant to the Deed Poll and its incorporation into the CTA, the Issuer has a right (the “Total Equity 
Cure Right”) to prevent or cure the breach in paragraph (q) (New Financial Covenant) above by 
providing or procuring additional equity in an amount sufficient to cure or prevent such a breach less 
any equity cure amount applied pursuant to paragraph (p) (Equity Cure) above (the “Total Equity Cure 
Amount”). The Obligors may elect to exercise the Total Equity Cure Right no more than three times 
over a period of five years. The Obligors are not permitted to exercise the Total Equity Cure Right in 
respect of consecutive Calculation Dates.  
The application of the Total Equity Cure Amount shall, in relation to the Total Interest Cover Ratio, be:  
(a) (added to the Total Funds from Operations for that Total Relevant Period; and  
(b) included in the calculation of Total Funds from Operations on the subsequent Calculation Date;  
and in each case, shall be applied in prepayment or redemption to reduce outstanding amounts including 
accrued interest under any Class A Debt or any Class B Debt (excluding in each case make-whole 
amounts) and to meet any swap break costs which may become due to the Hedge Counterparties should 
one or more Hedging Transactions be terminated in accordance with paragraph 24 of Schedule 7 
(Hedging Policy) to the CTA in connection with the exercise by the Obligors of an Total Equity Cure 
Right, and shall be applied, in each case, in the order of application determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion provided that the Issuer may not prepay or redeem any outstanding amounts under any Class 
B Debt before the prepayment or redemption of Class A Debt. 
Upon the exercise of the Total Equity Cure Right, the Issuer is required to re-calculate the Total Interest 
Cover Ratio. If it is found that due to the application of the Total Equity Cure Amount, the breach has 
been prevented or cured, it is deemed that New Financial Covenant was complied with from the date of 
the Compliance Certificate that demonstrated such breach for that period. 
 
Hedging Policy 
The Obligors and members of the Security Group agree to be bound by a hedging policy set out in Schedule 7 
to the CTA (the “Hedging Policy”) the purpose of which is to limit the exposure of the Security Group to 
fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and inflation. The Hedging Policy is broadly divided into principles of

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
general application, principles applying to currency hedges, principles relating to interest rate hedging, 
principles relating to pre-hedges, underhedged positions and overhedged positions, principles relating to Hedge 
Counterparties and individual Hedging Agreements. 
General Principles 
The Hedging Policy allows any Obligor or member of the Security Group to enter into Treasury Transactions 
to which the Hedging Policy will not apply in order to manage risk inherent in its business or funding on a 
prudent basis. Where such Treasury Transaction(s) is not entered into by way of a Hedging Agreement, it is 
unsecured and the hedge counterparty does not accede to the STID, provided that: 
(a) the aggregate notional amount of such Treasury Transactions does not exceed SEK1 billion 
(Indexed); and 
(b) no such Treasury Transaction shall have a tenor of more than 4 years. 
The Hedging Policy will be reviewed from time to time by the Obligors and Security Group and may be 
amended as appropriate, including in order to meet the requirements of the Rating Agencies from time to time 
or to reflect derivatives-related regulatory requirements in accordance with the provisions of the STID. 
Additionally, no amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Hedging Agreement 
requires the consent of any party other than the affected Hedge Counterparty, provided that: (a) such amendment, 
waiver, modification or termination (as the case may be) does not result in any Obligor or member of the 
Security Group breaching the Hedging Policy; and (b) no additional consent would be required under the STID. 
Subject to the Entrenched Rights, no amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or in part) of 
the Hedging Policy necessary to meet the requirements of the Rating Agencies from time to time or to reflect 
derivatives-related regulatory requirements (but for the avoidance of doubt, not including amendments, waivers, 
modifications or terminations of hedging limits, termination events and events of default, howsoever described), 
requires the consent of any party other than the relevant Borrower. In the event that the relevant Borrower is 
required to make any such change to the Hedging Policy, the Security Trustee shall be required (at the cost of 
the relevant Borrower) to execute such documents as are reasonably necessary to give effect to such change to 
the Hedging Policy. 
Currency risk principles 
The Hedging Policy prohibits Obligors or members of the Security Group from bearing unhedged currency risk 
in respect of interest payable to expected legal maturity and the repayment of principle under any foreign 
currency denominated debt instrument, provided that at any time up to 5 per cent. of the Relevant Debt may not 
be currency hedged for a period not exceeding 45 days 
If, at any time, (i) the aggregate notional amount of Class A Hedging Transactions that are foreign exchange 
transactions exceeds 100 per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of foreign currency denominated 
Relevant Debt which is Class A Debt; or (ii) the aggregate notional amount of Class B Hedging Transactions 
that are foreign exchange transactions exceeds 100 per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of such 
foreign currency denominated Relevant Debt which is Class B Debt (each a “Currency Overhedged Position”), 
then the relevant Obligor or member of the Security Group must, within 30 days of becoming aware of such 
Currency Overhedged Position, reduce and/or procure the reduction of the notional amount of such Hedging 
Transactions (which may be achieved by terminating one or more of such Hedging Transactions (in whole or 
in part) so that it is in compliance with the parameters in this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, a Currency 
Overhedged Position may not be reduced by entering into one or more Offsetting Transactions.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Interest rate risk principles 
The Hedging Policy places an obligation on Ellevio to hedge the interest rate risk in relation to all outstanding 
Relevant Debt, ensuring that: 
(a) where less than 75 per cent. of (X) the Relevant Debt which is Class A Debt: (i) is fixed rate; (ii) is 
index-linked; or (iii) effectively bears a fixed or index-linked rate pursuant to a Class A Hedging 
Agreement (after taking into account any Offsetting Transactions) or (Y) all Relevant Debt is 
fixed rate, index-linked or effectively fixed rate or index-linked pursuant to a Hedging Agreement 
(an “Underhedged Position”), then the relevant Obligor or member of the Security Group shall 
increase or procure the increase of the notional amount of the Hedging Transactions so that it is 
over 75 per cent. within 45 days of becoming aware of the Underhedged Position; and 
(b) at all times, the aggregate notional amount of (i) Class A Hedging Transactions that are interest rate 
or inflation-linked transactions exceeds 110 per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of 
the Relevant Debt which is Class A Debt (after taking into account any Offsetting Transactions); 
or (ii) all Hedging Transactions that are interest rate or inflation-linked transactions exceeds 110 
per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of all Relevant Debt (each an “Overhedged 
Position”), the relevant Obligor or member of the Security Group must reduce and/or procure 
the reduction of the notional amount of Hedging Transactions below the 110 per cent. threshold 
within 30 days of becoming aware of the Overhedged Position. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Security Group is not obliged to enter into interest rate or inflation-linked 
Hedging Transactions in respect of Class B Debt. 
Principles relating to Overhedged Positions, Underhedged Positions and Pre-hedges 
Subject to the terms of each individual Hedging Agreement, each Obligor and member of the Security Group 
will manage the Underhedged Position, Overhedged Position or Currency Overhedged Position (as applicable) 
in its absolute discretion provided that, prior to the date on which any Overhedged Position or Currency 
Overhedged Position is remedied, the relevant Obligor or member of the Security Group will ensure that it has 
sufficient funds to meet any swap termination amounts or break costs which may become due to the Hedge 
Counterparties should one or more Hedging Transactions be terminated. 
Each Obligor and member of the Security Group will, in addition, be permitted to enter into derivative 
instruments such as forward starting interest rate swap transactions and/or inflation rate swap transactions with 
an effective date no later than 24 months from the date of entry into such Treasury Transactions, in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness which is projected to be incurred within 24 months from the date of entry into such 
Treasury Transactions (the “Pre-hedges”). Subject to no Event of Default having occurred, the notional amount 
in respect of any Pre-hedge shall only count towards the determination of an Overhedged Position or 
Underhedged Position in respect of any day to the extent such day occurs on or after the effective date in respect 
of the relevant Pre-hedge. The Hedge Counterparties’ termination rights shall apply equally to Pre-hedges. In 
addition, such Pre-hedges will contain provisions to the effect that such Pre-hedges must be terminated if the 
projected Financial Indebtedness is either not incurred or is incurred and the pre-hedging is no longer required.. 
Principles relating to Hedge Counterparties 
The Hedging Policy restricts Hedge Counterparties, or institutions giving parent guarantees, to those that have 
a rating of no less than BBB or higher by S&P or Fitch or Baa2 or higher by Moody’s at the time of entering 
into a Hedging Agreement. No party shall have any obligation to take any action (or to cease to take any action) 
if a Hedge Counterparty subsequently ceases to satisfy the criteria set out in the Hedging Policy with respect to 
any Rating.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Hedge Counterparties may transfer their obligations to an Affiliate, provided that such Affiliate complies with 
the above ratings criteria and accedes to the Finance Documents in accordance with the STID. 
Principles relating to Hedging Agreements 
All Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to the Hedging Policy must be entered into in the form of a 2002 
ISDA Master Agreement unless otherwise agreed by the Security Trustee. 
Hedging Transactions in respect of Super Senior Hedging Transactions, Class A Hedging Transactions and 
Class B Hedging Transactions will be entered into under separate ISDA Master Agreements between any 
relevant Obligor and the relevant Hedge Counterparties 
An Early Termination Date may only be designated by a Hedge Counterparty where certain events occur and 
continue, including various Events of Default, the exercise of rights under a break clause or breaches of certain 
obligations under a Hedging Agreement itself. No Event of Default (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) 
shall apply in relation to Ellevio and no Termination Event (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) in 
respect of which the Hedge Counterparty would have a right to terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement shall 
apply. 
Each Hedge Counterparty has been required to acknowledge in the relevant Hedging Agreement that the 
relevant Hedging Agreement will be subject to the provisions of the Common Terms Agreement and the STID 
and that all amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the relevant Obligor or member of the Security 
Group under or in connection with such Hedging Agreement shall only be recoverable (and all rights of the 
relevant Hedge Counterparty under such Hedging Agreement shall only be exercisable) subject to and in 
accordance with the STID or the Common Documents, as applicable. 
Any Obligor or member of the Security Group will be entitled to enter into Treasury Transactions with Hedge 
Counterparties that contain break clauses or that grant the relevant Obligor or member of the Security Group 
and/or the relevant Hedge Counterparty a break clause or right of optional early termination (other than any 
optional early termination rights governed by the Hedging Policy), if as at the date on which it enters into such 
Treasury Transactions: 
(a) the aggregate notional amount of all such Treasury Transactions with break clauses or optional 
early termination does not exceed 10 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Secured 
Debt; and 
(b) the aggregate notional amount of such Treasury Transactions with break clauses or optional early 
termination coming due within a rolling two-year period does not exceed 5 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Secured Debt. 
Any Obligor or member of the Security Group will be entitled to enter into Super Senior Hedging Agreements 
with Hedge Counterparties that rank super senior to the Relevant Debt. 
Cash Management 
Operating Accounts 
The CTA requires the Obligors to open and maintain one or more Operating Accounts with the Account Bank 
which will be subject to the Security. 
At all times prior to any Standstill Period, the Cash Manager for the Security Group shall be the Issuer or the 
respective holder of the Operating Account. 
During and following any Standstill Period, the Cash Manager shall be the Standstill Cash Manager.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
The Cash Manager will act as such in respect of the accounts held by any of the relevant Obligors, and shall be 
authorised by such Obligors and the Security Trustee to operate all such accounts pending (other than with 
respect to the Standstill Cash Manager) the removal of the Cash Manager by reason of the occurrence of an 
Event of Default or any other agreed trigger for removal. 
The Cash Manager (other than the Standstill Cash Manager) shall ensure that all of its revenues (other than a 
Class A Standby Drawing or Class B Standby Drawing, as applicable) will be paid into an Operating Account 
in its name or into the Class A Debt Service Reserve Account or Class B Debt Service Reserve Account, as 
applicable, and will use the funds standing to the credit of such relevant Operating Account and the relevant 
Class A Debt Service Reserve Account or Class B Debt Service Reserve Account to make payments permitted 
pursuant to the Finance Documents. 
Each Operating Account shall be the sole current account of the relevant Obligor through which (subject to the 
terms of the Finance Documents) all operating expenditure, Capital Expenditure, payments in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness or any Taxes incurred by it shall be cleared. 
Prior to the termination of a Standstill, payments to Secured Creditors will be made out of moneys standing to 
the credit of the Operating Accounts (subject to certain exceptions), in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments as set out below. 
Liquidity Facility 
The Cash Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Class A Liquidity Shortfall on the next 
Determination Date after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Operating Accounts and 
relevant Class A Debt Service Reserve Accounts which will be available to the Obligors on the next Interest 
Payment Date. 
If, after application of the balance standing to the credit of the Operating Accounts and Class A Debt Service 
Reserve Accounts (if any), there will be a positive Class A Liquidity Shortfall, the relevant Obligor (or the Cash 
Manager on its behalf) shall deliver a Class A LF Notice of Drawing to the Class A LF Agent in accordance 
with the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement in respect of such Class A Liquidity Shortfall. 
At the time any Class A LF Notice of Drawing is delivered by the relevant Obligor (or the Cash Manager on its 
behalf) to the Class A LF Agent in respect of an Interest Payment Date, that Obligor shall notify the Security 
Trustee of the amount of any applicable Class A Liquidity Shortfall in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of the Liquidity Loan Drawing (as defined in the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement) shall 
immediately be credited to the relevant Operating Accounts and applied towards payment of the relevant items 
listed in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) of the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (excluding in respect of 
paragraph (d) therein)(excluding any termination payments, principal exchange amounts or other pay-as-you-
go payments and all other unscheduled amounts payable to any Hedge Counterparty). 
During a Standstill, the Standstill Cash Manager shall exercise those rights and perform those obligations of 
the Cash Manager under the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, payments owed by an Obligor to Secured Creditors will be made, 
on each Payment Date (or in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) below, on any day on which such amounts are 
due and payable), out of moneys standing to the credit of the Operating Account of that Obligor in the following 
order, without double counting:

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(a) first, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the costs, fees, expenses and any other amounts (including by way of indemnities) payable by 
any Obligor to: 
(i) 
the Security Trustee or any Receiver under any Finance Document; and 
(ii) the Bond Trustee under any Finance Document; 
(b) second, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards 
satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity 
payments (if any) and any other amounts payable by any Obligor to: 
(i) 
the Agents under the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) the other Facility Agents; 
(iii) the Account Bank under the Account Bank Agreement; 
(iv) the Standstill Cash Manager; and 
(v) each Secured Creditor Representative; 
(c) third, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due by an Obligor to any 
Class A LF Provider and a Class A LF Agent and arranger under each Class A Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (other than in respect of any Class A Subordinated Liquidity Payments and any 
amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions); 
(d) fourth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due by an Obligor to any 
Class B LF Provider and a Class B LF Agent and arranger under each Class B Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (other than in respect of any Class B Subordinated Liquidity Payments and any 
amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions); 
(e) fifth, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof all scheduled amounts, 
scheduled termination payments, accretion or other pay-as-you-go payments payable to each 
Super Senior Hedge Counterparty under any Super Senior Hedging Agreements (other than in 
respect of Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(f) 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards 
satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(ii) all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Bonds; 
(iii) all unscheduled amounts which are payable to each Super Senior Hedge Counterparty under 
any Super Senior Hedging Agreement (other than in respect of Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions); 
(iv) all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments) payable 
to each Class A Hedge Counterparty under any Class A Hedging Agreement (other than 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(v) all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Institutional Loan; 
(vi) all amounts of interest payable under any Class A PP Notes; and

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
(vii) all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(g) seventh, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(ii) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any 
Class A Bonds; 
(iii) all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments or any unscheduled sums 
due and payable by the Issuer to each Class A Hedge Counterparty under, and any other 
amounts due to a Class A Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with, any Class A 
Hedging Agreement (other than Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(iv) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any 
Class A Institutional Loan; 
(v) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any 
Class A PP Notes (including any amounts due or overdue in respect of any swap breakage 
amounts due under each Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement) and any amounts due or 
overdue pursuant to a Class A PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter; and 
(vi) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any 
Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness other than amounts payable in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(h) eighth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts in respect of any Make-Whole Amount under any 
Class A Debt; 
(i) 
ninth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any Class 
B Senior Term Facilities and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(ii) all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Capex Facility; 
(iii) all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Bonds; 
(iv) all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments) payable 
to each Class B Hedge Counterparty under any Class B Hedging Agreement (other than 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions); 
(v) all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Institutional Loan; 
(vi) all amounts of interest payable under any Class B PP Notes; and 
(vii) all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(j) 
tenth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of:

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B Senior Term Facilities; 
(ii) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B Capex Facility; 
(iii) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B Bonds; 
(iv) all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments or any unscheduled sums 
due and payable by the Issuer to each Class B Hedge Counterparty under, and any other 
amounts due to a Class B Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with, any Class B 
Hedging Agreement (other than Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(v) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B Institutional Loan; 
(vi) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B PP Notes (including any amounts due or overdue in respect of any swap breakage 
amounts due under each Class B PP Note Purchase Agreement) and any amounts due or 
overdue pursuant to a Class B PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter; and 
(vii) all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any 
Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness other than amounts payable in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions; and 
(k) eleventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts in respect of any Make-Whole  
Amount under any Class B Debt; and 
(l) 
twelfth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of all Class A Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments due under each Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and all Class B Subordinated 
Liquidity Payments due under each Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(m) thirteenth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of any Subordinated Hedge Amounts 
due or overdue to a Hedge Counterparty; and 
(n) fourteenth, any surplus shall be available to each Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees fit. 
Standstill Cash Manager 
The CTA sets out provisions relating to the appointment of a Standstill Cash Manager to replace the Cash 
Manager following the commencement of a Standstill Period and for so long as such Standstill Period continues, 
provided that no Enforcement Action (other than a Permitted Share Pledge Acceleration) has occurred. 
The Standstill Cash Manager will act as Standstill Cash Manager in accordance with the CTA, the STID, the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Account Bank Agreement. 
Governing law 
The CTA and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
General 
The intercreditor arrangements among the members of the Security Group (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”) 
are contained in the STID. Other than in respect of intra-group and shareholder loans, unsecured creditors are 
not and will not become parties to the intercreditor arrangements and will have unfettered, independent rights 
of action in respect of their debts. However, the aggregate amount of certain unsecured Financial Indebtedness 
is restricted under the CTA. Subject to accession to the STID, MDA and the CTA, other Authorised Credit 
Providers may, in the future, become Secured Creditors. 
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things: (i) the claims of the Secured 
Creditors and their ranking in point of payment after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice; (ii) the exercise, 
acceleration and enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors; (iii) the rights of the Secured Creditors to 
instruct the Security Trustee; and (iv) the giving of consents and waivers and the making of modifications to, 
among others, the Common Terms Agreement, the Security Documents, the Account Bank Agreement and the 
Master Definitions Agreement (the “Common Documents”). The Intercreditor Arrangements provide for the 
subordination and postponement of all claims relating to Financial Indebtedness of: (i) any member of the 
Security Group owed to another member of the Security Group; and (ii) certain other Financial Indebtedness of 
members of the Security Group. 
Guarantee 
The STID contains provisions through which any present or future members of the Security Group jointly and 
severally guarantee the obligations of each other member of the Security Group. The Guarantee extends to, 
among other things, the obligation to make any payment due under the Common Documents punctually and for 
the full amount. It also requires the Security Group to indemnify the Security Trustee (and the Secured Creditors 
for whom it acts) for any loss suffered if any guaranteed obligations become unenforceable, invalid, illegal or 
ineffective. The Guarantee extends for so long as there are any sums outstanding under the Common Documents. 
As more fully set out in the STID, each Guarantor (which includes the Parent and the Issuer or any other entity 
which subsequently grants a Guarantee) jointly, severally, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the 
performance of the obligations of each Obligor until such time as all of the Obligors’ obligations in respect of 
the Secured Liabilities have been discharged in full. 
Modifications, Consents, Waivers and Voting Procedures 
The STID contains provisions which enable the Security Trustee to exercise its discretion, without the consent 
of the Secured Creditors, to concur in making any modification, or giving any consent or granting any waiver 
under or in respect of any Common Document if: (i) in the opinion of the Security Trustee, it is required  to 
correct a manifest error, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature; or (ii) such modification, 
consent or waiver is not, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of any of 
the Qualifying Secured Creditors (where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification, consent or 
waiver could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to repay the Secured Liabilities) 
referred to in the STID as “Discretion Matters”. Where the Security Trustee is not willing or able to exercise 
its discretion, approval from relevant Qualifying Secured Creditors is required. Consents, waivers or 
modifications may, depending on their nature, constitute Ordinary Voting Matters (which require a simple 
majority to pass a resolution) or Extraordinary Voting Matters (which require not less than 66.67 per cent. of 
votes cast to pass a resolution). In addition, it may constitute an Entrenched Right in respect of one or more 
Secured Creditors with the result that the consent of such Secured Creditors will need to be obtained. The STID 
contains the detailed provisions regarding the quorum required for the approval of such matters (which, for 
example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is one or more Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors 
representing not less than 20 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Senior Debt), the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
time periods in which approvals need to be given (which, for example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, 
is 15 Business Days) and the percentage thresholds required to approve the different matters (which, for 
example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is a simple majority of the Voted Qualifying Debt). Such 
quorums, time periods and percentage thresholds vary depending on the nature of the different matters. Other 
than in the case of the Hedge Counterparties, where the minimum quorum and voting majorities under any 
Authorised Credit Facility (other than the Hedging Agreements) are met, the entire Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Authorised Credit Facility shall be aggregated by the Security Trustee with the votes cast for 
or against (as applicable) by the other Qualifying Secured Creditors. Where the minimum quorum and voting 
majorities specified in the relevant Authorised Credit Facility are not met, votes in respect of the relevant 
Authorised Credit Facility will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a “euro-for-
euro” basis in respect of the Qualifying Senior Debt then owed to the Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors 
that vote on a proposed resolution within the Decision Period. 
In the case of Bondholders voting on an STID Proposal, votes will be counted on a euro-for-euro basis either 
for or against the STID Proposal according to the vote unless holders of 25 per cent. or more of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Sub-Class of Bonds cast a vote and 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the Bonds of such Sub-Class which so voted, voted the same way then the entire Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Sub-Class of Bonds will count as having voted in such way in respect of Quorum Requirements 
and the requisite majority. Where 25 per cent. or more of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Sub-Class 
of Bonds cast a vote but less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds of such Sub-
Class which so voted vote the same way, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such Series of Bonds will 
count as having voted in such way in respect of Quorum Requirements but not the requisite majority. 
Bondholders will be able to participate in such approval processes by means of an electronic voting procedure, 
details of which are set out in the Trust Deed (and is briefly described in “– Trust Deed” below). 
In the case of Qualifying Authorised Credit Facilities (other than Qualifying Hedging Transactions, the 
Qualifying Bonds and the Qualifying PP Notes), if the minimum quorum and voting majorities under any 
Qualifying Authorised Credit Facility (other than Qualifying Hedging Transactions, the Qualifying Bonds and 
the Qualifying PP Notes) are met, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such Qualifying Authorised 
Credit Facility shall be aggregated by the Security Trustee with the votes cast for or against (as applicable) by 
the relevant Qualifying Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders). Where the minimum quorum and voting 
majorities specified in the relevant Qualifying Authorised Credit Facility (other than Qualifying Hedging 
Transactions, the Qualifying Bonds and the Qualifying PP Notes) are not met, votes in respect of the relevant 
Qualified Authorised Credit Facility will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a 
Krona-for-Krona basis in respect of the Qualifying Senior Debt then owed to the Participating Qualifying 
Secured Creditors that vote on a proposed resolution within the Decision Period. Votes cast in favour and votes 
cast against will then be aggregated by the Security Trustee with the votes cast for and against by the other 
Qualifying Secured Creditors. 
In the case of PP Noteholders, if the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant PP Note 
Purchase Agreement are met, only a single vote by reference to the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of 
such Series of PP Notes will be counted for the applicable proposal (and for the applicable Quorum 
Requirement). If the minimum quorum and voting majorities are not met, votes in respect of the relevant Series 
of PP Notes will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a Krona-for-Krona basis in 
respect of such PP Notes that vote on a proposed resolution within the Decision Period. Votes cast in favour and 
votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Security Trustee with the votes cast for and against by the 
other Qualifying Secured Creditors (and will be counted for the applicable Quorum Requirement). 
In the case of Hedge Counterparties, voting in respect of any Qualifying Hedging Transaction will be made by 
each Qualifying Hedge Counterparty in respect of:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
(A) in relation to any Qualifying Hedging Transaction in respect of which an Early Termination Date (as 
defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) has been designated, the Equivalent Amount in respect of the 
amount (if any) outstanding to the relevant Qualifying Hedge Counterparty following such termination (as 
calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement); 
(B) if the Qualifying Hedge Counterparty is otherwise entitled under the relevant Hedging Agreement and the 
STID to designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement), the 
Equivalent Amount as calculated by the Qualifying Hedge Counterparty and notified in writing by the 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparty to the Security Trustee (representing the mark to market value of any 
Qualifying Hedging Transactions) of the amount (if any) which would be payable to the relevant Qualifying 
Hedge Counterparty if any Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) was 
designated on the date falling two Business Days after the commencement of the relevant Decision Period. 
Only such mark to market value will be counted towards the Quorum Requirement. In respect of each 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparty, a single vote by reference to the aggregate of the mark to market value of 
all such Qualifying Hedging Transactions arising under the Hedging Agreements of such Qualifying Hedge 
Counterparty will be counted for or against the applicable STID Proposal or Direction Notice; or 
(C) prior to the taking of any Enforcement Action in relation to any vote: 
(A) 
on whether to take any Enforcement Action; or 
(B) 
to terminate any Standstill, 
the Equivalent Amount as calculated by the Qualifying Hedge Counterparty and notified in writing by the 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparty to the Security Trustee (representing the mark to market value of any 
Qualifying Hedging Transactions) of the amount (if any) which would be payable to the relevant Qualifying 
Hedge Counterparty if any Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) was 
designated on the date falling two Business Days after the commencement of the relevant Decision Period. 
Only such mark to market value will be counted towards the Quorum Requirement. In respect of each 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparty, a single vote by reference to the aggregate of the mark to market value of all 
such Qualifying Hedging Transactions arising under the Hedging Agreements of such Qualifying Hedge 
Counterparty will be counted for or against the applicable STID Proposal or Direction Notice. There are also 
provisions which enable instructions to be given to the Security Trustee by the required percentage of Qualifying 
Secured Creditors in relation to a number of matters, including whether to enforce the security following an 
Event of Default and whether to deliver an Acceleration Notice. The required percentage of Participating 
Qualifying Secured Creditors differs depending on the nature of the instruction and also may vary over time. 
For example, the initial quorum in relation to a decision on whether to enforce the security would be 
Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors representing not less than 20 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all Qualifying Senior Debt and a simple majority of the Voted Qualifying Debt will be required to 
pass the resolution. 
Standstill and Enforcement Action 
If any Secured Debt is outstanding, then immediately upon notification to the Security Trustee of an Event of 
Default, a Standstill Period will commence. During such a period, none of the Secured Creditors will be entitled 
to give any instructions to the Security Trustee to take any Enforcement Action (but without prejudice to the 
ability of the Secured Creditors to demand scheduled payments). Any money received by the Issuer or credited 
to the Accounts will be applied in accordance with Schedule 8 (Cash Management) to the CTA and, upon 
application in the discharge of the Secured Liabilities, in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
A Standstill Period shall terminate on:

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(a) 
the date on which any steps are taken to commence Insolvency Proceedings in relation to any 
Obligor other than proceedings that are commenced by the Security Trustee or which are 
frivolous or vexatious and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of 
commencement or, if earlier, the date on which such Insolvency Proceedings are advertised; 
(b) 
the date which Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors in respect of 66.67 per cent. or more 
of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Senior Debt vote to terminate 
the Standstill Period; or 
(c) 
the date of any waiver granted in accordance with the STID or the date of remedy of the Event 
of Default giving rise to the Standstill. 
If a Standstill Period has not been terminated within 12 months, the Standstill Period will be automatically 
extended for a further 120 days unless terminated in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (c) above or by a vote 
in favour of termination by the Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors holding 50 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Senior Debt. If no termination occurs, the Standstill 
Period will be automatically extended for a further 60 days and can be terminated in accordance with paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above, or by a vote in favour of termination by the Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors holding 
33.33 per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Senior Debt. If no 
termination occurs following the automatic 60-day extension above, it can be can be terminated in accordance 
with paragraphs (a) to (c) above, or by a vote in favour of termination by the Participating Qualifying Secured 
Creditors holding 10 per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Senior 
Debt. 
Upon termination of a Standstill Period, an Enforcement Period will begin. During an Enforcement Period, any 
Secured Creditor will be entitled to direct the Issuer Security Trustee to take Enforcement Action, deliver an 
Acceleration Notice and exercise all rights which may be available to it under any Finance Document. Any 
proceeds raised during this process will be applied according to the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, described below. 
Distressed Disposals 
On the occurrence of a Distressed Disposal, the Security Trustee may, without any consent from any Secured 
Creditor or Obligor, release any Security as is required to effect the disposal in accordance with the STID. The 
net proceeds of disposal are to be paid to the Security Trustee for application in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice the Secured Creditors claims will rank according to the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments. Obligations appearing in any one item are to rank pari passu and pro rata 
with each other. All Available Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied by or on behalf of the Security Trustee or, 
as the case may be, any Receiver, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due according to Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments contained in the STID. 
If there are insufficient funds to discharge in full amounts due and payable all items which rank pari passu with 
each other shall be discharged to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so and on a pro rata basis, according 
to the respective amounts. 
Any amount referred to in the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments which constitutes Secured Liabilities 
includes any amount payable to any other Obligor under the Guarantees. 
The Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments is as follows:

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
(a) first, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction of the 
costs, fees, expenses and any other amounts (including by way of indemnities) payable by any Obligor 
to:  
(viii) 
the Security Trustee or any Receiver under any Finance Document; and 
(ix) 
the Bond Trustee under any Finance Document; 
(b) 
second, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by any Obligor to: 
(i) 
the Agents under the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the other Facility Agents;  
(iii) 
the Account Bank under the Account Bank Agreement;  
(iv) 
the Standstill Cash Manager; and 
(v) 
each Secured Creditor Representative;  
(c) 
third, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of, all amounts due by an Obligor to any Class 
A LF Provider and a Class A LF Agent and arranger under each Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement 
(other than in respect of any Class A Subordinated Liquidity Payments and any amounts payable in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions); 
(d) 
fourth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due by an Obligor to any Class 
B LF Provider and a Class B LF Agent and arranger under each Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement 
(other than in respect of any Class B Subordinated Liquidity Payments and any amounts payable in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions); 
(e) 
fifth, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof all scheduled amounts, 
scheduled termination payments, accretion or other pay-as-you-go payments payable to each Super 
Senior Hedge Counterparty under any Super Senior Hedging Agreements (other than in respect of 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(f) 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction 
of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(ii) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Bonds; 
(iii) 
all unscheduled amounts which are payable to each Super Senior Hedge Counterparty under 
any Super Senior Hedging Agreement (other than in respect of Subordinated Hedge Amounts 
and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions);  
(iv) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments) payable to 
each Class A Hedge Counterparty under any Class A Hedging Agreement (other than 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(v) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Institutional Loan;  
(vi) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class A PP Notes; and

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(vii) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness 
other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions;  
(g) 
seventh, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(ii) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any Class 
A Bonds; 
(iii) 
all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments or any unscheduled sums due 
and payable by the Issuer to each Class A Hedge Counterparty under, and any other amounts 
due to a Class A Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with, any Class A Hedging 
Agreement (other than Subordinated Hedge Amounts);  
(iv) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any Class 
A Institutional Loan;  
(v) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any Class 
A PP Notes (including any amounts due or overdue in respect of any swap breakage amounts 
due under each Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement) and any amounts due or overdue 
pursuant to a Class A PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter; and 
(vi) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class A Debt outstanding under any Class 
A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness other than amounts payable in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions; 
(h) 
eighth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts in respect of any Make-Whole Amount under any Class 
A Debt; 
(i) 
ninth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any Class 
B Senior Term Facilities and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(ii) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Capex Facility;  
(iii) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Bonds; 
(iv) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments) payable to 
each Class B Hedge Counterparty under any Class B Hedging Agreement (other than 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts and any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions); 
(v) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Institutional Loan;  
(vi) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class B PP Notes; and 
(vii) 
all amounts of interest payable under any Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness 
other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(j) 
tenth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of:

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B Senior Term Facilities; 
(ii) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B Capex Facility; 
(iii) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B Bonds; 
(iv) 
all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay-as-you-go payments or any unscheduled sums due 
and payable by the Issuer to each Class B Hedge Counterparty under, and any other amounts 
due to a Class B Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with, any Class B Hedging 
Agreement (other than Subordinated Hedge Amounts); 
(v) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B Institutional Loan;  
(vi) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B PP Notes (including any amounts due or overdue in respect of any swap breakage amounts 
due under each Class B PP Note Purchase Agreement) and any amounts due or overdue 
pursuant to a Class B PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter; and 
(vii) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Class B Debt outstanding under any Class 
B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness other than amounts payable in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions; and 
(k) 
eleventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts in respect of any Make-Whole Amount under any 
Class B Debt; and 
(l) 
twelfth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of all Class A Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments due under each Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and all Class B Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments due under each Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(m) 
thirteenth, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards satisfaction of any Subordinated Hedge Amounts due 
or overdue to a Hedge Counterparty; and 
(n) 
fourteenth, any surplus shall be available to each Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees fit. 
Governing law 
The STID and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
Trust Deed 
Ellevio and the Bond Trustee have entered into a Trust Deed (the “Trust Deed”) pursuant to which the Bonds 
are constituted. The Trust Deed includes the form of the Bonds and contains a covenant from Ellevio to the 
Bond Trustee to pay all amounts due under the Bonds. The Bond Trustee holds the benefit of that covenant on 
trust for itself and the Bondholders in accordance with their respective interests. The Trust Deed contains a 
number of covenants given by Ellevio including being obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to maintain a 
listing for listed Bonds while they remain outstanding.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Electronic Consent 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by Ellevio or the Bond Trustee (as the case may be) have been 
notified to the Bondholders through the relevant clearing system(s), each of Ellevio and the Bond Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents. Such consents shall be 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Bonds outstanding. 
Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by Ellevio or the Bond Trustee which 
is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the Trust Deed, unless 
that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
For a description of Bondholder voting mechanics in other circumstances including in respect of a STID 
Proposal, see Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) in this Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law. 
Security Documents 
Swedish Law Security Agreements 
Ellevio – security over real property mortgage certificates 
Ellevio has entered into a Swedish law governed security agreement regarding real property mortgage 
certificates with the Security Trustee, with the obligations set forth thereunder which became effective on 31 
August 2016. Under this security agreement, Ellevio granted security over real property mortgage certificates 
in a total aggregate amount of SEK460,534,000 issued in certain properties owned by it in favour of the Security 
Trustee (for itself and for the Secured Creditors). This security agreement secures all present and future  
obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to 
any Secured Creditor under each Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party. 
Ellevio – security over business mortgage certificates 
Ellevio has entered into a Swedish law governed security agreement regarding business mortgage certificates 
with the Security Trustee. The obligations set forth thereunder became effective on 31 August 2016. Under this 
security agreement, Ellevio granted security over business mortgage certificates in a total aggregate amount of 
SEK136,300,000 issued by it in favour of the Security Trustee (for itself and for the Secured Creditors). This 
security agreement secures all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent or in 
any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to any Secured Creditor under each Finance Document to which 
such Obligor is a party. 
The Parent – security over shares in the Issuer 
The Parent has entered into a Swedish law governed security agreement regarding the shares in Ellevio with 
the Security Trustee. The obligations set forth thereunder became effective on 31 August 2016. Under this 
security agreement, the Parent has granted security over all shares in its wholly owned subsidiary, Ellevio, in 
favour of the Security Trustee (for itself and for the Secured Creditors). This security agreement secures the 
Parent’s obligations all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent or in any 
other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to any Secured Creditor under each Finance Document to which 
such Obligor is a party.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
The Parent – security over intragroup loans owing by Ellevio 
The Parent has entered into a Swedish law governed security agreement regarding certain intragroup loans with 
the Security Trustee. The obligations set forth thereunder became effective on 31 August 2016. Under this 
security agreement, the Parent has granted security with delayed perfection over certain intragroup loans 
granted by the Parent to the Issuer, in favour of the Security Trustee (for itself and for the Secured Creditors). 
This security agreement secures all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent 
or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to any Secured Creditor under each Finance Document to 
which such Obligor is a party. 
Governing law 
The Security Documents described above are governed by Swedish law. 
English Law Security Documents 
Assignment of Rights 
The Obligors have entered into an English law governed Security Agreement in favour of the Security Trustee 
(for itself and for the Secured Creditors) in connection with the Finance Documents. 
Under the English law governed Security Documents, the Obligors have, among other things, assigned by way 
of security with full title guarantee and as security for the payment of the Secured Liabilities, all of the 
agreements to which they are a party and the Related Rights.  
Each Obligor has, among other things as security for the payment of all Secured Liabilities, charged in favour 
of the Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors by way of first fixed charge, all 
the agreements to which it is a party and the Related Rights. 
Assigned Agreements 
The agreements assigned by way of security consist of Ellevio’s right, title and interest from time to time in and 
to the Finance Documents to which it is party which are governed by English law and any of the following in 
relation to a Security Asset: 
(a) 
any proceeds of sale, transfer or other disposal, lease, licence, sub-licence, or agreement for sale, 
transfer or other disposal, lease, licence or sub-licence, of that Security Asset; 
(b) 
any moneys or proceeds paid or payable deriving from that Security Asset; 
(c) 
any rights, claims, guarantees, indemnities, Security or covenants for title in relation to that 
Security Asset;  
(d) 
any awards or judgments in favour of an Assignor in relation to that Security Asset; and 
(e) 
any other assets deriving from, or relating to, that Security Asset. 
Enforcement of the English Security Agreement 
Under the English Security Agreement, the security created thereunder is enforceable upon the commencement 
of, and at any time during, an Enforcement Period. In accordance with the STID, such period begins upon the 
termination of a Standstill (other than pursuant to the granting of a waiver of the underlying default in 
accordance with the STID) until the earlier of the date on which all Secured Liabilities are discharged and the 
date on which the Security Trustee (acting in accordance with the instructions of the relevant Secured Creditors 
pursuant to the STID) notifies Ellevio that the Enforcement Period has ended. 
During such period, the Security Trustee shall, if instructed by any Secured Creditor, enforce all or any part of 
the Security in any manner it sees fit (to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law), acting in accordance

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
with the STID. Any proceeds received by the Security Trustee or by any receiver appointed by it pursuant to 
the Security Agreement must be applied by the Security Trustee towards satisfaction of the respective secured 
liabilities in the order of the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, subject to the payment of any claims 
having priority to the security under the Security Agreement and to the rights of the Security Trustee and any 
receiver appointed in respect thereof and subject to the STID. 
Discharge of Security 
Subject to the STID, the Security shall be discharged when: (i) discharged in full and provided that none of the 
relevant Secured Creditors are under any further actual or contingent obligation to make advances or provide 
other financial accommodation under any of the Finance Documents; (ii) upon the occurrence of a Permitted 
Disposal or a Permitted Transaction, and at the costs of the relevant Obligor to execute on behalf of itself, each 
Secured Creditor and every other relevant party all necessary releases of any Security in relation to such 
Permitted Transaction or Permitted Disposal by such Obligor. 
At that point, the Security Trustee and each Secured Creditor shall, in the sole discretion of the Security Trustee, 
execute and do all such things as may be necessary to release the security created by the Security Agreement 
and to reassign to the relevant Obligor the assigned property thereunder. 
Governing law 
The Security Documents described above, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the documents are governed by English law. 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement 
Ellevio, the Initial ACF Agent and the Initial ACF Arrangers, among others entered into the Initial Authorised 
Credit Facilities Agreement on the Signing Date as amended and restated on 18 January 2019.  
Under the IACFA, a SEK 7,500,000,000 revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and an 
ancillary facility (an “Ancillary Facility”) was made available to Ellevio. 
Ellevio used or may use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility: 
(a) 
to enable Ellevio to refinance existing indebtedness owed under the IACFA before it was 
amended on 18 January 2019 (the “Existing Indebtedness”) (including any related hedging); 
(b) 
the financing or refinancing of Capital Expenditure of the Security Group (including expenditure 
relating to any Certified Storm Event) to the extent such Capital Expenditure will accrue to the 
RAV of the Security Group or will generate regulated income under the applicable regulatory 
regime at the time of the relevant Utilisation; 
(c) 
the financing of Permitted Acquisitions as described in paragraphs (d) and (f) of the definition 
thereof (and excluding any Permitted Acquisition constituting a Hostile Takeover); 
(d) 
costs and expenses incurred (on an arm’s length basis) in connection with any Permitted 
Acquisition pursuant to paragraph (c) above; and 
(e) 
the refinancing of any existing Financial Indebtedness of the relevant target company or business 
acquired in any Permitted Acquisition referenced in paragraph (c) above. 
Ellevio may apply any utilisation of any Ancillary Facility towards general corporate purposes and the working 
capital requirements of the Security Group.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Facility A1, Facility A2, Facility A3, the Capex Facility and the WC Facility originally provided under the 
IACFA (before it was amended on 18 January 2019) were repaid and replaced with the Revolving Credit Facility 
upon the amendment of the IACFA on 18 January 2019. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there is no Capex Facility or WC Facility in place (other than, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Revolving Credit Facility). 
Ellevio makes representations and warranties, covenants and undertakings to the Initial ACF Arrangers, the 
Original Initial ACF Lenders and the Initial ACF Agent on the terms set out in or otherwise permitted by the 
CTA. All utilisations under the Initial Authorised Credit Facility are subject to all representations and warranties 
in the CTA being true in all material respects. 
The Trigger Events under the CTA also apply under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement as 
discussed above. 
The Events of Default under the CTA also apply under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement, as set 
out above. 
The rights and obligations of the parties under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement are subject to 
the STID. The occurrence of an Event of Default is not a draw-stop in respect of any Rollover Loan.  
Subject to the CTA and the STID, Ellevio may, by the Security Group Agent giving not less than five Business 
Days’ prior notice (or such shorter period as the Majority Lenders may agree) to the Initial ACF Agent, prepay 
amounts outstanding under the Term Facilities, the Capex Facility or the WC Facility in a minimum amount of 
SEK10,000,000. The Security Group Agent must confirm to the Initial ACF Agent that it has sufficient working 
capital facilities following any prepayment under the WC Facility and overdraft facility. 
Ellevio will be required to repay in full any lender upon the occurrence of either a change of control or a disposal 
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group if, during the 30 Business Day period after receipt of notice 
of the occurrence of such event, such lender confirms to the Security Group Agent that it wishes to cancel its 
commitments and be repaid. 
Governing law 
The Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by English law. 
Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement 
Ellevio entered into the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement on the Signing Date. 
Under the terms of the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Class A LF Providers make available a five-
year committed multicurrency revolving credit facility (which may be renewed) in an aggregate amount 
specified in the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement for the purpose of covering any funding shortfall where 
it is unable to service amounts payable in respect of the Finance Documents and certain other payments due to 
the Secured Creditors, including amounts due under certain hedging agreements. 
Each Class A LF Provider must have a long term rating equal to or higher than the Minimum Long-Term Rating. 
Each Class A LF Provider will be a Secured Creditor and a party to the STID, the Common Terms Agreement 
and the Master Definitions Agreement. 
The Class A Liquidity Facility will not be available to be drawn if a LF Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing. Following delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Initial Class A LF Agent may, by notice in writing 
to the affected (copied to the other LF Borrowers (as defined in the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement)) and

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
the Security Trustee, declare all outstanding drawings immediately due and payable and/or cancel the 
commitments of each Class A LF Provider. 
The Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if: (i) at any time the rating of any Class A LF Provider 
falls below the Minimum Long-Term Rating; or (ii) the relevant Class A LF Provider does not agree to renew 
its commitment under the Class A LF prior to the expiry of the relevant availability period: 
(a) 
the Cash Manager will use all reasonable endeavours to replace the relevant Class A LF Provider 
with a successor Class A LF Provider, a substitute Class A LF Provider or, in the case of (i) above 
only, a guarantor of such Class A LF Provider with the Minimum Long-Term Rating; and 
(b) 
(if a replacement is not made within the relevant time period specified in the Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement) Ellevio (or the Cash Manager on their behalf) will be entitled to require such 
Class A LF Provider to pay into the relevant Class A Liquidity Standby Account the full amount 
of the relevant Class A LF Provider’s undrawn commitment. 
Governing law 
The Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement 
Ellevio entered into the Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement on 19 January 2018. 
Under the terms of the Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Class B LF Providers make available a five-
year committed multicurrency revolving credit facility (which may be renewed) in an aggregate amount 
specified in the Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement for the purpose of covering any funding shortfall where 
it is unable to service amounts payable in respect of the Finance Documents and certain other payments due to 
the Secured Creditors, including amounts due under certain hedging agreements. 
Each Class B LF Provider must have a long term rating equal to or higher than the Minimum Long-Term Rating. 
Each Class B LF Provider will be a Secured Creditor and a party to the STID, the Common Terms Agreement 
and the Master Definitions Agreement. 
The Class B Liquidity Facility will not be available to be drawn if a LF Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing. Following delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Initial Class B LF Agent may, by notice in writing 
to the affected (copied to the other LF Borrowers (as defined in the Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement)) and 
the Security Trustee, declare all outstanding drawings immediately due and payable and/or cancel the 
commitments of each Class B LF Provider. 
The Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if: (i) at any time the rating of any Class B LF Provider 
falls below the Minimum Long-Term Rating; or (ii) the relevant Class B LF Provider does not agree to renew 
its commitment under the Class B LF prior to the expiry of the relevant availability period: 
(a) 
the Cash Manager will use all reasonable endeavours to replace the relevant Class B LF Provider 
with a successor Class B LF Provider, a substitute Class B LF Provider or, in the case of (i) above 
only, a guarantor of such Class B LF Provider with the Minimum Long-Term Rating; and 
(b) 
(if a replacement is not made within the relevant time period specified in the Class B Liquidity 
Facility Agreement) Ellevio (or the Cash Manager on their behalf) will be entitled to require such 
Class B LF Provider to pay into the relevant Class B Liquidity Standby Account the full amount 
of the relevant Class B LF Provider’s undrawn commitment.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
Governing law 
The Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Hedging Agreements 
Members of the Security Group may enter into various interest rate, inflation-linked and currency swap 
transactions with the Hedge Counterparties in compliance with the Hedging Policy, as outlined above. Hedging 
Agreements may be designated as Class A Hedging Agreements or Class B Hedging Agreements, which will 
constitute either Class A Debt or Class B Debt, as the case may be. As of the date of this Prospectus, no member 
of the Security Group has entered into any Class B Hedging Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Class A Hedging Agreements and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by English law. 
Account Bank Agreement 
General 
The Security Group has established the Operating Accounts which are held with the Primary Account Bank and 
the Supplemental Account pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement dated on 19 August 2016 between, among 
others, Ellevio, the Primary Account Bank, the Supplemental Account Bank, the Security Trustee and the 
Standstill Cash Manager. 
A Liquidity Standby Account and/or a Debt Service Reserve Account (together with the Operating Accounts, 
the “Accounts”) may also be opened and maintained with the Account Bank under the Account Bank 
Agreement. Any Liquidity Standby Account will be operated by the Class A LF Agent or the Class B LF Agent 
(as the case may be) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Upon receipt by the Account Bank of notice of the commencement of a Standstill Period and until such 
Standstill Period is terminated in accordance with the terms of the STID, the Account Bank shall act on the 
instructions of the Standstill Cash Manager in relation to the Accounts. Following delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice to the Account Bank, the Account Bank will act on the instructions of the Security Trustee in relation to 
the Accounts. 
Termination 
The Account Bank may resign its appointment upon not less than 120 days’ notice to the Security Group Agent 
and each Cash Manager (copied to the Security Trustee and the Standstill Cash Manager), provided that: 
(a) 
if such resignation would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before or after the date upon 
which the Security created under the Security Documents is released, or any Payment Date, it 
shall not take effect until the 30th day following such date; and 
(b) 
such resignation shall not take effect until a substitute Account Bank has been duly appointed. 
The Security Group may jointly revoke their appointment of the Account Bank by not less than 30 days’ notice 
to the Account Bank (with a copy to the Security Trustee and the Standstill Cash Manager), provided that such 
revocation shall not take effect until a substitute Account Bank with the requisite credit rating has been duly 
appointed. Furthermore the appointment of the Account Bank will terminate automatically if an Insolvency 
Event occurs in relation to the Account Bank.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Governing law 
The Account Bank Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
CHAPTER 17 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences for investors on the acquisition, ownership 
and disposal of Bonds. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden in effect as of the date of this Prospectus 
and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Bonds. The summary 
is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations (for example, investment companies and life insurance 
companies) or certain classes of taxpayers holding the Bonds (for example, dealers in Bonds, etc) that are not 
described below. In addition, the summary does not address Bonds that are held in an “investment savings 
account” (Sw. investeringssparkonto) and are subject to a specific tax regime. Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Bonds in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident Holders of Bonds 
As used herein, a Non-resident Holder means a holder of Bonds that is either (a) an individual who is not a 
resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the 
Bonds, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden (a “Non-resident Holder”). 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a Non-resident Holder should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that the Non-resident Holder does 
not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Bonds are effectively 
connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a Non-
resident Holder of any Bonds. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Bonds by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the non-resident holder of Bonds carries on business activities in Sweden through a 
permanent establishment to which the Bonds are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments (depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes) if they have been resident in or have lived 
permanently in Sweden at any time during (i) the calendar year of the disposal or redemption, or (ii) the ten 
calendar years preceding the year of the disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax 
treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident Holders of Bonds 
As used herein, a Resident Holder means a holder of Bonds that is either (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden (a “Resident Holder”). 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
Resident Holders of any Bonds, all capital income arising from the Bonds (for example, capital gains or income 
that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes) will be taxable.  
Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident Holder of Bonds. However, if amounts that 
are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual who is a Resident Holder

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
of Bonds (or to the estate of such an individual if deceased), Swedish preliminary tax (Sw. preliminärskatt) is 
normally withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (the “FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Original 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, 
Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). 
In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of Participating Member States. 
The Commission’s Original Proposal had a very broad scope and would, if introduced, have applied to certain 
dealings in the Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Bonds would, however, have been exempt. 
In 2019, the Finance Ministers of the Participating Member States indicated that they were discussing a new 
FTT proposal based on a French model of the tax (and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a contribution to 
the EU budget) (the “2019 FTT Proposal”). Under the 2019 FTT Proposal, the FTT would only have applied 
to transactions in financial instruments issued by a company, partnership or other entity whose registered office 
is established within one of the Participating Member States and which had a market capitalisation of at least 
EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective transaction. The FTT under the 2019 FTT 
Proposal would not have applied to straight bonds.  
No agreement has been reached between the Participating Member States on either the Commission’s Original 
Proposal or the 2019 FTT Proposal. Subsequently, the European Commission declared that, if there was no 
agreement between the Participating Member States by the end 2022, it would endeavour to propose a new own 
resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 with a view to its introduction by 1 January 2026, as also set out 
in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual Financial Framework for the years 2021 to 2027. 
Prospective holders of the Bonds should therefore note that the scope of any FTT proposal remains uncertain 
and subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. Any such proposal may also be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Accordingly, 
prospective holders of the Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to any FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Bonds, proposed regulations have been issued which provide that such withholding would not apply 
to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
categorised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if additional 
bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Bonds, including the Bonds offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.   Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Bonds. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Bonds, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
CHAPTER 18 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of NatWest Markets N.V., BNP Paribas, 
ING Bank N.V. or Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), and any other dealer appointed from time to time 
in respect of the Bond Programme or a particular Issue Date (the “Dealers”) pursuant to the dealer agreement 
dated on or before the date of this Prospectus as amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to 
time, made between, among others, the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). The 
arrangements under which a particular Tranche of Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Dealer Agreement and the subscription agreements 
relating to each Tranche of Bonds. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms 
and conditions of the relevant Bonds, the price at which such Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Bond Programme or in 
relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Bonds. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger and each of the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the Bond Programme and the issue of 
Bonds under the Dealer Agreement and the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Arranger and each of the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions of the United States of America  
Selling Restrictions 
The Bonds and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state of the United States or other jurisdictions and the Bonds may include Bearer Bonds that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
The Bonds and the Guarantees may not be offered or sold, or in the case of Bearer Bonds, delivered, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Bond Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Bonds, deliver 
Bonds and Guarantees: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of an identifiable Tranche of which such Bonds are a part, as determined and 
certified to the Issuing and Paying Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable Tranche of Bonds 
sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Bonds of an identifiable 
Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case, the Issuing and Paying Agent shall notify such Dealer when 
all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons,

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Bonds and the Guarantees during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds 
and the Guarantees within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Bonds, an offer or 
sale of Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche 
of Bonds) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Bonds and the Guarantees outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Bonds and the Guarantees in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Prospectus and the Bonds and the Guarantees, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
it is, or at the time Bonds and the Guarantees are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such 
Bonds and the Guarantees and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States 
(within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting 
on behalf of such an Affiliate; 
(b) 
it understands that such Bonds and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will 
not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Bonds and the Guarantees except in an offshore 
transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case, in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; and 
(c) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their Affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
EEA Selling Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Bonds specify that an offer of those Bonds may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt 
Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Bonds which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Bonds to the public” in relation to any Bonds 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Bonds and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The price and amount of Bonds to be issued under the Bond Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each Relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospective Regulation”)” and 
(b) 
the expression “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA ; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and  
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Bond Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Norwegian Selling Restrictions 
This Prospectus has not been produced in accordance with the prospectus requirements laid down in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 (in Norwegian: lov om verdipapirhandel av 29. juni 2007 
nr. 75), as amended. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer 
or the Bonds has been approved by, or registered with, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finanstilsynet). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Bonds have not been and will not be offered or 
sold to the public in Norway, or otherwise offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Norway 
other than in compliance with the provisions of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act or any other laws 
applicable in Norway governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Bonds denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the 
Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless the Bonds are registered with the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or 
another securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority as being entitled to register such Bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014. Each 
purchaser of Bonds denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged,

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
represented and agreed that such Bonds may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or 
for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, except in circumstances where such registration requirement has been 
observed. This Prospectus is for the recipient only and may not in any way be forwarded to any other person or 
to the public in Norway. 
Australian Selling Restriction 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) in relation 
to the Bond Programme or the Bonds has been, or will be, lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission (“ASIC”),. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Bond Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the applicable Final 
Terms otherwise provide, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and 
will not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Bonds in, to or from 
Australia(including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to the Bonds in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the minimum aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does 
not otherwise require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act 2001; 
(ii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, without limitation, 
the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act);  
(iii) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC; and 
(iv) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client” within the meaning of section 761G 
of the Corporations Act. 
Swedish Selling Restrictions  
The distribution of this Prospectus is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to any person in Sweden to buy the 
Bonds and may not be forwarded to any other person or to the public in Sweden. This Prospectus has not been 
and will not be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen, the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Accordingly, this Prospectus may not be made available, nor may the Bonds otherwise be marketed and offered 
for sale in Sweden, other than in circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Swiss Selling Restrictions 
In Switzerland, this Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Bonds. The Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Bonds to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Bonds may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, nor the Issuer nor 
the Bonds have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. The Bonds are not 
subject to supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority, e.g., the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory 
Authority (“FINMA”), and investors in the Bonds will not benefit from protection or supervision by any such 
authority. 
Japanese Selling Restrictions  
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed unde the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Bonds in Japan as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan) except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Save for obtaining the approval of this Prospectus by the Central Bank for the Bonds to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has made any representation that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction 
by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Bonds, or possession or distribution of this 
Prospectus (in preliminary, proof or final form) or any other offering or publicity material relating to the Bonds, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer has agreed that it will 
comply to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, offers, sells or delivers Bonds or has in its possession or distributes 
this Prospectus (in preliminary, proof or final form) or any such other material, in all cases at its own expense. 
It will also ensure that no obligations are imposed on the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other Dealer in any 
jurisdiction as a result of any of the foregoing actions. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific country or jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
in the official interpretation, after the date of the Dealer Agreement, of applicable laws and regulations, no 
longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of a supplement 
or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Bonds) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
CHAPTER 19 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Clearing Systems 
The Bonds will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Series of Bonds to be allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If the Bonds are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
Secondary market trading between Euroclear participants and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants will 
occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds in 
immediately available funds.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
CHAPTER 20 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Bond Programme, and the issue of Bonds have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the board of directors (the “Board“) of the Issuer passed at meetings of the Board held on 17 June 2016 and on 
28 November 2017 and on 28 April 2020 and on 30 November 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain 
from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Bonds. 
Listing of Bonds 
It is expected that each Series of Bonds which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on Euronext 
Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Bond or Bonds 
initially representing the Bonds of such Series. The listing of the Bond Programme in respect of Bonds was 
granted on the date of this Prospectus. 
However, Bonds may also be issued pursuant to the Bond Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other Stock Exchange or which will be listed on such Stock Exchange as the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For so long as the Bond Programme remains in effect or any Bonds shall be outstanding, copies of the following 
documents will be available for inspection  in electronic form on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-
documents/: 
(a) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(b) 
any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of 
any Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus will only be available for inspection by the relevant Bondholders; 
(c) 
the Trust Deed; 
(d) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(e) 
the STID; 
(f) 
the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(g) 
the Security Agreement; 
(h) 
the Account Bank Agreement; 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(j) 
the Common Documents; 
(k) 
each Investor Report; and

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
(l) 
the IACFA; 
each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and 
which have been filed with the Central Bank. The Prospectus will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Websites 
The website of Ellevio is https://www.ellevio.se. The information on this website does not form part of this 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Transparency Directive 
Under the terms of the STID, the Issuer is required, if it is impracticable or unduly burdensome to maintain the 
admission of all listed Bonds to trading on Euronext Dublin, to use reasonable endeavours to procure and 
maintain an alternative listing. Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 
December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers 
whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market came into force on 20 January 2005 and has 
recently been amended by the 2010 PD Amending Directive (the “Transparency Directive“).  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 or the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2022. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since 31 December 2022.  
Litigation 
The Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor are aware) 
which may have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
Availability of Financial Statements 
The following documents will be available, upon request, free of charge from the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.ellevio.se/en/about-ellevio/this-is-Ellevio/Financials-and-governance/financial-reports-
documents/.   
(a) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 in 
respect of Ellevio AB (publ) prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP (RFR2) 
(https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2021/ellevio_ar21_en_web.pdf) together with the audit report thereon, each of which 
have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which 
have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(b) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 in 
respect of Ellevio AB (publ) prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP (RFR2) 
(https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-
information/2022/ellevio_ar22_en_web.pdf) together with the audit report thereon, each of which

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which 
have been filed with the Central Bank; 
(c) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 in 
respect of Ellevio Holding 4 AB prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP 
(https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-information/2021/annual-report-2021-
ellevio-holding-4-ab-eng2.pdf) together with the audit report thereon, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; and 
(d) 
the audited unconsolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 in 
respect of Ellevio Holding 4 AB prepared in accordance with Swedish GAAP 
(https://www.ellevio.se/globalassets/content/finansiell-information/2022/annual-report-2022-
ellevio-holding-4-ab-eng2.pdf) together with the audit report thereon, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
In addition, a copy of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to the 
Bonds which are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will also be available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young AB, Hamngatan 26, SE 111 47 Stockholm, Sweden which is 
registered to carry out audit work by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants (Sw. Revisorsinspektionen). 
The auditors of the Guarantor are Ernst & Young AB, Hamngatan 26, SE 111 47 Stockholm, Sweden which is 
registered to carry out audit work by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants (Sw. Revisorsinspektionen). 
Legend 
Permanent Global Bonds, Bearer Bonds and any Receipts, Talons and Coupons appertaining thereto where 
TERFA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will bear a legend substantially to the 
following effect: “Any U.S. person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” The sections referred to in such legend provide that a U.S. person who holds such a Bond, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as 
capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Information in respect of the Bonds 
The Issue Price and the amount of the relevant Bonds will be determined, before filing of relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus of each Tranche of Bonds, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer 
does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Bonds; however, see the 
requirement to deliver an Investor Report in accordance with the STID.  
Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Obligors, the Issuer and their respective 
Affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their Affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Obligors, the Issuer or 
their respective Affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Obligors and/or the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Obligors and/or the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their Affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Bonds issued under the Bond Programme or whether a 
specified barrier or level is reached. The Dealers and their Affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Maples and Calder LLP and the address of its registered office is 75 St. Stephen’s 
Green, Dublin 2, Ireland. Maples and Calder LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Bonds to the Official List or to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
Interests of the Arranger and Dealers 
The Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, 
the Security Group and/or their Affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Security Group 
or their Affiliates. The Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Security Group routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Security Group consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, the Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Bonds issued under the Bond Programme or whether 
a specified barrier or level is reached. The Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Language of this Prospectus 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
CHAPTER 21 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
Acceleration Notice 
means a notice delivered by the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
STID by which the Security Trustee declares that some or all 
Secured Liabilities shall be accelerated. 
Acceptable Bank 
means: 
(a) an Original Initial ACF Lender; 
(b) a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its 
long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt 
obligations of BBB+ or higher by S&P or Fitch or Baa1 or 
higher by Moody’s or a comparable rating from an 
internationally recognised credit rating agency; or 
(c) any other bank or financial institution approved by the 
Majority Secured Creditors. 
Accession Memorandum 
each memorandum to be entered into pursuant to: 
(a) clauses 2.2 (Accession of Additional Secured Creditor) and 
2.5 (Execution of Accession Memorandum) of the STID and 
which is substantially in the form set out in part 1 (Form of 
Accession Memorandum (Additional Secured Creditor)) of 
schedule 1 (Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID; 
(b) clause 2.3 (Accession of Additional Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor) of the STID and which is substantially 
in the form set out in part 4 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum (New Subordinated Intragroup Creditor)) of 
schedule 1 (Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID; 
(c) clause 2.4 (Accession of Additional Subordinated Creditor) 
of the STID and which is substantially in the form set out 
in part 5 (Form of Accession Memorandum (New 
Subordinated Creditor)) of schedule 1 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum) to the STID; 
(d) clause 2.1 (Accession of Additional Obligors) of the STID 
and which is substantially in the form set out in part 3 
(Form of Accession Memorandum (New Obligors)) of 
schedule 1 (Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID; 
or 
(e) clause 30 (Benefit of Deed) (as applicable) of the STID and 
which substantially is in the form set out in part 2 (Form of 
Accession Memorandum (Existing Secured Liabilities)) of 
schedule 1 (Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID. 
Account Bank 
means: 
(a) during the period ending on 2 June 2017,  the Primary 
Account Bank in respect of the Primary Accounts and the 
Supplemental Account Bank in respect of the Supplemental 
Accounts; and

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
(b) following 2 June 2017, the Primary Account Bank  in 
respect of all Accounts, and 
in each case, any successor account bank appointed pursuant to 
the Account Bank Agreement 
Account Bank Agreement 
means the account bank agreement dated the Closing Date 
between the Obligors, the Primary Account Bank, the 
Supplemental Account Bank, the Security Trustee and the 
Standstill Cash Manager. 
Accounts 
means any bank accounts of an Obligor (including any sub-
account or sub-accounts relating to that account and any 
replacement account from time to time). 
Accountholder 
has the meaning given to it on page 172 of this Prospectus. 
Accounting Principles 
means generally accepted accounting principles in Sweden. 
ACER 
means the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators. 
ACF Arranger 
means an arranger under an Authorised Credit Facility. 
Achievable Cost Savings 
means in relation to a Permitted Acquisition, the Consolidated 
EBITDA from cost savings reasonably anticipated to be 
achieved in connection with that Permitted Acquisition in the 
twelve month period following completion of that Permitted 
Acquisition, provided that such cost savings are: 
(a) certified by the Head of Finance or Head of Treasury; and 
(b) in an amount not exceeding ten per cent. of the earnings 
before interest, Tax, depreciation and impairment of the 
company or business to be acquired (as set out in the target 
company’s most recent financial statements and calculated 
on the same basis as Consolidated EBITDA). 
Act on Special Administration of Certain 
Electronic Installations 
has the meaning given to it on page 104 of this Prospectus.  
Acquisition 
means the acquisition referred to on page 58 of this Prospectus. 
Additional Holdco 
means any limited liability off the shelf company or company 
incorporated in connection with the proposed issuance of 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness where each such 
company: 
(a) accedes to the STID as an Obligor (as defined therein); 
(b) becomes an additional Guarantor; 
(c) is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent or Ellevio; 
(d) incorporated in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, 
Luxembourg or Sweden or, with the prior the prior consent 
of the majority Qualifying Secured Creditors, any other 
Participating Member State; and 
(e) subject to the Legal Reservations, first ranking Borrower 
Security is granted over all of the shares in and loans made 
to such company.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Additional Obligor 
means any person wishing or required to become an Obligor who 
accedes to the Common Terms Agreement in accordance with 
clause 1.5 (Obligors) of the Common Terms Agreement and the 
STID in accordance with clause 2.1 (Accession of Additional 
Obligors) of the STID. 
Additional Secured Creditors 
means any person not already a Secured Creditor which becomes 
a Secured Creditor pursuant to the provisions of Clause 2.2 
(Accession of Additional Secured Creditor) of the STID and 
which shall not be an Additional Subordinated Creditor or an 
Additional Subordinated Intragroup Creditor. 
Additional Subordinated Creditor 
means an additional Subordinated Creditor who accedes to the 
STID in accordance with Clause 2.4 (Accession of Additional 
Subordinated Creditor) of the STID and delivers an accession 
memorandum in accordance with the terms of part 5 (Form of 
Accession Memorandum (New Subordinated Creditor)) of 
schedule 1 (Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID. 
Additional Subordinated Intragroup 
Creditor 
means any member of the Security Group who accedes to the 
STID as an additional Subordinated Intragroup Creditor in 
accordance 
with 
clause 
2.3 
(Accession of Additional 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor) of the STID and delivers an 
accession memorandum in accordance with the terms of part 4 
(Form 
of Accession 
Memorandum 
(New 
Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor)) of schedule 1 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum) to the STID. 
Additional Total Leverage Ratio 
means, in respect of any Total Relevant Period, the ratio of (i) 
Total Net Debt less any Equity Cure Amount for that Total 
Relevant Period, to (ii) Total Consolidated EBITDA on the last 
day of that Total Relevant Period. 
Adjourned Voting Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 149 of this Prospectus. 
Administrative Court or Court 
means one of the 12 administrative courts of Sweden.  
Administrative Court of Appeal 
means one of the four administrative courts of appeal of Sweden. 
Affected Secured Creditor(s) 
means each Secured Creditor who is affected (as construed by 
reference to clause 16.2 (Meaning of “affected”) of the STID) 
by an Entrenched Right. 
Affiliate 
means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a 
Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that 
Holding Company. 
Agency Agreement 
means the agreement dated 2 September 2016 pursuant to which 
Ellevio has appointed the Issuing and Paying Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and Transfer 
Agents in relation to all or any Sub-Class of Bonds, and any other 
agreement for the time being in force appointing further or other 
Paying Agents, or Transfer Agents or any other Paying Agent, 
Account Bank, Calculation Agent or Registrar in relation to all 
or any Sub-Class of Bonds, or in connection with their duties,

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
unless permitted under the Agency Agreement, where necessary 
with the prior written approval of the Bond Trustee, together with 
any agreement for the time being in force amending or modifying 
any of the aforesaid agreements. 
Agent 
means each of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar, the Exchange Agent or any other agent appointed by 
Ellevio pursuant to the Agency Agreement or a Calculation 
Agency Agreement, and Agents means all of them. 
Agent Bank 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any relevant Sub-Class, the 
bank initially appointed as agent bank in relation to such Bonds 
by Ellevio pursuant to the Agency Agreement or, if applicable, 
any successor agent bank appointed pursuant to the Bond 
Programme Documents in relation to such Bonds. 
Agreed Security Principles 
means the security principles set out in schedule 9 (Agreed 
Security Principles) to the Common Terms Agreement. 
AIFMD 
means Directive 2006/48/EC, as the same is referenced in 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
and Amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and 
Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 1095/2010. 
AIFMR 
means the Commission Delegated Regulation No 231/2013 of 
19 December 2012 supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
exemptions, general operating conditions, depositaries, leverage, 
transparency and supervision. 
Allowed Revenue Ordinance 
means the Ordinance on Allowed Revenue for Electricity 
Network Companies (Sw. förordningen (2018:1520) om 
intäktsram för elnätsföretag) 
AMF  
 
means SVLN Grid AB (Reg. No 559382-5663) a wholly owned 
subsidiary to AMF Tjänstepension AB (Reg. No 502033-2259)  
AMF is an occupational pensions company that is owned equally 
by the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (LO) and the 
Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. AMF is run according to 
mutual principles, entailing that AMF's profits accrue in their 
entirety to the customers 
AMM 
means Automatic Meter Management. 
Ancillary Facility 
means any facility made available by a lender pursuant to the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement or any subsequent 
Authorised Credit Facility Agreement and designated as an 
Ancillary Facility under the terms of the applicable Authorised 
Credit Facility Agreement. 
Annual Financial Statements 
means the financial statements delivered to the Secured 
Creditors by Ellevio pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement. 
AP3 
means Tredje AP-fonden (Reg. No. 802014-4120), a national 
pension fund that is a part of the Kingdom of Sweden, whose

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
principal place of business is at Vasagatan 7, 9th floor, P.O. Box 
1176, 111 91 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Applicable Law 
means any law or regulation including, but not limited to: 
(a) any domestic or foreign statute or regulation; 
(b) any rule or practice of any authority, stock exchange or self-
regulatory organisation with which a Party is bound or 
accustomed to comply; and 
(c) any agreement entered into by a Party and any competent 
regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in 
any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign or between any two 
such governmental authorities. 
Arbetsmiljöverket 
means the Swedish Work Environment Authority. 
Area Concessions 
has the meaning given to it on page 18 of this Prospectus. 
Arranger 
means NatWest Markets N.V.. 
ASIC 
has the meaning given to it on page 239 of this Prospectus. 
Asset Management and Design 
means the Asset Management and Design division of Ellevio. 
Assignor Related Rights 
means, in relation to any Security Asset: 
(a) any moneys or proceeds paid or payable deriving from that 
Security Asset; 
(b) any proceeds of sale, transfer or other disposal, lease, 
licence, sub-licence, or agreement for sale, transfer or other 
disposal, lease, licence or sub-licence, of that Security 
Asset. 
Auditors 
means Ernst & Young AB or such other independent public 
accountants of international standing which may be appointed 
by the Obligors in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement as the Auditors for the Security Group. 
Authorisation 
means each Concession and any other authorisation, consent, 
approval, permit, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, 
notarisation or registration. 
Authorised Credit Facility or Authorised 
Credit Facilities 
means: 
(a) the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities;  
(b) any Class B Senior Term Facility; 
(c) any Class A Bonds; 
(d) any Class B Bonds; 
(e) any Class B Capex Facility; 
(f) 
each Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement, together with 
any Class A PP Notes issued thereunder; 
(g) each Class B PP Note Purchase Agreement, together with 
any Class B PP Notes issued thereunder; 
(h) any Class A Institutional Loan; 
(i) 
any Class B Institutional Loan;

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
(j) 
the Class A Liquidity Facilities;  
(k) the Class B Liquidity Facilities;  
(l) 
any Class A Hedging Transactions;  
(m) any Class B Hedging Transactions; 
(n) any Super Senior Hedging Transactions; 
(o) any other facility or agreement entered into by any Obligor 
for Secured Debt as permitted by the terms of the Common 
Terms Agreement and pursuant to which the providers of 
which are parties to or have acceded to the STID and the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
(p) any fee letter or commitment letter entered into in 
connection with the foregoing facilities or agreements or 
the transactions contemplated in the foregoing facilities; 
and  
(q) any other document that has been entered into in connection 
with the foregoing facilities or agreements or the 
transactions contemplated thereby that has been designated 
as an Authorised Credit Facility for the purposes of this 
definition by the parties thereto (including at least one 
Obligor). 
Authorised Credit Facility Agreement 
means an agreement documenting an Authorised Credit Facility. 
Authorised Credit Provider(s) 
means a lender or other provider of credit or financial 
accommodation under any Authorised Credit Facility. 
Authorised Signatory 
means any person who is duly authorised by Ellevio or any Party 
and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided signed by 
a director of Ellevio or such Party setting out the name and 
signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority 
to act. 
Available Enforcement Proceeds 
means, on any date, all moneys received or recovered by the 
Security Trustee (or any Receiver appointed by it) in respect of 
the Borrower Security and under the Guarantees from the 
Obligors (but excluding any amounts standing to the credit of or 
recovered by the Security Trustee from any Liquidity Standby 
Account and any Tax credits paid to an Obligor by an Authorised 
Credit Provider in accordance with an Authorised Credit Facility 
Agreement). 
Backward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the Relevant Period not 
being less than 1.70:1;  
(b) the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period not being 
greater than 10.75:1; and  
(c) the Senior Historic Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period 
not being less than 0.05:1. 
Base Currency 
means the Swedish Krona.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Base Index Figure 
means (subject to Condition 7I(i) (Change in base) of the Terms 
and Conditions) the base index figure as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Basel Committee 
means the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
Basel III 
has the meaning given to it on page 42 of this Prospectus. 
Basic Terms Modification(s) 
means any matter or proposal that seeks to: 
(a) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Bonds, 
any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Bonds; 
(b) reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment 
Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the 
Bonds;  
(c) reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Bonds 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Bonds;  
(d) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum;  
(e) vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount; 
(f) 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Bonds;  
(g) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Bondholders or the majority required to 
pass the Extraordinary Resolution; or  
(h) make any modification to this definition,  
in which case, the necessary quorum shall be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at 
any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal 
amount of the Bonds for the time being outstanding with any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed being binding on 
Bondholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at 
which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Bearer Bonds 
means those Bonds which are for the time being in bearer form. 
Bearer Definitive Bonds 
means a Bearer Bond in definitive form issued or, as the case 
may require, to be issued by Ellevio in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed in exchange for either a 
Temporary Bearer Global Bond or part thereof or a Permanent 
Bearer Global Bond or part thereof (all as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), such Bearer Bond in definitive form 
being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Trust

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be 
issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between 
Ellevio, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s), and having the Conditions endorsed thereon 
or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, incorporating the 
Conditions by reference as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and having the relevant information supplementing, 
replacing or modifying the Conditions appearing in the 
applicable Final Terms endorsed thereon or attached thereto and 
having Coupons and, where appropriate, Receipts and/or Talons 
attached thereto on issue. 
Block Voting Instruction 
means: 
 
(a) in relation to voting by the holders of Bearer Bonds: 
 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by a 
Paying Agent; 
 
(ii) 
certifying that the Deposited Bonds have been 
deposited with such Paying Agent (or to its order at 
a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account 
with a clearing system and will not be released until 
the earlier of: 
 
(A) 
close of business (London time) on the 
Voting Date; and 
 
(B) 
the surrender to such Paying Agent, not less 
than 24 hours before the Voting Date of the 
receipt for the Deposited Bonds and 
notification thereof by such Paying Agent to 
the Bond Trustee; 
 
(b) in relation to voting by the holders of Registered Bonds: 
 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by the 
Registrar or the Paying Agent; 
 
(A) 
(where the Registered Bonds are represented 
by a Global Bond) that certain specified 
Registered Bonds (each a Blocked Bond) 
have been blocked in an account with a 
clearing system and will not be released until 
close of business (London time) on the 
Voting Date and that the holder of each 
Blocked Bond or a duly authorised person on 
its behalf has instructed the Registrar that the 
Votes attributable to such Blocked Bond are 
to be cast in a particular way on a Voting 
Matter; or

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
(B) 
(where the Registered Bonds are represented 
by Registered Definitive Bonds) that each 
registered 
holder 
of 
certain 
specified 
Registered Bonds (each a Relevant Bond) or 
a duly authorised person on its behalf has 
instructed the Registrar that those Votes 
attributable to each Relevant Bond held by it 
are to be cast in a particular way on such 
Voting Matter;  
 
(ii) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of the 
Blocked 
Bonds 
and 
the 
Relevant 
Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given to Vote for, or against, 
such Voting Matter; and 
 
(iii) 
authorising the Paying Agent, or a tabulation agent, 
as proxy for the holders of the Deposited Bonds, to 
vote in respect of the Blocked Bonds and the 
Relevant Bonds in connection with such Voting 
Matter in accordance with such instructions and the 
provisions of the Bond Trust Deed. 
Bond(s)  
means a bond issued pursuant to the Bond Programme and 
denominated in such currency or currencies as may be agreed 
between an Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) which has such 
maturity and denomination as may be agreed between such 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) and issued or to be issued by 
such Issuer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other 
agreement between an Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating 
to the Bond Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust 
Deed and which shall, in the case of a Bearer Bond, either: (a) 
initially be represented by, and comprised in, a Temporary Bearer 
Global Bond which may (in accordance with the terms of such 
Temporary Bearer Global Bond) be exchanged for Bearer 
Definitive Bonds or a Permanent Bearer Global Bond. The 
Permanent Bearer Global Bond may (in accordance with the 
terms of such Permanent Bearer Global Bond) in turn be 
exchanged for Bearer Definitive Bonds; or (b) be represented by, 
and comprised in, a Permanent Bearer Global Bond which may 
(in accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global 
Bond) be exchanged for Bearer Definitive Bonds (all as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and which may, in the 
case of Registered Bonds, either be in definitive form or be 
represented by, and comprised in, one or more Registered Global 
Bonds, each of which may (in accordance with the terms of such 
Registered Global Bond) be exchanged for Registered Definitive 
Bonds or another Registered Global Bond (all as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) and includes any replacements for a

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Bond (whether a Bearer Bond or a Registered Bond, as the case 
may be) issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Bonds, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons) of the relevant Bonds, and 
“Bonds” shall be construed accordingly (but excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any PP Notes). 
Bondholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the outstanding Bonds (being, in the case of Bearer Bonds, the 
bearers thereof and, in the case of Registered Bonds, the several 
persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the 
Registered Bonds as the holders thereof), save that, in respect of 
the Bonds of any Series, for so long as such Bonds or any part 
thereof are represented by a Global Bond deposited with a 
common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or common 
safekeeper (in the case of an NGN or a Registered Global Bond 
held under the NSS) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an 
accountholder of Euroclear, and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be 
an accountholder of Clearstream, Luxembourg) as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of the Bonds of such Series shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such principal amount of such Bonds 
(and the holder of the relevant Global Bond shall be deemed not 
to be the holder) for all purposes of the Trust Deed other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Bonds and, the rights to which shall be 
vested, as against an Issuer and the Bond Trustee, solely in such 
common depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee and for 
which purpose such common depositary, common safekeeper or 
its nominee shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Bonds in accordance with and subject to its terms 
and the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Conditions; and the 
expressions “Bondholder”, “holder” and “holder of the 
Bonds” and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be 
construed accordingly. 
Bond Programme 
means the €10,000,000,000 multicurrency bond programme 
established by Ellevio. 
Bond Programme Documents 
means: 
(a) the Bonds (including any applicable Coupons and Final 
Terms); 
(b) the Trust Deed (including the Conditions); 
(c) the Account Bank Agreement; 
(d) the Agency Agreement;  
(e) the Dealer Agreement; and 
(f) 
the Calculation Agency Agreement. 
Bond Programme Signing Date 
means on or about the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
Bond Trustee 
means Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or any other successor 
trustee appointed pursuant to the Bond Programme Documents) 
acting as bond trustee, for and on behalf of the Bondholders. 
Borealis 
means, together or individually, each of OMERS Administration 
Corporation (“OAC”) and one or more funds (including limited 
partnerships, corporations or trusts) formed by or on behalf of 
Borealis Infrastructure Management Inc. or OAC for the 
purposes of ensuring OAC’s compliance with the Pensions 
Benefit Act (Ontario).  
Borrower(s)  
means Ellevio or any company which becomes a borrower or an 
additional borrower in each case entitled to borrow any Secured 
Debt in accordance with the relevant terms of one or more 
Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as a borrower 
unless such person ceases to be a Borrower in accordance with 
clause 22 (Changes to the Borrowers) of the Initial Authorised 
Credit Facilities Agreement or clause 22 (Changes to the 
Borrowers) of the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement (as 
applicable).  
Borrower Security 
means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour 
of the Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Documents. 
Borrowings 
means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal, capital 
or nominal amount (and any fixed or minimum premium payable 
on prepayment or redemption) of any indebtedness of members 
of the Security Group for or in respect of: 
(a) accretion on debt and inflation swaps; 
(b) moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other 
financial institutions; 
(c) any acceptances under any acceptance credit or bill 
discount facility (or dematerialised equivalent); 
(d) any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds (but not 
trade instruments), notes, debentures, loan stock or any 
similar instrument; 
(e) any Finance Lease; 
(f) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables 
to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); 
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, 
bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other 
instrument (but not, in any case, trade instruments) issued 
by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying 
liability of an entity which is not a member of the Security 
Group, which liability would fall within one of the other 
paragraphs of this definition; 
(h) any amount raised by the issue of shares which are 
redeemable (other than at the option of the issuer);

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
(i) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred 
purchase agreement if the primary reason behind the entry 
into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance the 
acquisition or construction of the asset or service in 
question; 
(j) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including 
any forward sale or purchase agreement, sale and sale back 
or sale and leaseback agreement) classified as borrowings 
under the Accounting Principles; and 
(k) (without double counting) the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above, 
but excluding (i) any Subordinated Liabilities; (ii) Subordinated 
Intragroup Liabilities and (iii) any Secured Debt held by a 
member of the Security Group. 
Business Acquisition 
means the acquisition of a company or any shares or securities 
or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in any 
of them) or the incorporation of a company. 
Business Day(s) 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
are open for general business in London, Dublin, Geneva, 
Luxembourg, New York, Oslo and Stockholm, and: 
(a) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of a 
currency other than Euro) the principal financial centre of 
the country of that currency; or 
(b) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of Euro) 
any TARGET Day. 
Business Day Convention 
means either the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, the 
Following Business Day Convention, the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention or the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Mortgage Certificates 
has the meaning given to it on page 35 of this Prospectus. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any Tranche, an agreement in 
or substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Agent 
means, in relation to any Tranche of Bonds, the person appointed 
as calculation agent in relation to such Tranche of Bonds by 
Ellevio pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency 
Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any 
successor calculation agent appointed in respect of such Tranche 
of Bonds. 
Calculation Date  
means 30 June and 31 December or such other dates as may be 
agreed as a result of a change in the financial year end (and 
associated change in the calculation of financial covenants) or 
regulatory year end relating to any Obligor and the Security 
Group.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
Capex Facility 
means the Class A Capex Facility, the Class B Capex Facility or 
both, as the context may require. 
Capex Facility Providers 
means the Original Initial ACF Lenders in their capacity as 
Capex Facility Providers together with any party which provides 
Ellevio with a Capex Facility and accedes to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the STID. 
Capex Facility Rollover Loan 
means one or more Capex Facility loans: 
(a) made or to be made on the same day that a maturing Capex 
Facility loan is due to be repaid; 
(b) the aggregate amount of which is equal to or less than the 
maturing Capex Facility loan; 
(c) in the same currency as the maturing Capex Facility loan 
(unless it arose as a result of the operation of Clause 6.2 of 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement 
(Unavailability of a currency); and 
(d) made or to be made to Ellevio for the purpose of 
refinancing that maturing Capex Facility loan. 
Capex Lenders 
means the lenders under the Capex Facility from time to time. 
Capital Expenditure or Capex 
means any expenditure or obligation in respect of expenditure 
(other than expenditure or obligations in respect of Business 
Acquisitions) which, in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles, is treated as capital expenditure (including the capital 
element of any expenditure or obligation incurred in connection 
with a Finance Lease). 
Cash 
means, at any time, cash denominated in SEK, EUR, GBP, USD, 
CAD, NOK, CHF or DKK in hand or at bank and (in the latter 
case) credited to an account in the name of any member of the 
Security Group with an Acceptable Bank and to which a member 
of the Security Group is alone (or together with any other 
member of the Security Group) beneficially entitled and for so 
long as: 
(a) that cash is repayable within 30 days after the relevant date 
of calculation; 
(b) repayment of that cash is not contingent on the prior 
discharge of any other indebtedness of any member of the 
Security Group or of any other person whatsoever, or on the 
satisfaction of any other condition; 
(c) there is no Security over that cash except for Security or 
any Permitted Security constituted by a netting or set-off 
arrangement entered into by any member of the Security 
Group in the ordinary course of their banking 
arrangements; and 
(d) the cash is freely and (except as mentioned in paragraph (a) 
above) immediately available to be applied in repayment or 
prepayment of the Secured Debt.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
Cash Equivalent Investments 
means at any time: 
(a) certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the 
relevant date of calculation and issued by an Acceptable 
Bank; 
(b) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or 
guaranteed by the government of: 
(i) 
the United States of America; 
(ii) 
the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
Canada; 
(iv) 
Sweden; or 
(v) 
any member state of the European Economic Area 
or any Participating Member State which has a 
credit rating of either A-1 or higher by S&P or F1 or 
higher by Fitch or P1 or higher by Moody’s, or by 
an instrumentality or agency of any of them having 
an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year 
after the relevant date of calculation and not 
convertible or exchangeable to any other security; 
(c) commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any 
other security: 
(i) 
for which a recognised trading market exists; 
(ii) 
issued by an issuer incorporated in: 
(A) 
the United States of America; 
(B) 
the United Kingdom; 
(C) 
Canada 
(D) 
Sweden; or 
(E) 
any member state of the European Economic 
Area or any Participating Member State 
which has a credit rating of either A-1 or 
higher by S&P or F1 or higher by Fitch or P1 
or higher by Moody’s; 
(iii) 
which matures within one year after the relevant 
date of calculation; and 
(iv) 
which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by 
S&P or F1 or higher by Fitch or P1 or higher by 
Moody’s, or, if no rating is available in respect of 
the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in 
respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit 
enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating;

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
(d) sterling bills of exchange eligible for discount at the Bank 
of England and accepted by an Acceptable Bank (or their 
dematerialised equivalent); 
(e) any investment in money market funds which (i) have a 
credit rating of either A-1 or higher by S&P or F1 or higher 
by Fitch or P1 or higher by Moody’s, (ii) which invest 
substantially all their assets in securities of the types 
described in paragraphs (a) to (d) above and (iii) can be 
turned into cash on not more than 30 days’ notice; or 
(f) 
any other debt security approved by the Security Trustee in 
accordance with the STID, 
in each case, denominated in SEK, EUR, GBP, NOK, DKK, 
CHF, USD or CAN$ and to which any member of the Security 
Group is alone (or together with other members of the Security 
Group beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued 
or guaranteed by any member of the Security Group or subject 
to any Security. 
Cash Manager 
means: 
(a) subject to limb (c) below, with respect to the Issuer, the 
Issuer;  
(b) subject to limb (c) below, with respect to any other Obligor, 
the respective holder of the relevant Operating Account; 
and 
(c) during and after a Standstill Period (except where a 
Standstill Period is terminated pursuant to clause 19.4.1(iii) 
(Termination of Standstill) of the STID), the Standstill Cash 
Manager. 
Cash Manager Determination Date 
means the date which is five Business Days prior to a Payment 
Date. 
CDS 
means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited.  
CEER 
means Council of European Energy Regulators. 
Central Bank 
means Central Bank of Ireland. 
Certificate(s) 
means the registered certificates by which Bonds in registered 
form will be represented and each of which is being issued in 
respect of each Bondholder’s entire holding of Registered Bonds 
of one Series. 
Certified Storm Event 
means an event certified by a director of Ellevio to have been 
caused by a storm, where such certification also details the costs 
incurred by any member of the Security Group in connection 
with such event. 
Charged Property 
means all of the assets which from time to time are, or are 
expressed to be, the subject of the Borrower Security. 
Chief Executive Officer 
means the Chief Executive Officer of Ellevio, Johan Lindehag. 
CHP 
means combined heat and power.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
CJEU 
means Court of Justice of the European Union. 
Class  
means in relation to the Bonds, each class of Bonds, the available 
classes of Bonds being Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds. 
Class A Aggregate Available Liquidity 
means the sum of the aggregate available commitments under 
any Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and the balance (if 
any) in any Class A Debt Service Reserve Account as at the 
relevant Calculation Date. 
Class A Bondholders 
means the holders of Class A Bonds. 
Class A Bonds 
means the class A Bonds issued by Ellevio from time to time 
under the Bond Programme.  
Class A Capex Facility 
means the revolving capital expenditure facility made available 
by the relevant lender(s) pursuant to the Initial Authorised Credit 
Facilities Agreement or any other revolving capital expenditure 
facility made available pursuant to any other Class A Permitted 
Additional Financial Indebtedness. 
Class A Creditors 
means:  
(a) the Initial ACF Lenders; 
(b) the Class A Bondholders; 
(c) the Class A PP Noteholders; 
(d) the Class A Institutional Loan Providers; 
(e) each Class A Hedge Counterparty; or 
(f) 
the holders of any Class A Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness. 
Class A Debt 
means any Financial Indebtedness that is, for the purposes of the 
STID, to be treated as Class A Debt and includes the Financial 
Indebtedness incurred under: 
(a) any Class A Bonds; 
(b) any Class A PP Notes; 
(c) any Class A Institutional Loan; 
(d) any Class A PP Notes; 
(e) the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(f) 
the Class A Liquidity Facility; 
(g) any Class A Hedging Transaction; and 
(h) any other Financial Indebtedness designated as Class A 
Debt in the applicable Finance Document. 
Class A Debt Service Reserve Account 
means each account so designated, opened and maintained by 
Ellevio as an alternative to, or in addition to, a Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, in order to maintain any Class A Liquidity 
Required Amount. 
Class A Hedge Counterparty 
means an Initial Hedge Counterparty or a Hedge Counterparty 
who is a party to a Class A Hedging Agreement. 
Class A Hedging Agreement 
means an interest rate Hedging Agreement under which the 
obligations of Ellevio rank pari passu with the Ellevio's

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
obligations under the Class A Debt or a currency Hedging 
Agreement in respect of Class A Debt. 
Class A Hedging Transaction  
means a Hedging Transaction arising under a Class A Hedging 
Agreement. 
Class A Institutional Loan 
means an institutional term loan facility provided by any Class A 
Institutional Loan Provider for Class A Debt pursuant to a Class 
A Institutional Loan Facility Agreement. 
Class A Institutional Loan Provider 
means an institutional loan provider (and including any bank, 
financial institution or other entity) of a Class A Institutional 
Loan under a Class A Institutional Loan Facility Agreement. 
Class A Institutional Loan Facility 
Agreement 
means an agreement pursuant to which a Class A Institutional 
Loan is made. 
Class A LF Agent 
means the Initial Class A LF Agent or any successor agent 
appointed pursuant to a Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement 
Class A LF Notice of Drawing 
means: 
(a) a request for a drawing under the Class A Liquidity Facility 
in a form set out in Schedule 2 (Class A Liquidity Loan 
Drawing) to the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement; or 
(b) a request for a standby drawing under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Class A 
Standby Drawing) thereto) in the event of a Class A LF 
Provider either: (i) having its credit rating downgraded 
below the Minimum Long Term Rating in accordance with 
Clause 4.2.3 (Class A Standby Drawing) of the Class A 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; or (ii) failing to renew its 
commitment pursuant to Clause 4.2.4 (Class A Standby 
Drawing) of the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class A LF Permitted Additional 
Financial Indebtedness 
means (i) liquidity facilities made to a Borrower, an 
Additional Holdco or a Finco by a person other than a 
member of the Group; and (ii) Permitted Refinancing Debt, 
in each case where: 
(a) 
the Financial Indebtedness ranks pari passu in all 
respects (but subject to the priorities set out in paragraph 
8 of schedule 8 (Cash Management) of the Common 
Terms Agreement) with all other Class A Liquidity 
Facilities;  
(b) 
the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness (the “Class 
A LF Incoming Creditors”) accede to the Common 
Terms Agreement and the STID; 
(c) 
the Class A LF Incoming Creditors do not, and may not 
at any time, benefit from any Security, guarantees or 
other credit support, or recourse to any other Obligor

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
other than pursuant to the Security Documents and the 
Common Terms Agreement; and 
(d) 
the relevant Borrower has first:  
(i) 
obtained a confirmation from the relevant 
Rating Agency that such Class A LF Permitted 
Additional Financial Indebtedness will not 
result in the then applicable Rating being 
reduced below the lower of: (A) the Rating on 
the Closing Date; and (B) the then current 
Rating, as long as that Rating is Investment 
Grade; or 
in the event that any one or more of the Rating Agencies declines 
to provide such confirmation for any reason other than related to 
the Rating itself, certified (after having made all reasonable 
enquiries), and provided evidence to support such certification, 
that such Class A LF Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness will not result in the then applicable Rating being 
reduced below the lower of: (A) the Rating on the Closing Date; 
and (B) the then current Rating, as long as that Rating is at least 
Investment Grade 
Class A LF Provider(s) 
means the providers of any Class A Liquidity Facility and any 
bank or financial institution which has become a party to a Class 
A Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of 
that Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement which, in each case, 
has not ceased to be a party in accordance with the terms of that 
Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class A Liquidity Facility 
means the Initial Class A Liquidity Facility and any other 
liquidity facility/ies made available under any Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement 
means the Initial Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement or any 
other liquidity facility agreement entered into by, among others, 
any Borrower(s) and Class A LF Providers in respect of Class A 
Debt. 
Class A Liquidity Required Amount 
means the aggregate of: 
(a) the projected interest and commitment or commission 
payments (excluding any scheduled amortisation and bullet 
final repayments to be made on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date) under Class A Debt or any Secured Debt ranking in 
priority to Class A Debt (excluding Class A Subordinated 
Liquidity Payments and Class B Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments); and 
(b) net payments (including accretion payments but excluding 
any other payments on any break or final or termination 
payments under any Class A Hedging Agreements or Super

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Senior Hedging Agreements) under the Class A Hedging 
Agreements and Super Senior Hedging Agreements, 
for the following 12 months (calculated on a rolling basis on each 
Calculation Date) 
Class A Liquidity Shortfall 
means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by an Obligor, in its capacity 
as Cash Manager on the Cash Manager Determination Date) to 
pay amounts owed by the relevant Obligor in respect of the items 
as set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) (excluding in respect of 
paragraph (d)) of the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
(excluding any termination payments, principal exchange 
amounts or other pay-as-you-go payments and all other 
unscheduled amounts payable to any Hedge Counterparty) after 
taking into account funds available for drawing from the Class A 
Debt Service Reserve Account and Operating Accounts of the 
relevant Obligors. 
Class A Liquidity Standby Account 
means the account so designated and opened, if required, in the 
name of Ellevio (as the case may be) and held at the applicable 
Class A LF Provider in respect of whom the Class A Standby 
Drawing has been made or, if such Class A LF Provider does not 
have the Minimum Long Term Rating, at the Account Bank. 
Class A Net Debt 
means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of 
members of the Security Group for or in respect of Borrowings 
at that time: 
(a) 
excluding any such obligations in respect of any Class 
B Debt;  
(b) 
excluding any such obligations to any other member of 
the Security Group; 
(c) 
including, in the case of Finance Leases only, their 
capitalised value; and 
(d) 
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash 
Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Security Group at that time, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than 
once. 
Class A Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
means (i) loans made to a Borrower, an Additional Holdco or a 
Finco by a person other than a member of the Group or bonds or 
notes (including any U.S. private placement notes) issued by an 
Issuer, an Additional Holdco or a Finco held by a person other 
than a member of the Security Group; and (ii) Permitted 
Refinancing Debt, in each case where: 
(a) the Financial Indebtedness is Class A Debt which ranks pari 
passu in all respects (but subject to the priorities set out in

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
paragraph 8 of schedule 8 (Cash Management) of the 
Common Terms Agreement) with all other Class A Debt;  
(b) the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness (the “Class A 
Incoming Creditors”) accede to the CTA and the STID; 
(c) the Class A Incoming Creditors do not, and may not at any 
time, benefit from any Security, guarantees or other credit 
support, or recourse to any other Obligor other than 
pursuant to the Security Documents and the Common 
Terms Agreement; 
(d) the relevant Borrower or Issuer provides a certificate to the 
Security Trustee at the time of incurring such Class A 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness confirming 
that: (i) no Default is subsisting or would occur as a result 
of 
such 
Class A 
Permitted Additional 
Financial 
Indebtedness; and (ii) any hedging in respect of the Class A 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness complies with 
the Hedging Policy; 
(e) other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or 
where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to fund 
Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower or Issuer has 
delivered to the Security Trustee a certificate signed by a 
director of such Borrower or Issuer confirming that no 
Lock-Up Event would occur as a result of the incurrence of 
such Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
and 
(f) 
other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or 
where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to fund 
Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower or Issuer has 
first:  
(i) 
obtained a confirmation from the relevant Rating 
Agency that such Class A Permitted Additional 
Financial Indebtedness will not result in the then 
applicable Rating being reduced below the lower of: 
(A) the Rating on the Closing Date; and (B) the then 
current Rating, as long as that Rating is Investment 
Grade; or 
(ii) 
in the event that any one or more of the Rating 
Agencies declines to provide such confirmation for 
any reason other than related to the Rating itself, 
certified (after having made all reasonable 
enquiries), and provided evidence to support such 
certification, that such Class A Permitted Additional 
Financial Indebtedness will not result in the then 
applicable Rating being reduced below the lower of: 
(A) the Rating on the Closing Date; and (B) the then

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
current Rating, as long as that Rating is at least 
Investment Grade. 
Class A PP Note Documents 
means the Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement, any Class A PP 
Note Swap Indemnity Letter and each of the Class A PP Notes. 
Class A PP Noteholders 
means the Initial PP Noteholders and those institutions which 
hold Class A PP Notes from time to time. 
Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement 
means the Initial PP Note Purchase Agreement and  each other 
note purchase agreement pursuant to which an Issuer issues 
Class A PP Notes from time to time. 
Class A PP Notes 
means the Initial PP Notes and any other privately placed notes 
issued by any Issuer from time to time under and pursuant to a 
Class A PP Note Purchase Agreement. 
Class A PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter 
means any swap indemnity letter signed by an Obligor in respect 
of the issuance of Class A PP Notes from time to time. 
Class A Rated Debt 
means each of the loans, bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or 
any similar instrument of any Borrower or Issuer (including the 
Class A Bonds and Class A PP Notes) which are subject to 
Rating. 
Class A Rated Debt Ratings 
Confirmation 
means a confirmation from the relevant Rating Agency in respect 
of any Class A Rated Debt, to the effect that the then applicable 
Rating of such Class A Rated Debt will not be reduced below the 
lower of:  
(a) the Rating on the Closing Date; and  
(b) the then current Rating, as long as that Rating is Investment 
Grade. 
Class A Standby Drawing 
means a drawing made under a Class A Liquidity Facility 
Agreement as a result of a downgrade of a Class A LF Provider 
below the Minimum Long Term Rating or in the event that a 
Class A  LF Provider fails to renew its commitment. 
Class A Receipts 
means instalment receipts in relation to Class A Bonds. 
Class A Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments 
means all amounts payable under, or in any way in connection 
with, a Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement, other than: 
(a) principal and interest in respect of a drawing under a Class 
A Liquidity Facility or a Class A Standby Drawing; 
(b) the fees payable in respect of a Class A Liquidity Facility; 
and 
(c) any increased costs payable in accordance with the relevant 
Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class A Talons 
means talons in relation to Class A Coupons and Class A 
Receipts. 
Class B Aggregate Available Liquidity 
means the sum of the aggregate available commitments under 
any Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement and the balance (if

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
any) in any Class B Debt Service Reserve Account as at the 
relevant Calculation Date. 
Class B Bonds 
means the Class B Bonds issued by Ellevio from time to time 
under the Bond Programme. 
Class B Bondholders 
means the holders of Class B Bonds. 
Class B Capex Facility 
means a revolving capital expenditure facility that is, for the 
purposes of STID, to be treated as a Class B Debt, and made 
available pursuant to an Authorised Credit Facility Agreement. 
Class B Capex Facility Lenders 
means the providers of any Class B Capex Facility. 
Class B Creditors 
means: 
(a) 
the Class B Senior Term Facility Lenders;  
(b) 
the Class B Bondholders; 
(c) 
the Class B Capex Facility Lenders; 
(d) 
the Class B PP Noteholders;  
(e) 
the Class B Institutional Loan Providers; 
(f) 
each Class B Hedge Counterparty; or 
(g) 
the holders of any Class B Permitted Additional 
Financial Indebtedness. 
Class B Debt 
means any Financial Indebtedness that is, (i) for the purposes of 
the STID, to be treated as Class B Debt or (ii) designated as Class 
B Debt in the relevant Accession Memorandum and, in each 
case, includes the Financial Indebtedness incurred under any: 
(a) 
any Class B Senior Term Facility;  
(b) 
any Class B Bonds; 
(c) 
any Class B Capex Facility; 
(d) 
any Class B PP Notes; 
(e) 
any Class B Institutional Loan; 
(f) 
any Class B Hedging Transaction; or 
(g) 
any other Class B Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness. 
 
 
Class B Hedge Counterparty 
means a Hedge Counterparty who is a party to a Class B Hedging 
Agreement. 
Class B Hedging Agreement 
means a Hedging Agreement under which the obligations of a 
Borrower rank pari passu with that Borrower's obligations under 
the Class B Debt. 
Class B Hedging Transaction 
means a Hedging Transaction arising under a Class B Hedging 
Agreement.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
Class B Institutional Loan 
means an institutional term loan facility provided by any Class 
B Institutional Loan Provider for Class B Debt pursuant to a 
Class B Institutional Loan Facility Agreement. 
Class B Institutional Loan Provider 
means an institutional loan provider (and including any bank, 
financial institution or other entity) of a Class B Institutional 
Loan under a Class B Institutional Loan Facility Agreement. 
Class B Institutional Loan Facility 
Agreement 
means an agreement pursuant to which a Class B Institutional 
Loan is made.  
Class B LF Agent 
means the liquidity facility agent in respect of a Class B 
Liquidity Facility or any successor agent appointed pursuant to 
a Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B LF Notice of Drawing 
means: 
(a) a request for a drawing under the Class B Liquidity Facility 
in a form set out in any Class B Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; or 
(b) a request for a standby drawing under any Class B Liquidity 
Facility Agreement (in the form set out in any schedule 
thereto) in the event of a Class B LF Provider either: (i) 
having its credit rating downgraded below the Minimum 
Long Term Rating; or (ii) failing to renew its commitment 
pursuant to any Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B LF Permitted Additional 
Financial Indebtedness 
means (i) liquidity facilities made to a Borrower, an Additional 
Holdco or a Finco by a person other than a member of the Group 
and (ii) Permitted Refinancing Debt, in each case where: 
(a) 
the Financial Indebtedness ranks pari passu in all 
respects (but subject to the priorities set out in paragraph 
8 of schedule 8 (Cash Management) of the Common 
Terms Agreement) with all other Class B Liquidity 
Facility/ies;  
(b) 
the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness (the “Class 
B LF Incoming Creditors”) accede to the Common 
Terms Agreement and the STID; 
(c) 
the Class B LF Incoming Creditors do not, and may not 
at any time, benefit from any Security, guarantees or 
other credit support, or recourse to any other Obligor 
other than pursuant to the Security Documents and the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
(d) 
other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt 
and/or where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to 
fund Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower has 
delivered to the Security Trustee a certificate signed by 
a director of the relevant Borrower confirming that no 
Lock-Up Event would occur as a result of the incurrence

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
of such Class B LF Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness; and 
the relevant Borrower has first obtained a Class A Rated Debt 
Ratings Confirmation in respect of the Class A Bonds then 
outstanding. 
Class B LF Provider(s) 
means the providers of any Class B Liquidity Facility and any 
bank or financial institution which has become a party to a Class 
B Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of 
that Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement which, in each case, 
has not ceased to be a party in accordance with the terms of that 
Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B Liquidity Facility 
means any liquidity facility made available under any Class B 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement 
means any liquidity facility agreement to be entered into 
between, among others, any Borrower(s), the Class B LF Agent 
and the Class B LF Providers in connection with any Class B 
Debt and which is substantially in the form of any Class A 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B Liquidity Required Amount 
means the aggregate of: 
(a) the projected interest and commitment or commission 
payments (excluding any scheduled amortisation and bullet 
final repayments to be made on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date) under the Class B Debt; and 
(b) net payments (including accretion payments but excluding 
any other payments on any break or final or termination 
payments under any Class B Hedging Agreements) under 
the Class B Hedging Agreements, 
for the following 12 months (calculated on a rolling basis on each 
Calculation Date). 
Class B Liquidity Shortfall 
means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by an Obligor, in its capacity 
as Cash Manager on the Cash Manager Determination Date) to 
pay amounts owed by the relevant Obligor in respect of the items 
as set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (j) of the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments (excluding any termination payments, 
principal exchange amounts or other pay-as-you-go payments 
and all other unscheduled amounts payable to any Hedge 
Counterparty) after taking into account funds available for 
drawing from the  Class B Debt Service Reserve Account and 
Operating Accounts of the relevant Obligors. 
Class B Liquidity Standby Account 
means the account so designated and opened, if required, in the 
name of Ellevio (as the case may be) and held at the applicable 
Class B LF Provider in respect of whom the Class B Standby 
Drawing has been made or, if such Class B LF Provider does not 
have the Minimum Long Term Rating, at the Account Bank.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
Class B Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
means (i) loans made to a Borrower, an Additional Holdco or a 
Finco by a person other than a member of the Group or bonds or 
notes (including any U.S. private placement notes) issued by an 
Issuer, an Additional Holdco or a Finco held by a person other 
than a member of the Security Group; and (ii) Permitted 
Refinancing Debt, in each case where: 
(a) the Financial Indebtedness is Class B Debt which ranks pari 
passu in all respects (but subject to the priorities set out in 
paragraph 8 of schedule 8 (Cash Management) of the 
Common Terms Agreement) with all other Class B Debt;  
(b) the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness (the “Class B 
Incoming Creditors”) accede to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the STID; 
(c) the Class B Incoming Creditors do not, and may not at any 
time, benefit from any Security, guarantees or other credit 
support, or recourse to any other Obligor other than 
pursuant to the Security Documents and the Common 
Terms Agreement; 
(d) the relevant Borrower or Issuer provides a certificate to the 
Security Trustee at the time of incurring such Class B 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness confirming 
that: (i) no Default is subsisting or would occur as a result 
of such Class B Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness; and (ii) any hedging in respect of the Class B 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness complies with 
the Hedging Policy; 
(e) other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or 
where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to fund 
Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower or Issuer has 
delivered to the Security Trustee a certificate signed by a 
director of such Borrower or Issuer confirming that no 
Lock-Up Event would occur as a result of the incurrence of 
such Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
and 
(f) 
the relevant Borrower or Issuer has first obtained a Class A 
Rated Debt Ratings Confirmation in respect of the Class A 
Bonds then outstanding. 
Class B PP Note Documents 
means the Class B PP Note Purchase Agreement, any Class B PP 
Note Swap Indemnity Letter and each of the Class B PP Notes. 
Class B PP Noteholders 
means those institutions which hold Class B PP Notes from time 
to time. 
Class B PP Note Issuer 
means the Issuer or any successor appointed as issuer of the 
Class B PP Notes pursuant to the Class B PP Note Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
Class B PP Note Purchase Agreement 
means each note purchase agreement pursuant to which the Class 
B PP Note Issuer issues Class B PP Notes from time to time. 
Class B PP Notes 
means the privately placed notes issued by the Class B PP Note 
Issuer from time to time under and pursuant to a Class B PP Note 
Purchase Agreement. 
Class B Receipts 
means instalment receipts in relation to Class B Bonds. 
Class B PP Note Swap Indemnity Letter 
means any swap indemnity letter signed by an Obligor in respect 
of the issuance of Class B PP Notes from time to time. 
Class B Senior Term Facility 
means each senior term facility made available by the Class B 
Senior Term Facility Lenders  pursuant to an Authorised Credit 
Facility Agreement. 
Class B Senior Term Facility Lenders 
means the providers of any Class B Senior Term Facility 
Class B Standby Drawing 
means a drawing made under a Class B Liquidity Facility 
Agreement as a result of a downgrade of a Class B LF Provider 
below the Minimum Long Term Rating or in the event that a 
Class B LF Provider fails to renew its commitment. 
Class B Subordinated Liquidity 
Payments 
means all amounts payable under, or in any way in connection 
with a Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement, other than: 
(a) principal and interest in respect of a drawing under a Class 
B Liquidity Facility or a Class B Standby Drawing; 
(a) the fees payable in respect of a Class B Liquidity Facility; 
and 
(b) any increased costs payable in accordance with the relevant 
Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Class B Talons 
means talons in relation to Class B Coupons and Class B 
Receipts.  
Classic Global Bonds or CGN 
means Global Bonds which are not issued in NGN form. 
Clean Energy Package 
means the legislative framework adopted by the EU in 2019 for 
an adaptation of the European energy policy framework to 
facilitate the transition away from fossil fuels toward cleaner 
energy. 
Clearing System(s) 
means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, CDS and/or any 
other local clearing system necessary or desirable to be used in 
connection with the sale of Bonds, within a particular 
jurisdiction or to particular investors as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing System Business Day 
has the meaning given to it on page 144 of this Prospectus. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Closing Date 
means 31 August 2016. 
Code 
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Common Depositary 
means the agent appointed by the ICSDs to act as the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
respect of the Bonds.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
Common Documents 
means the Security Documents, the Common Terms Agreement, 
the Master Definitions Agreement and the Account Bank 
Agreement 
Common Safekeeper or CSP 
means an ICSD in its capacity as common safekeeper or a person 
nominated by the ICSDs to perform the role of common 
safekeeper. 
Common Terms Agreement or CTA 
means the common terms agreement entered into between, 
among others, the Obligors and the Secured Creditors dated 19 
August 2016 (and as amended from time to time). 
Company 
means Ellevio AB (publ). 
Compliance Certificate 
means a certificate substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Common Terms Agreement in which the Obligors periodically 
provide certain financial information and statements to the 
Security Trustee as required by the STID. 
Concession 
means any network concession for line (Sw. nätkoncession för 
linje) or network concession for area (Sw. nätkoncession för 
område) granted to Ellevio in accordance with the provisions of 
the Swedish Electricity Act (Sw. Ellagen (1997:857)). 
Conditions or Terms and Conditions (of 
the Bonds) 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any Tranche, the terms and 
conditions endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the 
Bond or Bonds constituting such Tranche, such terms and 
conditions being substantially in the form scheduled to the Trust 
Deed or in such other form, having regard to the terms of the 
Bonds of the relevant Tranche, as may be agreed between 
Ellevio, the Bond Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) as 
completed by the Final Terms applicable to the Bonds of the 
relevant Tranche, in each case, as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and any 
reference in the Trust Deed to a particular specified Condition or 
paragraph of a Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Consolidated EBITDA 
means: (i) in respect of any Relevant Period where no Material 
Subsidiary (other than Ellevio) exists, the operating profit of 
Ellevio; and (ii) in respect of any Relevant Period where a 
Material Subsidiary or an Obligor (other than Ellevio) exists, the 
consolidated operating profit of the Parent in each case before 
taxation (including the results from discontinued operations and 
the effects of any inflation revenue hedging (whether positive or 
negative)), in each case without double counting: 
(a) before deducting any interest, commission, fees, discounts, 
prepayment fees, premiums or charges and other finance 
payments whether (directly or indirectly) paid, payable or 
capitalised by any member of the Security Group 
(calculated on a consolidated basis) in respect of that 
Relevant Period;

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
(b) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of 
the Security Group; 
(c) after adding back any amount attributable to the 
amortisation, depreciation or impairment of assets of 
members of the Security Group; 
(d) before taking into account any Exceptional Items; 
(e) before taking into account any gain arising from the direct 
or indirect acquisition of any debt or debt instrument at a 
discount to par; 
(f) 
before deducting any, costs and expenses of a non-recurring 
or exceptional nature in respect of any Permitted 
Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Joint Venture or 
the incurrence of any Permitted Financial Indebtedness; 
(g) before deducting fees, costs and expenses associated with 
any equity offering or raising of any Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness (whether or not successful); 
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the 
amount of any loss) of any member of the Security Group 
which is attributable to minority interests; 
(i) 
plus or minus the Security Group’s share of the profits or 
losses (after finance costs and Tax) or Non-Group Entities 
after deducting the amount by which any profit included in 
the financial statements of the Security Group exceeds the 
amount actually received in cash by members of the 
Security Group through distributions by the Non-Group 
Entity; 
(j) 
before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on 
any derivative instrument (other than any derivative 
instrument which is accounted for on a hedge accounting 
basis); 
(k) before taking into account any gain or loss arising from an 
upward or downward revaluation of any other asset; 
(l) 
including insurance proceeds relating to business 
interruption or otherwise to the extent that the relevant loss, 
costs or liability would otherwise reduce the consolidated 
operating profit of the Security Group); 
(m) excluding the charge to profit represented by the expensing 
of stock options;  
(n) (without double counting as “Exceptional Items”) before 
deducting the costs incurred by the Group in relation to any 
severance, plant closure or transfer, reorganisation or other 
restructuring costs; and  
(o) for the purposes of determining compliance with the 
Default Ratios only, adding costs of any expenditure arising 
out of or in relation to any Certified Storm Event, provided

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
that such addition may only be exercised three times in any 
Regulatory Period, 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, 
as the case may be, for the purposes of determining consolidated 
operating profits of the Security Group before taxation. 
Coupon(s) 
means an interest coupon appertaining to a Bearer Definitive 
Bond, such coupon being: 
(a) if appertaining to a Fixed Rate Bond, a Floating Rate Bond 
or an Index-Linked Bond, in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed or in such other form, 
having regard to the terms of issue of the Bonds of the 
relevant Tranche, as may be required in any jurisdiction in 
which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold 
from time to time or as otherwise agreed between Ellevio, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s); or 
(b) if appertaining to a Bearer Definitive Bond which is neither 
a Fixed Rate Bond nor a Floating Rate Bond nor an Index-
Linked Bond, in such form as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be 
issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed 
between Ellevio, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), 
and includes, where applicable, the Talon(s) appertaining thereto 
and any replacements for Coupons and Talons issued pursuant to 
Condition 17 (Replacement of Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons). 
Couponholders 
means the several persons who are, for the time being, holders of 
the Coupons and includes, where applicable, the Talonholders. 
CP Agreement 
means the conditions precedent agreement  entered into between, 
among others, the Security Trustee and the Obligors on 19 
August 2016 (and as amended from time to time). 
CR or Customer Relations 
means the Customer Relations division of Ellevio. 
Credit Rating Agencies Regulation or EU 
CRA Regulation 
means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
CRR 
means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (as amended). 
Currency Overhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 211 of this Prospectus. 
Dagmar 
means the major storm in December 2011. 
Day Count Fraction 
has the meaning given to it on page 124 of this Prospectus. 
Dealer(s) 
means BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V., Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) and NatWest Markets N.V.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
Dealer Agreement 
means the agreement dated 2 September 2016 , among others, 
Ellevio and the Dealers named therein (or deemed named 
therein) concerning the purchase of Bonds to be issued pursuant 
to the Bond Programme, together with any agreement for the 
time being in force amending, replacing, novating or modifying 
such agreement and any accession letters and/or agreements 
supplemental thereto. 
Debt Purchase Transaction 
means, in relation to a person, a transaction where such person:  
(a) purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an 
economic effect substantially similar to a sub-participation 
in respect of,  
any Commitment or amount outstanding under an Authorised 
Credit Facility. 
Debt Service Reserve Account 
means each of the Class A Debt Service Reserve Account and the 
Class B Debt Service Reserve Account or any account so 
designated, opened and maintained by Ellevio as an alternative 
to, or in addition to, any Liquidity Facility Agreement, in order 
to maintain the Liquidity Required Amount. 
Decision Period 
means the relevant period of time the Secured Creditors (acting 
through their Secured Creditor Representatives) have to respond 
or vote on certain matters as set out in clause 12.2 (Minimum 
requirements of a STID Proposal) STID. 
Deed Poll 
means the deed poll entered into by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
on or about 25 January 2018. 
Default 
means: 
(a) an Event of Default; or 
(b) a Potential Event of Default. 
Default Ratio 
means: 
(a) in respect of the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the 
Relevant Period, 1.20:1;  
(b) in respect of the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant 
Period, 12:1; or 
(c) in respect of the Total Leverage Ratio for the Relevant 
Period, 13:1. 
Definitive Bond 
means a Bearer Definitive Bond and/or, as the context may 
require, a Registered Definitive Bond. 
Delegate 
means a delegate or sub delegate appointed by the Security 
Trustee or a Receiver. 
Deposited Bond 
means certain specified Bearer Bonds which have been 
deposited with a Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other 
depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing system, for 
the purposes of the issuance of a Block Voting Instruction.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
means the scheme under which the Central Bank guarantees 
deposits in the event of a bank, building society or credit union  
authorised by the Central Bank being unable to repay such 
deposits to its customers. 
Direction Notice 
means, in respect of any matter which is not the subject of a STID 
Proposal or a Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, a 
notice delivered by the Security Trustee requesting instruction 
from the Qualifying Secured Creditors as to whether the Security 
Trustee should agree to a consent, waiver or modification or 
exercise a right or discretion pursuant to the Finance Documents 
and the manner in which it should do so, delivered in accordance 
with the STID. 
Discretion Matter 
means a matter in which the Security Trustee may exercise its 
discretion to approve any proposal or request made in a STID 
Proposal without any requirement to seek the approval of any 
Secured Creditor or any Secured Creditor Representative. 
Disruption Event 
means either or both of:  
(a) a material disruption to those payment or communications 
systems or to those financial markets which are, in each 
case, required to operate in order for payments to be made 
in connection with any Authorised Credit Facility (or 
otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the 
Finance Documents to be carried out) which disruption is 
not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of the 
parties; or 
(b) the occurrence of any other event which results in a 
disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the 
treasury or payments operations of a party preventing that, 
or any other party from: 
 
(i) 
performing its payment obligations under the 
Finance Documents; or 
(ii) 
communicating with other parties in accordance 
with the terms of the Finance Documents, 
 
and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond 
the control of, the party whose operations are disrupted. 
Distressed Disposal 
means a disposal of an asset of a member of the Security Group 
which is being effected: 
(a) pursuant to instruction in accordance with the STID in 
circumstances where the Borrower Security has become 
enforceable; or 
(b) by enforcement of the Borrower Security. 
Distribution 
has the meaning given to it in paragraph 19 (Distributions) of 
Part 3 (General Covenants) of Schedule 2 (Security Group 
Covenants) of the CTA.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
Drawdown Prospectus 
means a separate prospectus specific to a Sub-Class of Bonds. 
DSO 
means the distributions system operator. 
EA or Electricity Act 
means the Swedish Electricity Act 1997 (Sw. Ellag (1997: 857)). 
Early Redemption Amount 
means the amount for which Bonds may be redeemed in full 
prior to their Final Maturity Date. 
Early Termination Date 
means the date set out in the relevant Hedging Agreement. 
EC 
means the European Commission. 
EEA 
means the European Economic Area. 
EFA 
means the employers’ association for the Swedish energy 
industry (Sw. Energiföretagens Arbetsgivareförening). 
Ei  
means the Swedish Energy Markets Inspectorate (Sw. 
Energimarknadsinspektionen).  
Ekfors 
has the meaning given to it on page 104 of this Prospectus. 
Electricity Directive 
means Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 5 June 2019 on common rules for the internal 
market for electricity and amending Directive 2012/27/EU. 
Electricity Ordinance 
has the meaning given to it on page 99 of this Prospectus. 
Electronic Consent 
means, where the terms of the proposed resolution have been 
notified to the Bondholders through the relevant clearing 
system(s), each of Ellevio and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled 
to rely upon approval of such resolution (in a form satisfactory 
to the Bond Trustee) proposed by Ellevio or the Bond Trustee (as 
the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders 
representing 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Bonds then outstanding, in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Eligibility Criteria 
means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Ellevio 
Green Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at: 
green_bond_framework_2019_20191119_2.pdf (ellevio.se))  
Eligible Green Portfolio 
means a portfolio of one or more Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Assets. 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Assets 
means projects or assets with environmental benefits and which 
meet the Eligibility Criteria. 
Ellevio 
means Ellevio AB (publ). 
Ellevio Holding or Guarantor 
means Ellevio Holding 4 AB. 
Elsäkerhetsverket 
means the National Electrical Safety Board in Sweden.  
EMMI 
means the European Money Markets Institute. 
Energiföretagen Sverige 
means Energy Companies Sweden, an industry association in 
Sweden.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
Energy Agency 
means the Swedish Energy Agency. 
Enforcement Action 
means: 
(a) demanding payment of any Secured Liabilities (other than 
scheduled payments); 
(b) accelerating any of the Secured Liabilities or otherwise 
declaring any Secured Liabilities prematurely due and 
payable or payable on demand or the premature termination 
or close-out of any liabilities under a Hedging Agreement 
(other than a Permitted Hedge Termination); 
(c) enforcing any Secured Liabilities by attachment, set-off, 
execution, diligence, arrestment or otherwise; 
(d) crystallising, or requiring a Security Trustee to crystallise, 
any floating charge in the Security Documents; 
(e) enforcing, or requiring a Security Trustee to enforce, any 
Borrower Security; 
(f) 
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a 
view to: 
 
(i) 
any 
insolvency, 
bankruptcy, 
liquidation, 
examinership, 
reorganisation, 
administration, 
receivership, administrative receivership, winding-
up, judicial composition or dissolution proceedings 
or any analogous proceedings in relation to any 
Obligor in any jurisdiction; 
 
(ii) 
any voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement 
or assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 
 
(iii) 
any similar proceedings involving any Obligor 
whether by petition, convening a meeting, voting for 
a resolution or otherwise; 
 
(g) bringing or joining any legal proceedings against any 
Obligor (or any of its Subsidiaries) to recover any Secured 
Liabilities; 
(h) exercising any right to require any insurance proceeds to be 
applied in reinstatement of any asset subject to any 
Security; or 
(i) 
otherwise exercising any other remedy for the recovery of 
any Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement Period 
means any period from and including the termination of a 
Standstill (other than in accordance with clause 19.4.1(iii) 
(Termination of Standstill) of the STID) to and excluding the 
earlier of the date on which the Secured Liabilities have been 
discharged in full and the date on which the Security Trustee, 
acting in accordance with the instructions of the relevant Secured 
Creditors pursuant to the STID, notifies the Security Group that 
the Enforcement Period has ended.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
English Security Agreement 
means the English law security agreement entered into between 
members of the Security Group and the Security Trustee the 
Closing Date. 
Entrenched Right(s) 
means matters which: 
(a) would delay the date fixed for payment of, or payment of 
amounts in the nature of, principal, interest or make-whole 
amount in respect of the relevant Secured Creditor's debt or 
would reduce the amount of, or amount in the nature of, 
principal, interest or make-whole amount payable in 
respect of such debt; 
(b) other than pursuant to an Acceleration Notice, would bring 
forward the date fixed for payment of, or payment of 
amounts in the nature of, principal, interest or make-whole 
amount in respect of the relevant Secured Creditor's debt or 
would increase the amount of, or amount in the nature of, 
principal, interest or make-whole amount on any date in 
respect of such debt; 
(c) would adversely change or have the effect of adversely 
changing any requirement set out in any Common 
Document 
that 
certain 
payments, 
applications 
or 
distributions should be made in accordance with the Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments or would adversely change or have the 
effect of adversely changing the Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments, the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments or 
application thereof (including by amending any of the 
defined terms referred to in the Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments or the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments) 
in respect of a Secured Creditor (including the ranking of 
its claims); 
(d) would have the effect of adversely changing the application 
of any proceeds of enforcement of the Security Documents; 
(e) would result in the exchange of the relevant Secured 
Creditor's debt for, or the conversion of such debt into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations of any other person; 
(f) 
would deprive a Secured Creditor of its status as a Secured 
Creditor; 
(g) would change or would relate to the currency of payment 
due under the relevant Secured Creditor's debt;  
(h) would change or would relate to any existing obligations of 
an Obligor to gross up any payment in respect of the 
relevant Secured Creditor's debt in the event of the 
imposition of withholding taxes; 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing: 
(A) 
any of the following definitions or their use: 
Discretion Matter, Entrenched Right, Extraordinary

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
Voting 
Matters, 
Majority 
Secured 
Creditor, 
Ordinary Voting Matters, Qualifying Authorised 
Credit 
Facilities, 
Qualifying 
Bondholder, 
Qualifying 
Bonds, 
Qualifying 
Hedge 
Counterparties, Qualifying Hedging Transactions, 
Qualifying PP Noteholders, Qualifying PP Notes, 
Qualifying Senior Debt, Qualifying Secured 
Creditor, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice, Quorum Requirement, STID Proposal, 
Secured Debt, Reserved Matter, Secured Liabilities, 
Voting Qualifying Debt;  
(B) 
the Decision Period, Quorum Requirement or 
voting majority required in respect of any 
Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting 
Matter, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice or Direction Notice;  
(C) 
any of the matters that give rise to Entrenched 
Rights under the STID;  
(D) 
clause 16.1 (Scope of Entrenched Rights) of the 
STID; or 
(E) 
the manner in which Entrenched Rights or 
Reserved Matters may be exercised or the 
consequences of exercising such Entrenched 
Rights or Reserved Matters; 
(j) 
would change or have the effect of changing clause 10.3 
(Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors) of the STID; 
(k) would change or have the effect of changing schedule 3 
(Reserved Matters) of the STID; 
(l) 
would change or would have the effect of changing the 
governing law or the dispute resolution clauses of any 
Common Document; 
(m) would change or have the effect of changing the percentage 
of Qualifying Secured Creditors that can terminate a 
Standstill Period; 
(n) would approve an assignment of any rights or a transfer of 
any obligations of an Obligor under any Common 
Document (other than as contemplated in any Common 
Document); 
(o) in respect of each Class A Creditor:  
(A) 
would result in an increase in or would 
adversely modify its obligations or liabilities 
under or in connection with any Common 
Document;

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
(B) 
would: 
(viii) 
adversely alter the rights of priority of 
or the enforcement by the relevant 
Class A Creditor (or, where applicable, 
its Secured Creditor Representative) 
under the Security Documents other 
than 
as 
expressly 
contemplated 
therein; or  
(ix) 
decrease the amount of that Class A 
Creditor's share 
of the Secured 
Liabilities which are secured by means 
of the Security; or  
(C) 
would change or would have the effect of 
changing the definitions of: 
(x) 
“Class A Creditor”; 
(xi) 
“Direction Notice”; 
(xii) 
“Discretion Matter”;  
(xiii) 
“Finance Documents”; 
(xiv) 
“Majority Secured Creditors”; 
(xv) 
“Ordinary Voting Matter”; 
(xvi) 
“Qualifying Class A Creditor”; 
(xvii) 
“Qualifying Senior Debt”; 
(xviii) “Qualifying Secured Creditor”; 
(xix) 
“Secured Creditor”, 
in each case insofar as such change would 
remove, or would have the effect of removing, 
the relevant Class A Creditor from the relevant 
definition: 
(a) 
“Secured Liabilities” insofar as such 
change would remove, or would have 
the effect of removing, the Class A 
Debt of such Class A Creditor from the 
definition of “Secured Liabilities”; 
(b) 
“Qualifying Senior Debt” insofar as 
such change would remove, or would 
have the effect of removing, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of 
Qualifying Class A Debt of such Class 
A Creditor from time to time from the

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
definition of “Qualifying Class A 
Debt”; 
(c) 
“Voting Qualifying Debt” insofar as 
such change would remove, or would 
have the effect of removing, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of 
Qualifying Class A Debt voted by or on 
behalf of such Class A Creditor from 
time to time from the definition of 
“Voting Qualifying Debt”; or  
(d) 
“Decision 
Period”, 
“Quorum 
Requirement”, “Restricted Payment”, 
“Restricted 
Payment 
Condition”, 
“Secured 
Liabilities” 
or 
“STID 
Proposal”; or 
(e) 
the use of the relevant defined terms 
referred to in paragraph (C)(a) above 
in any Common Document in a 
manner which would affect the rights 
or interests of any Class A Creditor; 
(D) 
would change or would have the effect of 
changing those matters expressly requiring the 
consent, approval or agreement of, or directions 
or instructions from, or waiver by the Majority 
Creditors or the Security Trustee; or  
(p) in respect of each Class B Creditor:  
(A) 
would result in an increase in or would adversely 
modify its obligations or liabilities under or in 
connection with any Common Document; 
(B) 
would: 
(i) 
adversely alter the rights of priority of or the 
enforcement by the relevant Class B Creditor 
(or, where applicable, its Secured Creditor 
Representative) 
under 
the 
Security 
Documents 
other 
than 
as 
expressly 
contemplated therein; or  
(ii) 
decrease the amount of that Class B 
Creditor's share of the Secured Liabilities 
which are secured by means of the Security; 
or  
(C) 
would change or would have the effect of changing 
the definitions of:

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
(i) 
“Class B Creditor”; 
(ii) 
“Direction Notice”; 
(iii) 
“Discretion Matter”;  
(iv) 
 “Finance Documents”; 
(v) 
“Majority Secured Creditors”; 
(vi) 
“Ordinary Voting Matter”; 
(vii) 
 “Qualifying Class B Creditor”; 
(viii) 
“Qualifying Senior Debt”; 
(ix) 
 “Qualifying Secured Creditor”; 
(x) 
 “Secured Creditor”, 
in each case insofar as such change would remove, 
or would have the effect of removing, the relevant 
Class B Creditor from the relevant definition: 
(a) 
 “Secured Liabilities” insofar as such 
change would remove, or would have the 
effect of removing, the Class B Debt of 
such Class B Creditor from the definition 
of “Secured Liabilities”; 
(b) 
 “Qualifying Senior Debt” insofar as such 
change would remove, or would have the 
effect of removing, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Class B 
Debt of such Class B Creditor from time to 
time from the definition of “Qualifying 
Class B Debt”; 
(c) 
 “Voting Qualifying Debt” insofar as such 
change would remove, or would have the 
effect of removing, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Class B 
Debt voted by or on behalf of such Class B 
Creditor from time to time from the 
definition of “Voting Qualifying Debt”; or  
(d) 
 “Decision 
Period”, 
“Quorum 
Requirement”, 
“Restricted 
Payment”, 
“Restricted Payment Condition”, “Secured 
Liabilities” or “STID Proposal”; or 
(e) 
the use of the relevant defined terms 
referred to in paragraph (C)(a) above in any 
Common Document in a manner which

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
would affect the rights or interests of any 
Class B Creditor; 
(D) 
would change or would have the effect of changing 
those matters expressly requiring the consent, 
approval or agreement of, or directions or 
instructions from, or waiver by the Majority 
Creditors or the Security Trustee; or 
(q) in respect of each Hedge Counterparty: 
(A) 
would change or would have the effect of changing 
any 
of 
the 
following 
definitions: 
Hedge 
Counterparty, Hedging Agreement, Hedging Policy, 
Hedging 
Transaction, 
Subordinated 
Hedge 
Amounts, ISDA Master Agreement, Class A Hedge 
Counterparty, Class A Hedging Transaction, Class A 
Hedging Agreement, Class B Hedge Counterparty, 
Class B Hedging Transaction, Class B Hedging 
Agreement, Super Senior Hedge Counterparty, 
Super Senior Hedging Agreement, Super Senior 
Hedging Transaction or Treasury Transaction; 
(B) 
would change or would have the effect of changing 
the limits specified in paragraph 9 (General 
Principles) and paragraphs 14 and 15 (Interest Rate 
Risk Principles) of the Hedging Policy; 
(C) 
would change or have the effect of changing the 
definition of Permitted Hedge Termination or any of 
the Hedge Counterparties' rights to terminate any 
Hedging Agreements as set out in the Hedging 
Policy (including but not limited to paragraph 24 of 
the Hedging Policy, the definitions of Enforcement 
Action or Distressed Disposal or clause 19 
(Standstill) of the STID), but which for the 
avoidance of doubt does not include amending such 
clauses to add any changes to include additional 
termination events;  
(D) 
would change or have the effect of changing clause 
7.1 (Events of Default) of the Common Terms 
Agreement;  
(E) 
would change or have the effect of changing the 
definition of Acceleration Notice or would change 
or have the effect of changing clause 21.1 
(Acceleration of Secured Liabilities), clause 21.2 
(Automatic acceleration of Secured Liabilities), 
clause 21.3 (Permitted Acceleration), clause 21.5 
(Consequences of delivery of Acceleration Notice)

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
or clause 22.4 (Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments) of the STID;  
(F) 
would change or have the effect of changing the 
purpose of any Liquidity Facility so as to result in it 
no longer being available to service payments due 
under the Hedging Agreements;  
(G) 
would release any of the Borrower Security (unless 
at least equivalent replacement security is taken at 
the same time) unless such release is permitted in 
accordance with the Common Documents; and 
(H) 
would change or have the effect of changing 
paragraph 15 (Disposals) of part 3 (General 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group 
Covenants) of the Common Terms Agreement; 
(r) 
in respect of each LF Provider, would change the effect of 
clause 22.4 (Post Enforcement Priority of Payments) of the 
STID or would affect the ability of such LF Provider to 
enforce its rights under a Liquidity Facility Agreement; or 
(s) in respect of each Original Initial ACF Lender,  
(A) 
relate to those changes referred to in clause 33.3.1 
(Exceptions) of the Initial Authorised Credit 
Facilities Agreement; and  
(B) 
in respect of each Affected Lender (as such term is 
defined in the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
Agreement), relate to those changes referred to in 
clause 33.3.2 (Exceptions) of the Initial Authorised 
Credit Facilities Agreement; or 
(t) 
in the case of the Bondholders, are a Basic Terms 
Modification. 
Entrenched Right STID Proposal 
has the meaning given to it on page 148 of this Prospectus. 
Environment 
means humans, animals, plants and all other living organisms, 
including the ecological systems of which they form part and 
the following media: 
(a) air (including, without limitation, air within natural or man-
made structures, whether above or below ground); 
(b) water (including, without limitation, territorial, coastal and 
inland waters, water under or within land and water in 
drains and sewers); and 
(c) land (including, without limitation, land under water). 
Environmental Claim 
means any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation by 
any person in respect of any Environmental Law.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
Environmental Law 
means any applicable law or regulation which relates to: 
(a) the pollution or protection of the Environment; 
(b) the conditions of the workplace; or 
(c) the generation, handling, storage, use, release or spillage of 
any substance which, alone or in combination with any 
other, is capable of causing harm to the Environment 
including, without limitation, any waste. 
Environmental Permits 
means any permit and other Authorisation required under any 
Environmental Law for the operation of the business of any 
member of the Security Group conducted on or from the 
properties owned or used by any member of the Security Group. 
Equity Cure Amount 
has the meaning given to it in paragraph 16 (Equity Cure) of 
schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the Common Terms Agreement. 
Equity Cure Right 
has the meaning given to it in paragraph 16 (Equity Cure) of 
schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the Common Terms Agreement. 
Equity Documents 
means: 
(a) the Investor Funding Loan Agreements;  
(b) any other subordinated debt instruments pursuant to which 
any New Shareholder Injection is made; 
(c) any other document designated as an equity document by 
the Security Trustee and Ellevio; and 
(d) the constitutional documents of the Parent. 
Equivalent Amount 
means the amount in question expressed in the terms of the Base 
Currency, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate. 
ESMA 
means the European Securities Market Association. 
Establishment Date 
means the date of this Prospectus. 
EU 
means the European Union. 
EU BMR 
has the meaning given to it on page 41 of this Prospectus. 
EURIBOR 
means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate. 
Euro or euro or EUR or € 
means the lawful currency of the participating Member States. 
Euro Bond(s) 
means a Euro-denominated Bond issued pursuant to the Bond 
Programme, and Euro Bonds shall be construed accordingly. 
Euro Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any Euro Bond is due and payable. 
Euroclear  
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Euronext Dublin 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin. 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
means the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
EUWA 
has the meaning given to it on page 5 of this Prospectus. 
Event of Default 
means an event or circumstance specified as such in the Common 
Terms Agreement, as more fully set out in Chapter 16

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
(“Summary of the Common Documents, the Finance Documents 
and the Bond Programme Documents – Common Terms 
Agreement – Events of Default”). 
Exceptional Items 
means any exceptional, one-off, non-recurring or extraordinary 
items, including those arising on: 
(a) the restructuring of the activities of an entity and reversals 
of any provisions for the cost of restructuring; 
(b) disposals, revaluations, write-downs or impairment of non-
current assets or any reversal of any write-down or 
impairment; 
(c) disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations; 
and 
(d) the purchase by a member of the Security Group at less than 
par value of any loans made to any member of the Security 
Group or any securities issued by a member of the Security 
Group. 
Exchange Agent 
means Citibank N.A., London Branch (or any successor thereto) 
in its capacity as exchange agent under the Agency Agreement 
in respect of the relevant Bonds. 
Exchange Rate 
means the strike rate specified in any related Class A Hedging 
Agreement, Class B Hedging Agreement or Super Senior 
Hedging Agreement or, failing that, the spot rate for the 
conversion of the Non-Base Currency into the Base Currency as 
quoted by the relevant Facility Agent as at 11.00 a.m.: 
(a) for the purposes of Clause 12.7 (STID Voting Request), 23 
(Qualifying Secured Creditor Instructions) and 24.2 
(Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Direction 
Notice) of the STID, on the date that the STID Voting 
Request, Direction Notice or a Qualifying Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice (as the case may be) is dated; and 
(b) in any other case, on the date as at which calculation of the 
Equivalent Amount of the Outstanding Principal Amount is 
required, 
and, in each case, as notified by the relevant Facility Agent to the 
Security Trustee. 
Extended Forward Lock-Up Test 
means the average of the ratio of Funds from Operations to Class 
A Net Debt in each of the three (3) consecutive Relevant 
Projected Periods following the Calculation Date and such 
average shall not be less than 0.06:1. 
Extraordinary Quorum Requirements 
means not less than three-quarters of Secured Creditors who 
need to participate in a particular Other Voting Matter. 
Extraordinary Resolution 
means:  
(a) a resolution approved by the Secured Creditors by a 
majority of not less than three-quarters of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Secured

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
Debt who: (i) for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a voting matter; and (ii) have participated in the 
approval process in respect of such resolution, subject to 
the quorum requirements set out in the Security 
Documents; 
(b) a resolution signed in writing by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-quarters of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Secured Debt who 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a voting 
matter, which resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Secured Creditors; 
(c) an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Bondholders; or  
(d) a resolution by Electronic Consent. 
Extraordinary STID Resolution 
means a resolution in respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter 
which requires 66.67 per cent. of the Voting Qualifying Debt in 
order to be passed pursuant to clause 15.3 (Requisite majority in 
respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter) of the STID. 
Extraordinary Voting Matters 
means any matters which: 
(a) would change (i) material definitions which relate to the 
key structural principles on which the voting mechanics of 
the Extraordinary Voting Matters have been founded or (ii) 
any of the matters constituting Extraordinary Voting 
Matters; 
(b) would change any Event of Default or any Trigger Event 
each in relation to non-payment, the making of Restricted 
Payments, financial ratios or Rating downgrade (in the case 
of a Trigger Event only); 
(c) would relate to the waiver of any Event of Default or any 
Trigger Event each in relation to non payment, Rating 
downgrade (in the case of a Trigger Event only), financial 
ratios or the making of Restricted Payments; 
(d) would change in any adverse respect the restriction on any 
disposal of Ellevio or relate to a consent in respect of any 
such disposal; 
(e) would materially change or have the effect of materially 
changing the definition of “Permitted Business”; 
(f) 
would change or have the effect of changing the provisions 
relating to the waiver of the tests set out in the definitions 
of “Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness”, 
“Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness”, 
“Class A LF Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness” 
or 
“Class 
B 
LF 
Permitted Additional 
Financial 
Indebtedness” in the MDA;

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
(g) would result in any Class A Aggregate Available Liquidity 
being less than any Class A Liquidity Required Amount or 
any Class B Aggregate Available Liquidity being less than 
any Class B Liquidity Required Amount, and to the extent 
that the passing of an Extraordinary STID Resolution on 
the matters referred to in this paragraph (g) necessitates an 
amendment to any Trigger Event, the amendment to that 
Trigger Event shall be an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(h) would bring forward the scheduled maturity date of any 
Financial Indebtedness following the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event which is continuing; or 
(i) 
would release any of the Security (unless equivalent 
replacement security is taken at the same time) or 
Guarantee unless such release is permitted in accordance 
with the terms of the Common Documents. 
Facility Agent 
means, as the context requires, any or all of the Initial ACF 
Agent, Initial Authorised Institutional Loan Agent, any Class A 
LF Agent, Class B LF Agent and any agent appointed in respect 
of any other Authorised Credit Facility. 
FATCA Withholding 
has the meaning given to it on page 147 of this Prospectus. 
Final Maturity Date 
means: 
(a) in relation to a Bond, the final date on which that Bond is 
expressed to be redeemable; 
(b) in relation to the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities, 31 
May 2020; and 
(c) in relation to any other Authorised Credit Facility, the date 
on which all financial accommodation made available 
under that Authorised Credit Facility is expressed to be 
repayable in full (without any further obligation of the 
relevant Authorised Credit Provider to continue to make 
available such financial accommodation. 
Final Redemption Amount 
means the nominal amount of each Bond, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Bonds 
which complete the Conditions and giving details of the Tranche 
of the Bonds. 
Finance Charges 
means, for any Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the 
accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, prepayment fees, 
premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of 
Borrowings (including any related hedging) whether paid or 
payable by any member of the Security Group (calculated on a 
consolidated basis) in respect of that Relevant Period: 
(a) excluding any arrangement, underwriting or similar fees 
incurred in connection with the establishment of any 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
(b) including the interest (but not the capital) element of 
payments in respect of Finance Leases; 
(c) including any commission, fees, discounts and other 
finance payments payable by (and deducting any such 
amounts payable to) any member of the Security Group 
under any interest rate or cross currency hedging 
arrangement; 
(d) excluding any costs and expenses in respect of any 
Permitted Acquisition; 
(e) excluding any interest cost or expected return on plan assets 
in relation to any post-employment benefit schemes; 
(f) 
if a Joint Venture is accounted for on a proportionate 
consolidation basis, after adding the Security Group’s share 
of the net finance costs or interest receivable of the Joint 
Venture; 
(g) taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any 
derivative 
instruments 
other 
than 
any 
derivative 
instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting 
basis; 
(h) excluding any other capitalised interest, or any other non-
cash interest in respect of Borrowings or the amount of any 
discount, amortised or other non-cash interest charges; and 
(i) 
for the purposes of the Senior Interest Cover Ratio only, 
excluding any repayment and prepayment premiums, 
together with the amount of any cash dividends or distributions 
paid or made by Ellevio in respect of that Relevant Period and so 
that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once. 
Finance Documents 
means: 
(e) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(f) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(g) 
the Security Documents; 
(h) 
the Trust Deed; 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(j) 
the Calculation Agency Agreement; 
(k) 
the Account Bank Agreement; 
(l) 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement; 
(m) 
any agreement evidencing any Class B Senior Term 
Facilities; 
(n) 
any Class A Bonds; 
(o) 
any Class B Bonds;

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
(p) 
any agreement evidencing any Class B Capex Facility; 
(q) 
the Initial PP Note Purchase Agreement; 
(r) 
any Class A PP Note Documents; 
(s) 
any Class B PP Note Documents; 
(t) 
the Initial Authorised Institutional Loan Facility 
Agreement; 
(u) 
any agreement evidencing any Class A Institutional 
Loan(s); 
(v) 
any agreement evidencing any Class B Institutional 
Loan(s); 
(w) 
any Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(x) 
any Class B Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(y) 
any Authorised Credit Facility Agreements; 
(z) 
any Class A Hedging Agreements; 
(aa) 
any Class B Hedging Agreements; 
(bb) 
any Super Senior Hedging Agreements; 
(cc) 
the CP Agreement; 
(dd) 
any Cash Management Agreement; 
(ee) 
the Parent Payment Undertaking; 
(ff) 
the Settlement Deed 
(gg) 
any fee letter, commitment letter or request entered into 
in connection with:  
(ii) 
the facilities referred to in paragraphs (l) to (y) 
above or the transactions contemplated in such 
facilities; and  
(iii) 
any other document that has been entered into 
in connection with such facilities or the 
transactions contemplated thereby that has been 
designated as a Finance Document by the 
parties thereto (including at least one Obligor); 
(hh) 
each agreement or other instrument between an Obligor 
and any additional Secured Creditor designated as an 
Finance Document by the Issuer, the Security Trustee 
and such additional Secured Creditor in the accession 
memorandum for such additional Secured Creditor; and 
(ii) 
any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating 
to any of the above documents.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
Finance Lease 
means any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a 
finance or capital lease. 
Finance Party 
means any person providing credit pursuant to an Authorised 
Credit Facility and all arrangers, agents, representatives and 
trustees appointed in connection with any such Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
Financial Covenants 
means the financial covenants set out in part 1 (Financial 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) to the 
CTA. 
Financial Indebtedness 
means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other 
financial institutions; 
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance 
credit facility or bill discounting facility (or dematerialised 
equivalent); 
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or 
the issue of bonds (but not Trade Instruments), notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance 
Leases; 
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables 
to the extent  that they are sold on a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any Treasury Transaction (and, when calculating the value 
of that Treasury Transaction, only the mark to market value 
as at the date on which the Financial Indebtedness is 
calculated (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the 
termination or close-out of that Treasury Transaction, the 
net value of that amount) shall be taken into account; 
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, 
bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other 
instrument issued by a bank or financial institution (but not, 
in any case, Trade Instruments) of an entity which is not a 
member of the Security Group which liability would fall 
within one of the other paragraphs of this definition; 
(h) any amount raised by the issue of shares which are 
redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before 
the Final Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as 
borrowings under the Accounting Principles; 
(i) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred 
purchase agreement if: (i) one of the primary reasons for 
entering into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance 
the acquisition or construction of the asset or service in 
question; or (ii) the agreement is in respect of the supply of

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
assets or services and payment is due more than 180 days 
after the date of supply; 
(j) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including 
any forward sale or purchase, sale and sale-back or sale and 
leaseback agreement) not referred to in any other paragraph 
of this definition having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing and classified as such under the Accounting 
Principles; and 
(k) if not previously counted, the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in 
paragraphs (a) to (j) above, 
but, in each case, without double counting. 
Financial Services and Markets Act or 
FSMA 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Financial Statements 
means: (a) the Annual Financial Statements; or (b) the Semi-
Annual Financial Statements, as applicable. 
Financial Year 
means, subject to any change made in accordance with the CTA 
and the STID, the annual accounting period of the Security 
Group ending on or about 31 December in each year. 
Finco 
means any limited liability off the shelf company or company 
incorporated in connection with the proposed issuance of 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness where each such 
company:  
(a) accedes to the STID as an Obligor; 
(b) becomes a Guarantor; 
(c) is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent, the Issuer, any 
Additional Holdco or any other member of the Security 
Group and is not a shareholder of any other member of the 
Security Group; and 
(d) Borrower Security is granted over all the shares in, and 
loans from, such company. 
FINMA 
has the meaning given to it on page 240 of this Prospectus. 
Fitch 
means Fitch Ratings Limited, or any successor to its rating 
business.  
Fixed Rate Bond(s) 
means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or fixed dates in each year and 
on redemption or on such other dates as may be agreed between 
Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Bond(s) 
means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a floating rate 
payable in arrear in respect of such period or on such date(s) as 
may be agreed between Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any Floating Rate Bond is due and payable. 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 119 of this Prospectus. 
Folksam  
means the following entities together: 
(a) Folksam ömsesidig sakförsäkring, (Reg. No. 502006-1619) 
a mutual association incorporated in Sweden, whose 
registered office is at Bohusgatan 14, 106 60 Stockholm, 
Sweden; 
(b) KPA Pensionsförsäkring AB (publ), (Reg. No. 516401-
6544) a company incorporated in Sweden, whose registered 
office is at 106 85 Stockholm, Sweden; and 
(c) Folksam ömsesidig livförsäkring, (Reg. No. 502006-1585) 
a mutual association incorporated in Sweden, whose 
registered office is at Bohusgatan 14, 106 60 Stockholm. 
Following Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 119 of this Prospectus. 
Foreign Passthru Payments 
has the meaning given to it on page 233 of this Prospectus. 
Form of Transfer 
means the form of transfer endorsed on a Registered Definitive 
Bond in the form or substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Trust Deed. 
Försäkringskassan 
means the Swedish Social Insurance Agency.  
Fortum Group 
means Fortum Oyj, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates. 
Forward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the Relevant Period 
not being less than 1.70:1; and 
(b) the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period not 
being greater than 10.75:1. 
FTE 
means full-time employee equivalent. 
FTT 
means the Financial Transaction Tax. 
Funds from Operations 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, Consolidated EBITDA 
in (or projected to be in) that Relevant Period after deducting Net 
Finance Charges and Tax for that Relevant Period. 
Global Bond 
means a Temporary Bearer Global Bond and/or a Permanent 
Bearer Global Bond issued in respect of the Bonds of any 
Tranche and/or a Registered Global Bond, as the context may 
require. 
Global Certificates 
has the meaning given to it on page 6 of this Prospectus. 
Green Account 
means a separate bank account into which the net proceeds of 
Green Bonds are paid into. 
Green Bonds 
means any Series of Bonds which are designated “Green Bonds” 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Group 
means the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
Guarantee(s) 
means, in relation to each Guarantor, the guarantee of such 
Guarantor given by it pursuant to the STID and secured under 
the relevant Security Documents to which it is a party. 
Guarantor(s) 
means Ellevio Holding or any other entity which subsequently 
accedes to the Common Documents as a Guarantor in 
accordance with the STID. 
Half Year 
means the period commencing on the day after a Calculation 
Date and ending on the next Calculation Date. 
Head of Finance 
means the head of finance (Sw. Ekonomichef) of the Issuer from 
time to time. 
Head of Treasury 
means the head of treasury (Sw. Finanschef) of the Issuer from 
time to time. 
Hedge Counterparty/(ies) 
means a hedge counterparty who is a party to a Hedging 
Agreement from time to time. 
Hedging Agreement 
means each ISDA Master Agreement (including the schedule 
thereto and any Treasury Transaction thereunder) entered into by 
the Borrower and a Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the 
Hedging Policy, including, without limitation, any Class A 
Hedging Agreement, Class B Hedging Agreement and any Super 
Senior Hedging Agreement. 
Hedging Policy 
means the initial hedging policy applicable to the Security Group 
set out in schedule 7 (Hedging Policy) to the Common Terms 
Agreement as such hedging policy may be amended from time 
to time by agreement between the Security Trustee, Ellevio and 
the Hedge Counterparties in accordance with the STID. 
Hedging Transaction(s) 
means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Secured Debt 
or any other Treasury Transaction governed by a Hedging 
Agreement and entered into with a member of the Security 
Group in accordance with the Hedging Policy, including, without 
limitation, any Class A Hedging Transactions, Class B Hedging 
Transactions and any Super Senior Hedging Transactions. 
Helga 
means the major storm in 2015. 
HoldCo 3 
means Ellevio Holding 3 AB, a company incorporated under the 
laws of Sweden with limited liability (registered number 
559005-2436). 
Holding Company 
means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of 
which it is a Subsidiary.  
HV Network 
means high voltage networks. 
ICER 
means the International Confederation of Energy Regulators. 
ICSDs 
means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
IFRS 
means international accounting standards within the meaning of 
IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the 
relevant financial statements.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
IGA 
means 
intergovernmental 
agreements 
to 
facilitate 
the 
implementation of FATCA which the United States and a number 
of other jurisdictions have announced their intention to negotiate. 
Index or Index Figure  
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in 
base), the Swedish Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) (for all items) 
which is sponsored by Statistics Sweden and available to view at 
Bloomberg page SWCPI (or any replacement page thereto) or 
any other index (including any comparable index which may 
replace any of the foregoing), for the purpose of calculating the 
amount payable on repayment of any Swedish Government 
index-linked bond instrument. Any reference to the Index Figure: 
(a) applicable to a particular month shall, subject as provided 
in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances Affecting the 
Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to 
the Index), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the third month prior to that particular month 
and relating to the month before that of publication; 
(b) applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, 
subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of 
or Fundamental Changes to the Index), be construed as a 
reference to the Index Figure published in the second month 
prior to that particular month and relating to the month 
before that of publication; or 
(c) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as 
provided in Condition 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental 
Changes to the Index), be calculated by linear interpolation 
between: (i) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as 
specified in paragraph (b) above; and (ii) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the following month, 
calculated as specified in paragraph (b) above, and rounded 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(e) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts 
and Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
Indexation Adviser 
means an internationally recognised investment bank or financial 
adviser recognised as having expertise in indexation matters 
appointed by Ellevio in such capacity to perform certain 
functions in respect of Index-Linked Bonds as set out in the 
Conditions.  
Index Event 
means:  
(a) if the Index Figure for three consecutive months falls to be 
determined on the basis of an Index Figure previously 
published as provided in Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in 
Publication of Index), and the Bond Trustee and Ellevio

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
have been notified by the relevant Calculation Agent (to be 
appointed at the time of issuance by Ellevio of an Index-
Linked Bond) that publication of the Index has ceased; or  
(b) notice is published by Statistics Sweden, or on its behalf, 
following a change in relation to the Index, and no 
amendment or substitution of the Index has been advised 
by the Indexation Adviser to Ellevio and such 
circumstances are continuing. 
Index Figure applicable (3 months lag) 
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and Condition 7(e) 
(Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index) of the 
Terms and Conditions, and if “3 months lag” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, what is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 





8
m
7
m
8
m
RPI
RPI
Date
n
Calculatio
of
month
in
Days
1
Date
n
Calculatio
of
Day
RPI
IFA








 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) and where: 
“IFA” means the Index Figure applicable; 
“RPIm–3” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is three months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due; and 
“RPIm–2” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is two months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due. 
Index Figure applicable (8 months lag) 
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and Condition 7(e) 
(Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index) of the 
Terms and Conditions, and if “8 months lag” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, what is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 





8
m
7
m
8
m
RPI
RPI
Date
n
Calculatio
of
month
in
Days
1
Date
n
Calculatio
of
Day
RPI
IFA








 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) and where: 
“IFA” means the Index Figure applicable; 
“RPIm–8” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is eight months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due; and 
“RPIm–7” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is seven months prior to the month in which the payment 
falls due.  
Index-Linked Bonds 
means a Bond in respect of which the amount payable in respect 
of principal and interest is calculated by reference to an index

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
and/or formula as Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). 
Index-Linked Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any Index-Linked Bond is due and payable. 
Index Ratio 
means the Index Figure applicable to the Calculation Date 
divided by the Base Index Figure. 
Initial ACF Agent 
means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as agent under 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities, or any of its successors 
thereto. 
Initial ACF Arrangers 
means the Initial ACF Arrangers as defined in the Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement as arrangers under the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities. 
Initial ACF Lenders 
means lenders under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities. 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
means the facilities made available pursuant to the Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
Agreement or IACFA 
means the Authorised Credit Facility entered into on 19 August 
2016 and amended on 18 January 2019 between, among others, 
Ellevio, the Initial ACF Agent and the Original Initial ACF 
Lenders (and as amended from time to time). 
 
 
Initial Class A LF Agent 
means the facility agent under the Initial Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Initial Class A LF Providers 
means certain financial institutions listed in Part 3 (Initial Class 
A LF Providers) of Schedule 2 (Financial Institutions) of the 
MDA, as lenders under or any bank or financial institutional 
which has become a lender under the Initial Class A Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Initial Class A Liquidity Facility 
Agreement 
means the liquidity facility agreement dated  the Signing Date 
between, amongst others, Ellevio, and the initial Class A LF 
Providers. 
Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge 
means the Swedish law security agreement dated 31 August 2016 
entered into between the Parent and the Security Trustee relating 
to the Parent Intragroup Loan. 
Initial PP Note Purchase Agreement 
means each agreement between the Issuer and each Initial PP 
Noteholder whereby the Issuer agrees to issue certain Initial PP 
Notes to each Initial PP Noteholder dated on or about the date of 
the MDA. 
Initial PP Noteholders 
means certain financial institutions listed in Part 6 (Initial PP 
Noteholders) of Schedule 2 (Financial Institutions) of the MDA, 
as original noteholders under the Initial PP Notes. 
Initial PP Notes 
the privately placed notes issued by the Issuer prior to or on the 
Closing Date to the Initial PP Noteholders.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
Insolvency Event 
means, in respect of Ellevio or the Guarantor: 
(a) the initiation of or consent to Insolvency Proceedings by 
such company or any other person or the presentation of a 
petition or application for the making of an administration 
order, which proceedings (other than in the case of Ellevio) 
are not, in the opinion of Ellevio or the Security Trustee, 
being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success or which are not frivolous or vexatious and 
discharged, stayed or dismissed within 10 Business Days of 
commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is 
advertised; 
(b) it becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts, in each 
case, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction applicable 
to that company or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) an encumbrancer (or other similar official) taking 
possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of such company; 
(d) any distress, execution, attachment or other similar process 
being levied or enforced or imposed upon or against the 
whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such company and such order, appointment, possession or 
process (as the case may be) not being discharged or 
otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days; 
(e) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement 
with creditors of such company (as part of a general 
composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement 
affecting such company’s creditors generally) other than a 
composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with 
respect to any subordinated Financial Indebtedness, any 
intragroup loan or guarantee; 
(f) 
the passing by such company of an effective resolution or 
the making of an order by a court of competent jurisdiction 
for 
the 
winding-up, 
liquidation, 
examinership 
or 
dissolution of such company; 
(g) the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to 
such company or in relation to the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such company; 
(h) save as permitted in the STID, the cessation or suspension 
of payment of its debts generally or a public announcement 
by such company of an intention to do so; or 
(i) 
save as provided in the STID, a moratorium is declared in 
respect of any indebtedness of such company. 
Insolvency Official 
means, in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in 
relation to a company, a liquidator, provisional liquidator, 
administrator, administrative receiver, receiver, examiner,

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
manager, nominee, supervisor, trustee, conservator, guardian or 
other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in its jurisdiction of incorporation 
in respect of such company or in respect of all (or substantially 
all) of the company’s assets or in respect of any arrangement or 
composition with creditors. 
Insolvency Proceedings 
means, in respect of any company, the winding-up, liquidation, 
dissolution or administration of such company, or any equivalent 
or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such company is incorporated or of any jurisdiction in 
which such company carries on business, including the seeking 
of liquidation, examinership, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection 
or relief of debtors. 
Instalment Amount 
means, with respect to each Bond that provides for it, the amount 
for which such Bonds shall be partially redeemed on the 
Instalment Date, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Date 
means, with respect to each Bond that provides for it, the date on 
which such Bonds shall be partially redeemed as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Institutional Loan(s) 
means any Class A Institutional Loan or Class B Institutional 
Loan, as the case may be. 
Intellectual Property 
means: 
(a) any patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business 
names, copyrights, database rights, design rights, domain 
names, moral rights, inventions, confidential information, 
knowhow and other intellectual property rights and 
interests (which may now or in the future subsist), whether 
registered or unregistered; and 
(b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets 
of each Obligor (which may now or in the future subsist). 
Interest Commencement Dates 
means, in the case of interest-bearing Bonds, the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such 
Bonds bear interest, which may or may not be the Issue Date. 
Interest Payment Dates 
Interest payment dates will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Interest Period 
has the meaning given to it on page 126 of this Prospectus. 
Investment Grade 
means a rating of BBB- or higher by S&P or Fitch or Baa3 or 
higher by Moody’s or equivalent by another Rating Agency. 
Investor 
means each of Borealis, AP1, AP3 or Folksam or any funds, 
limited partnerships or other entities directly or indirectly 
controlled, managed and/or advised by any of Borealis, AP1, 
AP3 or Folksam and each of their Affiliates and/or any funds 
controlled by any of their respective Affiliates and any of their 
subsequent successors or assigns or transferees.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
Investor Funding Loan 
means any loan made or deemed to be made by any Holding 
Company of the Parent and/or any shareholders of each such 
Holding Company to any member of the Security Group, 
provided that the benefit of such loan is subject to the terms of 
the STID as Subordinated Liabilities. 
Investor Funding Loan Agreement 
means the agreement pursuant to which any Investor Funding 
Loan is made available. 
Investor Report 
means each report produced by the Security Group Agent to be 
delivered pursuant to paragraph 1 (Financial Statements) of part 
2 (Information Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group 
Covenants) to the Common Terms Agreement in the form set out 
in the schedule 6 (Form of Investor Report) to the Common 
Terms Agreement. 
Investor’s Currency 
has the meaning given to it on page 43 of this Prospectus. 
Ireland 
means the island of Ireland, exclusive of Northern Ireland. 
ISDA Master Agreement 
means an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement (including the schedule and credit support annex 
thereto) or any successor thereto published by ISDA unless 
otherwise agreed by the Security Trustee acting in accordance 
with the STID. 
 
 
Issue Date(s) 
means, in respect of any Bond, the date of issue and purchase of 
such Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement or any other agreement between Ellevio and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) being, in the case of any Definitive Bond 
represented initially by a Global Bond, the same date as the date 
of issue of the Global Bond which initially represented such 
Bond. 
Issue Price(s) 
means the price as stated in the relevant Final Terms, generally 
expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Bonds, 
at which the Bonds will be issued. 
Issuer 
means Ellevio. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
means, in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch at its office at 13th Floor Citigroup Centre, 
25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB United 
Kingdom as paying agent under the Agency Agreement, or, if 
applicable, any successor paying agent in relation to all or any 
Tranche of the Bonds. 
Joint Venture 
means any joint venture entity, whether a company, 
unincorporated firm, undertaking, association, joint venture or 
partnership or any other entity. 
Legal Reservations 
means: 
(a) the principle that equitable remedies may be granted or 
refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, reorganisation 
and other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors; 
(b) the time barring of claims under applicable statutes of 
limitation, the possibility that an undertaking to assume 
liability for or to indemnify a person against non-payment 
of stamp duty may be void and defences of set-off or 
counterclaim;  
(c) similar principles, rights and defences under the laws of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction; and 
(d) any other matters which are set out as qualifications or 
reservations as to matters of law of general application in 
the legal opinions delivered under the CP Agreement. 
Letter of Credit 
means a letter of credit under any Authorised Credit Facility. 
LF Agent 
mean the Class A LF Agent or the Class B LF Agent, as 
applicable. 
LF Event of Default 
has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
LF Notice of Drawing 
means either a Class A LF Notice of Drawing or a Class B LF 
Notice of drawing, as the case may be. 
LF Provider(s) 
means the Class A LF Providers and the Class B LF Providers, 
as the case may be. 
Limited Indexation Factor 
means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month, the ratio of the 
Index Figure applicable to that month divided by the Index 
Figure applicable to the month 12 months prior thereto, provided 
that: 
(a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, it shall be deemed to be equal to such 
Maximum Indexation Factor; and  
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum 
Indexation Factor. 
Limited Indexation Month 
means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for which a Limited Indexation Factor is 
to be calculated. 
Limited Index-Linked Bonds 
means Index-Linked Bonds to which a Maximum Indexation 
Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) applies. 
Limited Index Ratio 
means: 
(a) in respect of any month prior to the relevant Issue Date, the 
Index Ratio for that month;  
(b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month after the 
relevant Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
Factor for that month and the Limited Index Ratio as 
previously calculated in respect of the month 12 months 
prior thereto; and  
(c) in respect of any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as 
previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited 
Indexation Month. 
Line Concessions 
has the meaning given to it on page 18 of this Prospectus. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
has the meaning given to it on page 40 of this Prospectus. 
Liquidity Facility 
means a liquidity facility made available under a Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Liquidity Facility Agreement 
means the Class A Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Class B 
Liquidity Facility Agreement, as the case may be. 
Liquidity Shortfall 
means the Class A Liquidity Shortfall or the Class B Liquidity 
Shortfall, as the case may be. 
Liquidity Standby Account 
means the Class A Liquidity Standby Account or the Class B 
Liquidity Standby Account, as the case may be. 
Lock-Up Event 
means: 
(a) the Compliance Certificate delivered in respect of the most 
recent Calculation Date states that any of the Lock-Up Tests 
were not satisfied on that Calculation Date (in each case 
adjusted to reflect an assumption that any proposed 
Restricted Payments have been made); and/or 
(b) a Default has occurred and is continuing. 
Lock-Up Tests 
means the Forward Lock-Up Tests, the Backward Lock-Up Tests 
and the Extended Forward Lock-Up Test. 
Majority Secured Creditors 
means the relevant Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors 
representing 50 per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Senior Debt. 
Make-Whole Amount 
means any premium payable on redemption of any Secured Debt 
in excess of: 
(a) the Outstanding Principal Amount of such debt; plus  
(b) accrued interest on such debt; plus 
(c) any final payment in respect of accretions for inflation on 
any such debt that is index-linked; plus 
(d) in the case of PP Notes issued to U.S. investors only, any 
swap breakage costs associated with a background swap 
entered into by such PP Noteholder, the existence of which 
has been notified to the Issuer at the time of issuance of 
such PP Notes. 
Market in Financial Instruments 
Directive or MiFID 
means Directive 2004/39/EC. 
Master Definitions Agreement or MDA 
means the master definitions agreement dated 19 August  2016 
between, among others, the Obligors and the Secured Creditors.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
Material Adverse Effect 
means a material adverse effect on: 
(a) the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the 
Security Group, in each case, taken as a whole; 
(b) the ability of the Obligors (taken as a whole) to perform 
their payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or 
(c) subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection 
Requirements (such Perfection Requirements having been 
complied with in accordance with the Agreed Security 
Principles), the validity or enforceability of any Finance 
Document, or the effectiveness or ranking of any Security 
granted or purporting to be granted pursuant to any of the 
Finance Documents or the rights or remedies of any 
Secured Creditor under any of the Finance Documents, in 
each case, in a manner which is materially adverse to the 
interests of the Secured Creditors under the Finance 
Documents and, if capable of remedy, not remedied within 
20 Business Days.  
Material Subsidiary 
means a majority-owned or wholly owned Subsidiary of the 
Parent where: 
(a) its earnings before interest rate, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation (calculated on the same basis as Consolidated 
EBITDA and (consolidated where that subsidiary itself has 
subsidiaries)) accounts for 5 per cent. or more of 
Consolidated EBITDA; or  
(b) its gross assets or turnover (excluding intra-Security Group 
items) accounts for 5 per cent. or more of the gross assets 
or turnover of the Security Group calculated on a 
consolidated basis; 
Maximum Indexation Factor 
means the indexation factor specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Member State(s) 
means a member state of the European Union. 
Minimum Indexation Factor 
means the indexation factor specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Minimum Long-Term Rating 
means BBB by Fitch, Baa2 by Moody’s or BBB by S&P or any 
equivalent long-term rating by another Rating Agency. 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention  
has the meaning given to it on page 119 of this Prospectus. 
Modified Redemption Amount 
means the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Moody’s 
means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or any successor to its 
rating business. 
Naturvårdsverket 
means the Swedish Environmental Protection Agency.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
Net Finance Charges 
means, for any Relevant Period, the Finance Charges in respect 
of Class A Debt or any debt ranking pari passu with or in priority 
to Class A Debt for that Relevant Period after deducting any 
interest payable in that Relevant Period to any member of the 
Security Group on any Cash or Cash Equivalent Investment. 
New Financial Covenant 
has the meaning given to it on page 188 of this Prospectus. 
New Shareholder Injection(s) 
means the aggregate amount subscribed for or contributed in 
cash by any person (other than a member of the Security Group) 
for ordinary shares in the Parent or for subordinated loan notes 
or other subordinated debt instruments in the Parent after the 
Closing Date, provided that the subordination is on the terms of 
the STID or otherwise on terms acceptable to the Security 
Trustee. 
NGN or New Global Bond 
means a Temporary Bearer Global Bond or a Permanent Bearer 
Global Bond, in either case, in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicates is a New Global Bond (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, both Eurosystem-eligible NGNs and Non-
eligible NGNs). 
NI 31-103 
means National Instrument 31-103 – Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
NI 45-106 
means National Instrument 45-106-Prospectus and Registration 
Exemptions. 
Non-Base Currency 
means a currency other than Swedish Krona. 
Non-eligible NGN 
means an NGN which is not intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Non-exempt Offer 
has the meaning given to it on page 236 of this Prospectus. 
Non-Group Entity 
means any investment or entity (which is not itself a member of 
the Security Group (including associates and Joint Ventures)) in 
which any member of the Security Group has an ownership 
interest. 
Non-resident Holder 
has the meaning given to it on page 232 of this Prospectus. 
Nordic Region 
means the Kingdom of Denmark, the Kingdom of Norway, the 
Kingdom of Sweden and the Republic of Finland. 
Nord Pool 
means Nord Pool Spot AS.  
NordREG 
means the association for Nordic energy regulators which  
promotes the legal and institutional frameworks and conditions 
necessary for developing the Nordic and European electricity 
markets. 
Norwegian Kroner Bond(s) 
means a Norwegian Kroner denominated Bond issued pursuant 
to the Bond Programme.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Norwegian Kroner Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any Norwegian Kroner Bond is due and payable. 
Norwegian Kroner or NOK 
means the lawful currency for the time being of Norway. 
NIBOR 
means the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate. 
Noteholder(s) 
means each of the PP Noteholders. 
NSS or New Safekeeping Structure 
means the new safekeeping structure which applies to Registered 
Bonds held in global form by a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and which is required for such 
Registered Bonds to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations. 
Obligor(s) 
means Ellevio, the Parent, any Borrower, any Guarantor and any 
other person who accedes to, inter alia, the Common Terms 
Agreement and the STID as an Additional Obligor in accordance 
with the terms of the Finance Documents, and “Obligors” means 
all of them 
Official List 
means the official list of Euronext Dublin. 
Offsetting Transaction 
means a Hedging Transaction which: 
(a) has been entered into with a Hedge Counterparty which has 
acceded to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement;  
(b) is governed by a Hedging Agreement; and  
(c) where the relevant borrower receives amounts under a 
previous Hedging Transaction on the basis of a particular 
rate, currency or underlying asset, it (or another relevant 
borrower) pays such amounts on such basis under a further 
Hedging Transaction and vice versa (whether the notional 
amount or corresponding currency amount is equal to, or 
less than, the notional amount or corresponding currency 
amount of the other Hedging Transaction). 
OMERS 
means the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System. 
Operating Account(s) 
means the accounts so designated, operated and maintained by 
the Obligors into which all revenues are deposited opened with 
the Account Bank in accordance with the Account Bank 
Agreement but excluding any Debt Service Reserve Account or 
any Liquidity Standby Account. 
Optional Floating Rate Bond 
Redemption Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 138 of this Prospectus. 
Optional Index-Linked Bond 
Redemption Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 140 of this Prospectus. 
Optional Euro Bond Redemption 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 141 of this Prospectus. 
Optional Norwegian Kroner Bond 
Redemption Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 142 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
Optional Swedish Krona Bond 
Redemption Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 142 of this Prospectus. 
Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 142 of this Prospectus. 
Order 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005.  
Ordinary Resolution 
means the relevant resolution where the Quorum Requirement 
for an Ordinary Voting Matter is satisfied, as more fully set out 
in the STID. 
Ordinary Voting Matters 
are matters which are not Discretion Matters or Extraordinary 
Voting Matters. 
Original Initial ACF Lenders 
means the original lenders under the Term Facility, the Capex 
Facility and the WC Facility. 
Other Voting Matter 
means any Voting Matter which is not a STID Proposal. 
Outstanding Principal Amount  
means: 
(a) in respect of any Authorised Credit Facilities that are loans, 
the principal amount, including any accretion on index-
linked debt (or the Equivalent Amount), of any drawn 
amounts that are outstanding or committed under such 
Authorised Credit Facility; 
 
(b) in respect of each Qualifying Hedging Transaction, an 
amount calculated in accordance with clauses 11.1.1, 11.1.2 
and 11.1.3 (Voting in respect of Qualifying Hedging 
Transactions by Qualifying Hedge Counterparties) of the 
STID; or 
 
(c) in respect of any other Secured Debt, the Equivalent 
Amount of the outstanding principal amount of such debt 
on such date in accordance with the relevant Finance 
Document, 
 
on the date on which the Qualifying Secured Creditors have been 
notified of a STID Proposal, a Qualifying Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice or a Direction Notice, as the case may be, all 
as most recently certified or notified to the Security Trustee, 
where applicable, pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Notification of 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Senior Debt) of the 
STID. 
Overhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 211 of this Prospectus. 
Parent 
means Ellevio Holding 4 AB. 
Parent Intragroup Loan 
means the loan made by the Parent to Ellevio. 
Parent Payment Undertaking 
means the undertaking to pay given on the Closing Date by the 
Parent in favour of the Security Trustee (acting on behalf of itself 
and the other Secured Creditors). 
Parent Share Pledge 
has the meaning given to it on page 54 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
Participating Qualifying Secured 
Creditors 
means the Qualifying Secured Creditors which participate in a 
vote on any STID Proposal. 
Parties or Party 
means, in relation to a Finance Document, a party to such 
Finance Document. 
Paying Agents 
means, in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds, the several 
institutions (including, where the context permits, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) at their respective specified offices initially 
appointed as paying agents in relation to such Bonds by Ellevio 
pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, 
any successor paying agents at their respective specified offices 
in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds as well as additional 
paying agents appointed under supplemental agency agreements 
as may be required in any jurisdiction in which Bonds may be 
issued or sold from time to time. 
Payment Date 
means, in respect of an Authorised Credit Facility, each date on 
which a payment is made or is scheduled to be made by Ellevio 
in respect of any obligations or liability under such Authorised 
Credit Facility. 
PCB or Polychlorinated biphenyls 
means the toxic, persistent and bioaccummulative chemical 
compound widely used, including in insulating oil for 
transformers and cables, and prohibited in Sweden since 1978. 
The Swedish Ordinance (förordningen (2007:19) om PCB m.m.) 
provides the requirements for removing or replacing PCB in 
existing products and buildings.  
Perfection Requirements 
means any and all registrations, filings, notices and other actions 
and steps required to be made in any jurisdiction in order to 
perfect security created by the Security Documents, as the case 
may be, or in order to achieve the relevant priority for such 
Security. 
Pensionsmyndigheten 
means the Swedish Pensions Agency.  
Permanent Bearer Global Bond 
means a global bond comprising some or all of the Bearer Bonds 
of the same Series issued by the Issuer in exchange for the whole 
or part of any Temporary Bearer Global Bond issued in respect 
of such Bearer Bonds. 
Permanent Global Bond 
means a global bond in the form or substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as 
may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche 
of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between Ellevio, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all 
of the Bearer Bonds of the same Tranche, issued by Ellevio 
pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Bond 
Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed either on

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
issue or in exchange for the whole or part of any Temporary 
Bearer Global Bond issued in respect of such Bearer Bonds. 
Permitted Acquisition 
means: 
(a) an acquisition by a member of the Security Group (other 
than the Parent) of an asset sold, leased, transferred or 
otherwise disposed of by another member of the Security 
Group in circumstances constituting a Permitted Disposal; 
(b) an acquisition of shares or securities pursuant to a Permitted 
Share Issue; 
(c) an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent 
Investments provided that they become subject to the 
Borrower Security as soon as reasonably practicable; 
(d) the acquisition or establishment of, or investment in, any 
share or interest to the extent constituting a Permitted Joint 
Venture; 
(e) the incorporation of a company or the acquisition of a 
newly incorporated shelf company which on incorporation 
or acquisition (as applicable) becomes a member of the 
Security Group, but only if: 
(i) 
it is a Special Purpose Vehicle or that company is 
incorporated in the Nordic Region with limited 
liability; and 
(ii) 
if the shares in the company are owned by an 
Obligor, Borrower Security over the shares of that 
company, in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Security Trustee, is created in favour of the Security 
Trustee within 30 days of the date of its 
incorporation; 
(f) 
an acquisition of: 
(i) 
any company or shares in any company or any Joint 
Venture, the principal business of which falls within 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Permitted 
Business”; 
(ii) 
any interest in a partnership the principal business 
of which falls within paragraph (a) or (b) of the 
definition of “Permitted Business”; or 
(iii) 
any asset for use in connection with the definition of 
“Permitted Business”, 
but only if:  
(A) 
for businesses falling within paragraph (a) or 
(b) of the definition of “Permitted Business” 
only, no Lock-Up Event is continuing on the

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
closing date for the acquisition or would 
occur as a result of the acquisition; 
(B) 
the Security Group Agent has delivered to 
the Security Trustee a certificate signed by a 
director of the Borrower showing in 
reasonable detail that: (i) the Borrower 
would have remained in compliance with its 
obligations 
under 
part 
1 
(Financial 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group 
Covenants) 
to 
the 
Common 
Terms 
Agreement if the covenant tests were 
recalculated for the Relevant Period ending 
on the most recent Calculation Date 
consolidating the financial statements of the 
target company (consolidated if it has 
Subsidiaries) or business with the financial 
statements of the Security Group for such 
period on a pro forma basis and as if the 
consideration for the proposed acquisition 
had been paid at the start of that Relevant 
Period and (ii) each financial covenant in 
part 1 (Financial Covenants) of schedule 2 
(Security Group Covenants) to the Common 
Terms Agreement (calculated on a pro forma 
basis) is forecast (based on reasonable 
assumptions) to be complied with on the next 
two 
Calculation 
Dates 
immediately 
following the relevant acquisition having 
regard to both Achievable Cost Savings and 
the cost of achieving such Achievable Cost 
Savings;  
(C) 
(subject to the Agreed Security Principles) 
Borrower Security is granted by the 
acquiring member of the Security Group 
over all the shares (or equivalent) acquired 
by it in the acquired company and to the 
extent that the company to be acquired will, 
upon becoming a member of the Security 
Group, constitute a Material Subsidiary, that 
company 
becomes 
a 
Guarantor 
in 
accordance with the STID; and  
(D) 
for businesses falling within paragraph (b) of 
the definition of “Permitted Business” only, 
the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation calculated on the same 
basis as Consolidated EBITDA of any part of

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
the business of the target company or target 
business which falls within paragraph (b) of 
the definition of “Permitted Business”, when 
aggregated with the earnings before interest, 
tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated 
on the same basis as Consolidated EBITDA 
of all other businesses of the Security Group 
falling within paragraph (b) of the definition 
of “Permitted Business”, will not exceed 15 
per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA (or, in the 
case of any unregulated business, 10 per 
cent. of Consolidated EBITDA) calculated 
on a pro forma basis for the relevant 
acquisition unless the Borrower has first: 
(I) 
obtained a confirmation from each of 
the Rating Agencies that are currently 
appointed by it that such proposed 
acquisition will not result in the then 
current Rating being reduced below 
the lower of: 
A. 
the Rating on the Closing Date; 
and  
B. 
the then current Rating,  
C. 
as long as it is Investment 
Grade; or 
(II) 
in the event that any one or more of 
the Rating Agencies declines to 
provide such confirmation for any 
reason other than related to the Rating 
itself, certified (after having made all 
reasonable enquiries), and provided 
evidence to support such certification, 
that such proposed acquisition will 
not result in the then current Rating 
being reduced below the lower of: 
D. 
the Rating on the Closing Date; 
and 
E. 
the then current Rating, 
as long as that Rating is at least 
Investment Grade; 
(g) any acquisition by a member of the Security Group of 
shares or loan notes (in each case, issued by a member of 
the Security Group) or similar of any director or employee

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
whose appointment and/or service contract with the 
Security Group is terminated up to SEK100,000,000 
(indexed) in total (or its equivalent in other currencies);  
(h) any acquisition expressly set out in the Structure 
Memorandum; 
(i) 
any acquisition made with the prior written consent of the 
Majority Secured Creditors; and 
(j) 
any acquisition of assets in the ordinary course of trading 
of the acquiring entity, 
and for the purposes of this definition, “Special Purpose 
Vehicle” means any limited liability off the shelf company or 
newly incorporated limited liability company acquired or 
incorporated in Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Finland or Norway 
in connection with a proposed Permitted Acquisition where each 
such company: 
(a) accedes to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement; 
(b) becomes an Additional Obligor; 
(c) is a wholly owned Subsidiary (directly or indirectly) of the 
Parent or the Borrower and is not a shareholder of any other 
member of the Group; and 
(d) Security is granted over all the shares in, and loans from, 
such company (in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Security Trustee (acting reasonably)). 
Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
means Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness and 
Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness. 
Permitted Business 
means the business of the members of the Security Group, being: 
(a) the business of being an electricity network owner and 
operator in the Nordic Region comprising operating, 
maintaining, repairing, upgrading and expanding electricity 
distribution networks and the provision of facilities for and 
connected therewith; 
(b) any other business in the Nordic Region comprising 
operating, maintaining, repairing and upgrading electricity 
assets and/or networks and the provision of facilities for 
and connected therewith, including district heating 
businesses in the Nordic Region and any such district 
heating business shall be deemed as “unregulated business” 
for the purposes of the definitions of “Permitted 
Acquisition” and “Permitted Joint Venture”;  
(c) any business or activity in the Nordic Region supporting 
any existing assets or networks the principal business of 
which is described in either paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above 
or which is complementary or ancillary to the business or 
activities in paragraphs ((a) and/or (b) above (which shall 
include the provision of any services to members of the

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
Security Group which are currently provided by third 
parties); and 
(d) any other business approved or consented to by the Security 
Trustee acting in accordance with the instructions of the 
Qualifying Secured Creditors, 
provided that the activities set out in paragraph (a) above shall 
constitute at least 90 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA unless: 
(i) 
the activities set out in paragraph (a) above 
constitute less than 90 per cent. of Consolidated 
EBITDA for a continuous period of no longer than 
three successive Calculation Dates; and 
(ii) 
the activities set out in paragraph (a) above always 
constitute at least 75 per cent. of Consolidated 
EBITDA. 
Permitted Disposal 
means any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal: 
(a) as expressly set out in the Structure Memorandum; 
(b) of assets other than shares or businesses made by any 
member of the Security Group in the ordinary course of 
trading of the disposing entity; 
(c) of any asset by a member of the Security Group (the 
“Disposing Company”) to another member of the Security 
Group 
(other 
than 
the 
Parent) 
(the 
“Acquiring 
Company”), but if: 
(iii) 
the Disposing Company is an Obligor, the Acquiring 
Company must also be an Obligor; 
(iv) 
the Disposing Company had given Security over the 
asset, the Acquiring Company must give equivalent 
Security over that asset; and 
(v) 
the Disposing Company is a Guarantor, the 
Acquiring Company must become a Guarantor 
guaranteeing at all times an amount no less than that 
guaranteed by the Disposing Company within 30 
Business Days of the disposal becoming effective; 
(d) of assets by an Obligor to any other member of the Security 
Group (other than the Parent) where the higher of the book 
value and the net consideration receivable (when 
aggregated with the higher of the book value and net 
consideration receivable for any other sale, lease, licence, 
transfer or other disposal permitted under this paragraph 
(d)) does not exceed SEK300,000,000 (indexed) (or its 
equivalent in any currency) in total aggregate at any time; 
(e) of assets (other than shares or businesses) in exchange for 
other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and 
quality, provided that, if security was given over the assets

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
disposed of, equivalent security must (subject to the Agreed 
Security Principles) be given over assets acquired in 
exchange; 
(f) 
of obsolete, redundant or surplus assets (other than shares 
or businesses) no longer required for the operation of the 
business of the Security Group; 
(g) of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or in exchange for 
other Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(h) constituted by a licence of intellectual property rights 
provided that (in the case of an exclusive licence or sale) 
such intellectual property is not required for the operation 
of the business of the Security Group; 
(i) 
to a Joint Venture to the extent permitted by paragraph 10 
(Joint Ventures) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 
2 (Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms 
Agreement); 
(j) 
arising as a result of any Permitted Security, Permitted 
Loan or Permitted Transaction; 
(k) any disposal compulsorily required by law or regulation or 
any order of any government entity where such disposal (A) 
to the extent permitted by such law, regulation or order (as 
the case may be), is made for fair market value and (B) 
would not be an Event of Default under paragraph 12 
(Expropriation) of Schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
(l) 
of assets (other than shares) for cash where the higher of 
the book value and the net consideration receivable (when 
aggregated with the higher of the book value and net 
consideration receivable for any other sale, lease, licence, 
transfer or other disposal not permitted under the preceding 
paragraph 
of 
this 
definition) 
does 
not 
exceed 
SEK500,000,000 (indexed) or its equivalent in any 
currency, in any calendar year; and 
(m) any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal otherwise 
approved by the Majority Secured Creditors. 
Permitted Distribution 
means, subject to the proviso below: 
(a) a Distribution by a member of the Security Group other 
than the Parent or the Borrower to its immediate Holding 
Company, any Subordinated Intragroup Creditor or any 
Subordinated Creditor (provided that if that member of the 
Security Group is not a wholly owned Subsidiary of the 
Parent, any Distribution to a third party shareholder of that 
member of the Security Group shall be proportionate to that 
third party shareholder's shareholding in that member of the 
Security Group);

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
(b) any Distribution to the Parent, the immediate Holding 
Company of the Parent, any Subordinated Intragroup 
Creditor or any Subordinated Creditor necessary to pay 
auditor’s fees, legal expenses, directors’ emoluments or 
insurance, 
fees 
for 
management, 
regulatory 
and 
administrative services (excluding treasury services) 
provided to members of the Security Group of a type 
customarily provided by a Holding Company to its 
Subsidiaries, and any other proper and necessary incidental 
expenses required to maintain each such company’s 
corporate existence and provide for their operating costs 
and to pay their Taxes in aggregate in any calendar year 
(plus all reasonable expenses, including the fees and 
charges of consultants or advisors incurred in connection 
with the provision of such services) in an amount not 
exceeding SEK40,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) in aggregate in any Financial Year;  
(c) any Distribution which is a Permitted Transaction under 
limbs (b) to (d) (inclusive) of the definition thereof; 
(d) a Distribution from (i) the Parent to its immediate Holding 
Company, any Subordinated Intragroup Creditor or any 
Subordinated Creditor; or (ii) the Borrower to the Parent, 
any Subordinated Intragroup Creditor or any Subordinated 
Creditor if: 
(i) 
the Parent or the Borrower (as applicable) has 
delivered the applicable financial statements and a 
Compliance Certificate for the most recent 
Calculation Date in compliance with paragraphs 1 
(Financial statements) and 3 (Provision and 
contents of Compliance Certificate) of part 2 
(Information Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security 
Group 
Covenants) 
to 
the 
Common Terms 
Agreement);  
(ii) 
no Default is continuing on the date of the 
Distribution or would occur as a result of the 
Distribution, and no Default would have occurred 
on the most recent Calculation Date as a result of 
making the Distribution (assuming the distribution 
had been made on the most recent Calculation 
Date); 
(iii) 
the relevant Compliance Certificate states (a) that no 
Lock-Up Event or Trigger Event has occurred and is 
continuing on the Calculation Date to which that 
Compliance Certificate relates and (b) no Lock-Up 
Event or Trigger Event would occur as the result of 
the proposed; and

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
(iv) 
in the event a Lock-Up Event or Trigger Event has 
previously occurred, the Security Group Agent has 
delivered a subsequent Compliance Certificate 
demonstrating that no Lock-Up Event or Trigger 
Event is continuing; or 
(e) any group contributions (Sw. koncernbidrag) from the 
Borrower to the Parent and from the Parent to Holdco 3, 
provided that no physical transfer of cash or assets is made 
and the entire amount of the group contributions are 
converted into an equal amount of shareholder’s 
contributions (Sw. aktieägartillskott) by the Parent to the 
Borrower and by Holdco 3 to the Parent (as applicable) 
simultaneously with the making of the relevant group 
contributions. 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness 
means Financial Indebtedness: 
(a) arising:  
(i) 
under any of the Finance Documents and the 
Equity Documents; or  
(ii) 
Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness, 
in each case subject to the terms of the Common Terms 
Agreement and the STID; 
(b) which constitutes Subordinated Liabilities or Subordinated 
Intragroup Liabilities, subject always to the terms of the 
Common Terms Agreement and the STID; 
(c) to the extent covered by a Letter of Credit or other letter of 
credit, guarantee or indemnity issued under an Ancillary 
Facility; 
(d) of the Parent owed to the Issuer, the purpose of which is to 
make group contributions (Sw. koncernbidrag), does not 
involve the transfer of any cash or in kind and will remain 
outstanding until all amounts due under the Finance 
Documents to the 
Secured Creditors have been 
unconditionally and irrevocably paid in full; 
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or 
forward delivery entered into in connection with protection 
against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign 
exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of trade or 
in respect of Utilisations made in Optional Currencies but 
not a foreign exchange transaction for investment or 
speculative purposes; 
(f) 
arising under or in respect of a Permitted Transaction, a 
Permitted Joint Venture, a Permitted Loan or a Permitted 
Guarantee or as permitted by paragraph 27 (Treasury 
Transactions) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
(Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
(g) of any person acquired by a member of the Security Group 
after the Closing Date which is incurred under 
arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not 
incurred or increased or having its maturity date extended 
in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and 
outstanding only for a period of three months following the 
date of acquisition; 
(h) under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment 
or computers, provided that the aggregate capital value of 
all such items so leased under outstanding leases by 
members of the Security Group does not exceed 
SEK200,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currency) at any time; 
(i) 
incurred by a member of the Security Group (other than the 
Parent) pursuant to or in connection with any cash pooling 
arrangement in place with other members of the Security 
Group and with an Acceptable Bank provided that Obligors 
may not have an aggregate exposure at any time of more 
than SEK400,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) in respect of liabilities of members of the 
Security Group which are not Obligors in connection with 
such arrangements; 
(j) 
until the Closing Date, any Existing Debt; 
(k) not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the 
outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed 
SEK500,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currency) in aggregate for the Security Group at any time; 
and 
(l) 
any other Financial Indebtedness approved or consented to 
by the Majority Secured Creditors, 
(m) provided that, any Financial Indebtedness permitted under 
the preceding paragraphs which is unsecured shall not in 
aggregate exceed 3 per cent. of the Relevant Debt then 
outstanding 
Permitted Guarantee 
means: 
(a) the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary 
course of trade; 
(b) any performance or similar bond guaranteeing performance 
by a member of the Security Group under any contract 
entered into in the ordinary course of trade; 
(c) any guarantee of a Permitted Joint Venture; 
(d) any guarantee permitted under paragraph 21 (Financial 
Indebtedness) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
(Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms 
Agreement); 
(e) any guarantee given in respect of the netting or set-off 
arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of the 
definition of “Permitted Security”; 
(f) 
any guarantee or indemnity given in the ordinary course of 
the documentation of an acquisition or disposal transaction 
which is a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Disposal 
which guarantee or indemnity is in a customary form and 
subject to customary limitations; 
(g) any guarantee by an Obligor of leasehold rental obligations 
in the ordinary course of business; 
(h) any guarantee granted under the Common Documents; 
(i) 
any guarantee given by a member of the Security Group in 
relation to an Obligor’s obligations, provided that if the 
relevant member of the Security Group granting the 
guarantee is not an Obligor, it has subordinated its rights in 
respect of such guarantee under a subordination agreement 
on terms satisfactory to the Qualifying Secured Creditors; 
(j) 
any guarantee of a Treasury Transaction which is permitted 
by paragraph 27 (Treasury Transactions) of part 3 (General 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) to 
the Common Terms Agreement); 
(k) a guarantee by an Obligor of the obligations of a member 
of the Security Group which is not an Obligor, provided the 
aggregate amount guaranteed does not exceed in aggregate 
SEK300,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) at any time; 
(l) 
any guarantee not permitted by the preceding paragraphs or 
as a Permitted Transaction and the outstanding principal 
amount of which does not exceed SEK200,000,000 
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currency) in aggregate 
for the Security Group at any time; and 
(m) any other guarantee approved or consented to prior written 
notice by the Majority Secured Creditors. 
Permitted Hedge Termination 
means the termination of a Hedging Agreement permitted in 
accordance with the provisions of the Hedging Policy.  
Permitted Joint Venture 
means any investment in any Joint Venture (other than one made 
by the Parent) where: 
(a) the Joint Venture is incorporated, or established, and carries 
on its principal business, in the Nordic Region; 
(b) the Joint Venture is engaged in a Permitted Business;  
(c) the aggregate of:

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
(i) 
all amounts subscribed for shares in, lent to, or 
invested in all such Joint Ventures by any member 
of the Security Group; 
(ii) 
the contingent liabilities of any member of the 
Security Group under any guarantee given in respect 
of the liabilities of any such Joint Venture;  
(iii) 
any commitments given by any member of the 
Security Group to fund actual or contingent 
obligations of such Joint Venture; and 
(iv) 
the market value of any assets transferred by any 
member of the Security Group to any such Joint 
Venture, 
does not exceed SEK5,000,000,000 (indexed) (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) at any time or, to the extent 
that it does exceed either such amount, the excess is funded 
by either (A) New Shareholder Injections or (B) amounts 
which would otherwise be payable at the relevant time by 
the Borrower as a Permitted Distribution (but has not so 
been paid) under paragraphs (c) or (d) of that definition;  
(d) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation calculated on the same basis as Consolidated 
EBITDA of the part of the Joint Venture attributable to the 
Security Group which falls within paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Permitted Business”, when aggregated with 
the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation calculated on the same basis as Consolidated 
EBITDA of all other businesses of the Security Group 
which fall within paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Permitted Business” will not exceed 15 per cent. of 
Consolidated EBITDA (or, in the case of any unregulated 
business, 10 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA) calculated 
on a pro forma basis for the relevant Joint Venture; and 
(e) at the time of such investment no Default is continuing or 
would result from such investment being made. 
Permitted Loan 
means: 
(a) any trade credit extended by any member of the Security 
Group to its customers on normal commercial terms and 
any advance payment made in relation to Capital 
Expenditure, in each case in the ordinary course of its 
trading activities; 
(b) Financial Indebtedness which is referred to in the definition 
of, or otherwise constitutes, “Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness” (except under paragraph (g) of that 
definition with respect to a Permitted Loan);

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
(c) a loan made to a Joint Venture to the extent permitted by 
paragraph 10 (Joint Ventures) of part 3 (General 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) to 
the Common Terms Agreement); 
(d) any Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities, subject always to 
the terms of the Common Terms Agreement and the STID; 
(e) any loan made by an Obligor (other than the Parent) to a 
member of the Group which is not an Obligor provided that 
the aggregate of all such loans does not exceed 
SEK300,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currency) or any loan made by a member of the Group 
which is not an Obligor to another member of the Group; 
(f) 
a loan made by the Issuer to the Parent or by the Parent to 
its immediate Holding Company to the extent that the 
amount lent was otherwise available to be paid as a 
Permitted Distribution and had not previously been paid; 
(g) a loan made by a member of the Security Group to an 
employee or director of any member of the Security Group 
if the amount of that loan when aggregated with the amount 
of all loans to employees and directors by members of the 
Security Group, or to an employee benefit trust, does not, 
in either case, exceed SEK40,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent in other currency) at any time;  
(h) any deferred consideration in relation to Permitted 
Disposals where the amount of such deferred consideration 
does not exceed 35 per cent. of the aggregate consideration 
receivable by the Security Group in respect of that 
Permitted Disposal and where such deferred consideration 
has to be paid within 12 months of that date of such 
disposal;  
(i) 
any loan made by the Issuer to HoldCo 1 in connection with 
the proposed acquisition of Laforsen Produktionsnät 
Aktiebolag by HoldCo 1; and 
(j) 
any loan (other than a loan made by a member of the 
Security Group to another member of the Security Group) 
not permitted by the preceding paragraphs so long as the 
aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any 
such loans does not exceed SEK300,000,000 (Indexed) (or 
its equivalent in other currency) at any time. 
Permitted Refinancing Debt 
means loans made to a Borrower, an Additional Holdco or a 
Finco by a person other than a member of the Group, or bonds 
or notes (including any U.S. private placement notes) issued by 
an Issuer, an Additional Holdco or a Finco held by a person other 
than a member of the Security Group where the net proceeds of 
such loans, bonds or notes are to be applied in prepayment of:

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
(a) the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities, in accordance with 
clause 
9 
(Illegality, 
Voluntary 
Prepayment 
and 
Cancellation) of the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
Agreement; and/or 
(b) the other Authorised Credit Facilities, in accordance with 
the relevant prepayment or redemption (however 
described) provisions in such other Authorised Credit 
Facility Agreements,  
and provided that, unless such public bonds or private placement 
notes issued by such Issuer, Additional Holdco or Finco 
constitute Class B Debt, such Issuer has (or has procured that the 
Additional Holdco or Finco (as applicable) has) obtained a 
confirmation from a Rating Agency that such proposed public 
bonds or private placement notes will have a long-term credit 
rating which is Investment Grade 
Permitted Additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
means Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness and 
Class B Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness. 
Permitted Security 
means: 
(a) any Security entered into pursuant to any Finance 
Document; 
(b) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary 
course of trading and not as a result of any default or 
omission by any member of the Security Group; 
(c) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any 
member of the Security Group with an Acceptable Bank in 
the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the 
purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of 
the Security Group (including a multi-account overdraft) 
but only so long as (i) such arrangement does not permit 
credit balances of Obligors to be netted or set off against 
debit balances of the Parent or any members of the Security 
Group which are not Obligors and (ii) such arrangement 
does not give rise to other Security over the assets of 
Obligors (other than the Parent) in support of liabilities of 
members of the Security Group which are not Obligors; 
(d) any payment or close out netting or set-off arrangement 
pursuant to any Treasury Transaction or foreign exchange 
transaction entered into by a member of the Security Group 
which constitutes Permitted Financial Indebtedness, 
excluding any Security or Quasi-Security under a credit 
support arrangement;  
(e) any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset 
acquired by a member of the Security Group after the 
Closing Date if:

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
(i) 
the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in 
contemplation of the acquisition of that asset by a 
member of the Security Group; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not been increased 
in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that 
asset by a member of the Security Group; and 
(iii) 
the Security or Quasi-Security is removed or 
discharged within three months of the date of 
acquisition of such asset;  
(f) 
any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset 
of any company which becomes a member of the Security 
Group after the Closing Date, where the Security or Quasi-
Security is created prior to the date on which that company 
becomes a member of the Security Group if: 
(i) 
the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in 
contemplation of the acquisition of that company; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not increased in 
contemplation of or since the acquisition of that 
company; and 
(iii) 
the Security or Quasi-Security is removed or 
discharged within three Months of that company 
becoming a member of the Security Group; 
(g) any Security or Quasi-Security arising under any retention 
of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or 
arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods 
supplied to a member of the Security Group in the ordinary 
course of trading and on the supplier’s standard or usual 
terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission 
by any member of the Security Group;  
(h) any Security or Quasi-Security (existing as at the date of 
the Common Terms Agreement) over assets of any member 
of the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries so long as the 
Security or Quasi-Security is irrevocably removed or 
discharged by no later than the Closing Date, unless 
otherwise permitted under the Common Terms Agreement; 
(i) 
any Quasi-Security arising as a result of a disposal which is 
a Permitted Disposal; 
(j) 
any Security or Quasi-Security arising as a consequence of 
any finance or capital lease permitted pursuant to the 
definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”; 
(k) any Security or Quasi-Security over goods and documents 
of title to goods arising under letter of credit transactions 
under an Ancillary Facility;

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
(l) 
any Security or Quasi-Security over rental deposits arising 
in the ordinary course of trading and on arm’s length terms 
in respect of any property leased or licensed by a member 
of the Security Group; 
(m) any Security or Quasi-Security over ownership interests in 
Permitted Joint Ventures to secure obligations to other 
Permitted Joint Venture partners; 
(n) any Security or Quasi-Security over bank accounts of 
members of the Security Group which are not Obligors in 
favour of an Acceptable Bank and granted as part of that 
financial institution’s standard terms and conditions; 
(o) any Security or Quasi-Security arising as a result of legal 
proceedings or by operation of law in respect of Taxes, in 
each case being contested in good faith; 
(p) any Security securing indebtedness of any member of the 
Security Group which is not an Obligor, the outstanding 
principal amount of which (when aggregated with the 
outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness of 
any member of the Security Group which is not an Obligor 
which is secured over its assets) does not exceed 
SEK200,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) in aggregate at any time; or  
(q) any Security securing indebtedness the outstanding 
principal amount of which (when aggregated with the 
outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness 
which has the benefit of Security given by any member of 
the Security Group other than any permitted under 
paragraphs 
(a) 
to 
(p) 
above) 
does 
not 
exceed 
SEK500,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Permitted Share Issue 
means an issue of:  
(a) ordinary shares by the Parent to HoldCo 3, paid for in full 
in cash upon issue and which by their terms are not 
redeemable and where such shares are of the same class and 
on the same terms as those initially issued by the Parent; 
(b) shares by a member of the Security Group which is a 
Subsidiary of the Parent to its immediate Holding Company 
where (if the existing shares of the Subsidiary are the 
subject of the Borrower Security) the newly issued shares 
also become subject to the Borrower Security on the same 
terms; 
(c) shares where the issue is permitted pursuant to paragraph 
10 (Joint Ventures) of part 3 (General Covenants) of 
schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) to the Common 
Terms Agreement); or

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
(d) any other issue approved or consented to in writing by the 
Majority Secured Creditors. 
Permitted Share Pledge Acceleration 
has the meaning given to it in clause 21.3 (Permitted 
Acceleration) of the STID. 
Permitted Share Pledge Enforcement 
means the enforcement of the share pledge provided by the 
Parent over the shares of Ellevio during a Standstill (or upon full 
enforcement). 
Permitted Transaction 
means: 
(a) any disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, 
guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security given, 
or other transaction arising, under the Common 
Documents; 
(b) the solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any member of 
the Security Group which is not an Obligor so long as any 
payments or assets are distributed to another member of the 
Security Group, or of an Obligor (excluding the Parent, and 
the Borrower) so long as any payments or assets are 
distributed to another Obligor and the reorganisation will 
not have an adverse impact on the Borrower Security or any 
guarantees; 
(c) transactions (other than (i) any sale, lease, license, transfer 
or other disposal and (ii) the granting or creation of Security 
or the incurring or permitting to subsist of Financial 
Indebtedness) conducted in the ordinary course of trading 
on arm’s length terms;  
(d) any acquisition, disposal, payment or other transactions 
expressly set out in the Structure Memorandum;  
(e) the incorporation of a company or the acquisition of a 
newly incorporated shelf company which on incorporation 
or acquisition (as applicable) becomes the immediate 
Holding Company of the Borrower and the direct 
Subsidiary of the Parent, provided that such new company 
becomes an Additional Obligor; and 
(f) 
any other merger of a Security Group member with: 
(i) 
another member of the Security Group; or  
(ii) 
any wholly owned Subsidiary of a member of the 
Security Group which is not a member of the 
Security Group,  
provided that the Secured Creditors have the benefit of any 
professional opinions and reports requested by it), the same or 
equivalent guarantees from it (or its successor) and the same or 
equivalent security over the same assets and over the shares in it 
(or in each case its successor) after the applicable merger as the 
Secured Creditors had before the merger as determined by the

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
Security Trustee (acting reasonably and consistent with any 
professional opinions and support requested by it). 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
following delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement and detailed in Chapter 16 
(“Summary of the Common Documents, the Finance Documents 
and the Bond Programme Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
Potential Event of Default 
means any event or circumstance which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the giving of any notice and/or the making of any 
determination (in each case, where the lapse of time and/or 
giving of notice and/or determination is provided for in the terms 
of such Event of Default, and assuming no intervening remedy), 
will become an Event of Default. 
PP Noteholders 
means those institutions which hold PP Notes from time to time. 
PP Note Issuer 
means Ellevio or any successor appointed as issuer of the PP 
Notes pursuant to the PP Note Purchase Agreement. 
PP Note Purchase Agreement 
means each note purchase agreement pursuant to which the PP 
Note Issuer issues PP Notes from time to time. 
PP Notes 
means the privately placed notes issued by the PP Note Issuer 
from time to time under and pursuant to a PP Note Purchase 
Agreement. 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 119 of this Prospectus. 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
prior to delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement and detailed in Chapter 16 
(“Summary of the Common Documents, the Finance Documents 
and the Bond Programme Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
Pre-hedges 
has the meaning given to it on page 212 of this Prospectus. 
Pricing Supplement 
means a pricing supplement which will contain the pricing 
details and any additional terms of an issue by Ellevio of unlisted 
Bonds and/or Bonds not admitted to trading on any regulated or 
unregulated market. 
Primary Account(s) 
means any bank account or accounts of an Obligor (including 
any sub-account or sub-accounts relating to that account and any 
replacement account from time to time) which is held by an 
Obligor with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Primary Account Bank 
means  Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
means:  
(a) 
in relation to a Bond or Tranche of Bonds, the original 
face value thereof less any repayment of principal made 
to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Bond or 
Tranche; and/or

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Class A PP Notes, Class B PP Notes, 
Class A Institutional Loans or Class B Institutional 
Loans, the principal amount outstanding in respect 
thereof. 
Prospectus 
means the prospectus relating to the Bonds prepared in 
connection with the Bond Programme and constituting (in the 
case of Bonds to be listed on a Stock Exchange), to the extent 
specified in it, a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation as revised, supplemented or amended from time to 
time by Ellevio (including by way of a Drawdown Prospectus) 
and, in relation to each Bond issue, the applicable Final Terms 
shall be deemed to be included in the Prospectus. 
Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Qualified Investor 
as is defined within Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice  
means a notice titled as such, delivered in accordance with clause 
23 (Qualifying Secured Creditor Instructions) of the STID to the 
Security Trustee.. 
Qualifying Authorised Credit Facilities 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, the Class A Debt (other than any Class A Hedging 
Transaction, any Class A PP Notes and any other Class A Bonds) 
or, following repayment and/or termination in full of all 
Qualifying Class A Debt and for so long as Qualifying Class B 
Debt remains outstanding, the Class B Debt (other than any Class 
B Hedging Transaction, any Class B PP Notes and any other 
Class B Bonds). 
Qualifying Bondholders 
has the meaning given to it on page 148 of this Prospectus. 
Qualifying Bonds 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, any Tranche of Class A Bonds or, following 
repayment and/or termination in full of all Qualifying Class A 
Debt and for so long as Qualifying Class B Debt remains 
outstanding, any Sub-Class of Class B Bonds. 
Qualifying Class A Debt 
means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under any 
Class A Debt (other than under any Class A Liquidity Facility or 
any Class A Hedging Transaction) provided by a Class A 
Creditor (other than any Class A LF Providers or any Class A 
Hedge Counterparties). 
Qualifying Class B Debt 
means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under any 
Class B Debt (other than under any Class B Hedging 
Transaction) provided by a Class B Creditor (other than any 
Class B Hedge Counterparties). 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparties 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, the Class A Hedge Counterparties or, following 
repayment and/or termination in full of all Qualifying Class A

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
Debt and for so long as Qualifying Class B Debt remains 
outstanding, the Class B Hedge Counterparties. 
Qualifying Hedging Transaction 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, each of the Class A Hedging Transactions or, 
following repayment in full of the Qualifying Class A Debt and 
for so long as Qualifying Class B Debt remains outstanding, each 
of the Class B Hedging Transactions 
Qualifying PP Noteholders 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, the Class A PP Noteholders or, following repayment 
and/or termination in full of all Qualifying Class A Debt and for 
so long as Qualifying Class B Debt remains outstanding, the 
Class B PP Noteholders. 
Qualifying PP Notes 
means, for so long as Qualifying Class A Debt remains 
outstanding, the Class A PP Notes or, following repayment 
and/or termination in full of all Qualifying Class A Debt and for 
so long as Qualifying Class B Debt remains outstanding, the 
Class B PP Notes. 
Qualifying Secured Creditors 
means a Class A Creditor (other than any Class A LF Provider) 
or following the repayment in full of the Qualifying Class A 
Debt, a Class B Creditor and "Qualifying Secured Creditors" 
means the Class A Creditors or following the repayment in full 
of the Qualifying Class A Debt, the Class B Creditors 
Qualifying Secured Debt 
means indebtedness owed by the Obligors to the Qualifying 
Secured Creditors. 
Qualifying Senior Debt 
means the aggregate of: 
(a) in relation to any Qualifying Class A Debt other than any 
Class A Hedging Transaction, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount under such Qualifying Class A Debt or, following 
the repayment and/or termination in full of all Qualifying 
Class A Debt, the Qualifying Class B Debt at such time; and 
(b) in relation to any Qualifying Hedging Transaction, an 
amount calculated in accordance with clause 11.1 (Voting 
in respect of Qualifying Hedging Transactions by 
Qualifying Hedge Counterparties) of the STID. 
Quasi-Security 
means an arrangement or transaction described in paragraph 14 
(Negative pledge) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2 
(Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms Agreement). 
Quorum Requirement 
means: 
(a) in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, the percentage set 
forth in Clause 14.2 (Quorum Requirement for an Ordinary 
Voting Matter) of the STID; 
(b) in relation to an Extraordinary Voting Matter, the 
percentages set forth in Clause 15.2 (Quorum Requirement 
for an Extraordinary Voting Matter) of the STID; and

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
(c) in relation to a Direction Notice other than in connection 
with a Standstill, the percentage set forth in Clause 24.2 
(Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Direction 
Notice) of the STID. 
RAB  
means the Regulatory Asset Base. 
RAC 
means:  
(a) with respect to any matter, a written confirmation from each 
of the Rating Agencies that the Rating would not be 
downgraded, withdrawn or qualified; or  
(b) a written confirmation from the relevant Rating Agency to 
the effect that it will not issue the confirmation 
contemplated in (a) because the proposed action in respect 
of which the confirmation is sought is not “credit matter” 
(or words substantially to that effect). 
Rating 
means: 
(a) a public or private credit rating of: (i) Ellevio; and/or (ii) 
the credit rating of any Class A Debt of Ellevio through any 
loans, bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or any similar 
instrument by a Rating Agency; or 
(b) a published issuer or corporate family rating of Ellevio by 
a Rating Agency, 
provided that such a rating of any conduit lending vehicle that is 
based on loans securitised from Ellevio shall be treated as if it 
were such a rating of Ellevio for the purpose of this definition. 
Rating Agencies 
means S&P and any successor to any of the aforementioned 
parties and any further rating agency appointed by the Issuer (and 
“Rating Agency” means any one of them). 
Ratings Confirmation 
means, in respect of a proposed action, a confirmation by the 
relevant Rating Agencies mandated by Ellevio from time to time 
(who give such Ratings Confirmations as a part of their 
mandate), in respect of each Sub-Class of the relevant Bonds, to 
the effect that the then ratings of such Sub-Class of Bonds would 
not be reduced below the lower of: (a) the credit ratings of such 
Bonds as at their Issue Date; and (b) Investment Grade. 
Receiptholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the Receipts. 
Receipts 
means a receipt attached on issue to a Bearer Definitive Bond 
redeemable in instalments for the payment of an instalment of 
principal, such receipt being in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed or in such other form as may 
be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of 
Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between Ellevio, the Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements for

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
Receipts issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Replacement of 
Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
Receiver 
means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver in 
respect of the whole or any part of the Security. 
Redemption Amount 
means the amount provided under Condition 8 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options), unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks 
means the principal London offices of any bank or financial 
institution appointed as such by Ellevio or Facility Agent, as 
applicable. 
Register 
has the meaning given to it on page 114 of this Prospectus. 
Registered Bonds 
means those Bonds (if any) which are for the time being in 
registered form. 
Registered Definitive Bond(s) 
means a Registered Bond in definitive form issued or, as the case 
may require, to be issued by Ellevio in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed either on issue or in exchange for 
a Registered Global Bond or part thereof (all as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), such Registered Definitive Bond being 
in the form or substantially in the form set out Schedule 2 (Form 
of Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) to the Trust Deed with 
such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction 
in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold 
from time to time or as otherwise agreed between Ellevio, the 
Registrar, the Bond Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) and 
having the Conditions endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the 
relevant Stock Exchange, incorporating the Conditions by 
reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having 
the relevant information supplementing, replacing or modifying 
the Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto and having a Form of Transfer 
endorsed thereon. 
Registered Global Bond 
means a Regulation S Global Bond. 
Registrar 
means Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (or, if 
applicable, any successor registrar appointed pursuant to the 
Bond Programme Documents) in relation to all or any Tranche 
of Bonds. 
Regulation S 
means Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Bond 
means a registered global bond in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed with such modifications (if 
any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular 
Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as 
otherwise agreed between Ellevio, the Registrar, the Bond

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all 
of the Registered Bonds of the same Tranche sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, issued by Ellevio pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement or any other agreement between Ellevio and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Bond Programme, the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed. 
Regulatory Asset Value or RAV 
means the annually calculated net present value of the electricity 
network, derived from the aggregate Replacement Value and 
weighted average techno-economic lifetime value (as provided 
by the Ei) of all groups of components across the network. 
Regulatory Consent 
means any Authorisation that is or may in the future be required 
to be obtained from the Ei under the terms of a licence, or under 
any relevant statutory provision or other law or regulation or any 
undertaking or assurance agreed with the Ei in each case 
applicable to the activities of the Security Group. 
Regulatory Period 
means the period in respect of which the maximum charges to 
electricity network users are fixed by the Ei. 
Relevant Currency 
means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Bonds are denominated. 
Relevant Dealer 
means, in the case of an issue of Bonds being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe to such Bonds. 
Relevant Debt 
means the Secured Debt (other than the notional amount under 
any Hedging Agreement and the uncancelled commitments 
under any Class A Liquidity Facility, Class B Liquidity Facility, 
Class A Capex Facility, Class B Capex Facility and WC Facility). 
Relevant Historic Period 
means each period of twelve months ending on a Calculation 
Date. 
Relevant Jurisdiction 
means, in relation to an Obligor: 
(a) its jurisdiction of incorporation; 
(b) any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or intended to be 
subject to the Security to be created by it is situated; and 
(c) the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any of 
the Security Documents entered into by it. 
Relevant Month 
means the month that is to be considered for determining the 
Index Figure. 
Relevant Period 
means in respect of: 
(a) the Financial Covenants, each Relevant Historic Period; 
(b) the Backward Lock-Up Tests, each Relevant Historic 
Period;

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
(c) the Forward Lock-Up Tests, each Relevant Projected 
Period; and 
(d) the Extended Forward Lock-Up Tests, each period of 36 
months ending after each Calculation Date; 
Relevant Projected Period 
means each period of twelve months commencing on the day 
after a Calculation Date. 
Repeating Representations 
means the representations set out in: 
(a) paragraphs 1 (Status) to 6 (Governing law and 
enforcement), 8 (No filing or stamp taxes), 10.2 (No default 
or Trigger Event) and 20 (Good title to assets) of part 1 
(General) of schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) 
to the Common Terms Agreement; and 
(b) in respect of the most recent financial statements only, 
paragraph 12 (Financial Statements) of part 1 (General) of 
schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) to the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Replacement Value or RV 
means the cost of replacing electricity distribution network 
components, with the price being supplied by the Ei. 
Representative 
means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, 
attorney, trustee or custodian. 
Reserved Matters 
means matters in respect of which a Secured Creditor will be free 
to exercise its discretion in accordance with its rights under the 
Finance Documents to which it is a party (which are not 
Common Documents). Generally, a Secured Creditor may agree 
to any modifications to and give consent or grant waiver in 
respect of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (which 
are not Common Documents) without the consent of the Security 
Trustee provided that the modification, consent or waiver does 
not conflict with any provisions of the Common Documents in 
which case the terms of the Common Documents would prevail. 
Resident Holder 
has the meaning given to it on page 232 of this Prospectus. 
Residual Call Redemption Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 140 of this Prospectus 
Restricted Payment 
means a payment under paragraph (d) of the definition of 
“Permitted Distribution”. 
Revolving Credit Facility 
has the meaning given to it in the Initial Authorised Credit 
Facilities Agreement. 
Rollover Loan 
means either a Capex Facility Rollover Loan or a WC Facility 
Rollover Loan. 
RP1, RP2, RP3 and RP4 
means the first, second, third and fourth regulatory periods 
respectively under the EA. 
S&P and Standard & Poor’s 
means Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, or any successor to its rating business.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
Sanctioned Country 
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself 
the subject or target of any Sanctions (including, at the date of 
the Common Terms Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Burma, 
North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Russia, the Donetsk People’s 
Republic, the Luhansk People’s Republic, the non-government 
controlled areas of Zaporizhzhia and Kherson, and any other 
territory or region of Ukraine currently under the asserted control 
of Russia, recognized by Russia, or subject to territorial claims 
by Russia). 
Sanctioned Person 
means, at any time: 
(a) any person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated 
persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. 
Department of State, or by the United Nations Security 
Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury of 
the United Kingdom, any EU member state or the 
Government of Canada;  
(b) any person operating, organised or resident in a Sanctioned 
Country; or  
(c) any person owned or controlled by any such person or 
persons described in paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Sanctioning Authority 
means: 
(a) the United Nations Security Council; 
(b) the United States of America; 
(c) the European Union (or any of its member states); 
(d) the United Kingdom; 
(e) Australia; and 
(f) 
the governments and official institutions or agencies of any 
of paragraphs (a) to (e) above, including the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State and 
Her Majesty’s Treasury. 
Sanctions 
means any trade, economic or financial sanctions laws, 
regulations or embargoes administered, enacted or enforced by a 
Sanctioning Authority. 
Securities Act 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Security Asset 
means the assets which from time to time are, or are expressed 
to be, the subject of the Security or any part of those assets. 
Secured Creditors 
means: 
(a) 
the Initial ACF Lenders;  
(b) 
the Class B Senior Term Facility Lenders; 
(c) 
the Class A Bondholders; 
(d) 
the Class B Bondholders;

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
(e) 
the Class B Capex Facility Lenders; 
(f) 
the Initial PP Noteholders; 
(g) 
any Class A PP Noteholders; 
(h) 
any Class B PP Noteholders; 
(i) 
the Initial Authorised Institutional Loan Providers; 
(j) 
the Class A Institutional Loan Providers; 
(k) 
the Class B Institutional Loan Providers; 
(l) 
the Class A LF Providers;  
(m) 
the Class B LF Providers; 
(n) 
the Class A Hedge Counterparties;  
(o) 
the Class B Hedge Counterparties;  
(p) 
the Super Senior Hedge Counterparties;  
(q) 
the Account Bank; 
(r) 
the Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf 
of the other Secured Creditors); 
(s) 
the Facility Agent(s);  
(t) 
the Bond Trustee;  
(u) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent;  
(v) 
each Paying Agent; 
(w) 
the Transfer Agent; 
(x) 
the Registrar; 
(y) 
the Exchange Agent; 
(z) 
each other Authorised Credit Provider; 
(aa) 
each Secured Creditor Representative; 
(bb) 
each Calculation Agent; 
(cc) 
any Receiver or Delegate, 
(dd) 
the Standstill Cash Manager, and 
(ee) 
each Additional Secured Creditor, 
and “Secured Creditor” means any one of them. 
Secured Creditor Representative 
means the Representative of a Secured Creditor appointed in 
accordance with clause 9 (Appointment of Representatives) of 
the STID.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
Secured Debt 
means any financial accommodation pursuant to an Authorised 
Credit Facility that is, for the purposes of the STID, treated as 
Secured Debt and includes the Security Group’s liabilities under: 
(a) any Class A Debt; 
(b) any Class B Debt; 
(c) any Class A Liquidity Facility; 
(d) any Class B Liquidity Facility; 
(e) any and all net liabilities under the Super Senior Hedging 
Transactions;  
(f) 
each other Authorised Credit Facility; and 
(g) any further debt incurred in due course and permitted under 
the Finance Documents, the provider of which accedes to 
the relevant Finance Documents. 
Secured Liabilities 
means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether 
actual or contingent or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each 
Obligor to any Secured Creditor under each Finance Document 
to which such Obligor is a party. 
Security Documents 
means: 
(a) the Initial Parent Intragroup Loan Pledge; 
(b) the Parent Share Pledge 
(c) the Swedish law security agreement entered into between 
Ellevio and the Security Trustee relating to real property 
mortgage certificates issued in certain real properties 
owned by Ellevio; 
(d) the Swedish law security agreement entered into between 
Ellevio and the Security Trustee relating to business 
mortgage certificates issued by Ellevio; 
(e) the English Security Agreement; 
(f) 
the STID and each deed of accession thereto, together with 
any deed supplemental to the STID and referred to in the 
STID as a “Supplemental Deed”; and 
(g) any other document evidencing or creating security over 
any asset of the Obligors to secure any obligation of the 
Obligors to a Secured Creditor in respect of the Secured 
Debt. 
Security Group 
means Ellevio, the Parent and each of their Material Subsidiaries. 
Security Group Agent 
means Ellevio. 
Security Trustee 
means Citibank, N.A., London Branch (if any successor trustee 
appointed pursuant to the STID) will act as security trustee for 
itself and on behalf of the Secured Creditors and will hold, and 
will be entitled to enforce, the security provided by the Obligors 
subject to the terms of the Security Documents.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
Security 
means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or 
arrangement having a similar effect. 
Semi-Annual Financial Statements 
means the financial statements delivered pursuant to 
paragraph 1.2 (Financial Statements) of part 2 (Information 
Covenants) of schedule 2 (Security Group Covenants) to the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Senior Interest Cover Ratio 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of Funds from 
Operations (after adding Net Finance Charges) to Net Finance 
Charges in respect of any Relevant Period. 
Senior Leverage Ratio 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of Class A Net 
Debt to Consolidated EBITDA on the last day of that Relevant 
Period. 
Series (of Bonds) 
means a Sub-Class of Bonds together with any further Sub-Class 
of Bonds which are: 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and  
(b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices and the expressions “Bonds of the 
relevant Sub-Class”, “holders of Bonds of the relevant 
Sub-Class” 
and 
related 
expressions 
shall 
(where 
appropriate) be construed accordingly. 
SF6 
means sulphur hexafluoride, a greenhouse gas. 
SFSA 
has the meaning given to it on page 102 of this Prospectus. 
Shareholders 
has the meaning given to it on page 18 of this Prospectus. 
Signing Date 
means 19 August 2016. 
SKI or Svenskt Kvalitetsindex 
means the market research organisation based in Sweden which 
conducts research into customer and employee satisfaction. 
Specified Currency 
means, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollars, SEK, CAD, NOK and such other 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by 
Ellevio, the Relevant Dealer, the Paying Agent and the Bond 
Trustee and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination(s) 
means, in respect of a Series of Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Bonds specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Standby Drawing 
means either a Class A Standby Drawing or a Class B Standby 
Drawing as the context may require. 
Standstill 
means, as provided for in Clauses 19.1 (Commencement of 
Standstill) of the STID, a standstill of claims of the Secured 
Creditors against Ellevio or the Security Group immediately 
upon notification to the Security Trustee of the occurrence of an 
Event of Default.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
Standstill Cash Manager 
means, initially, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or 
any other person so appointed in such capacity as the Standstill 
Cash Manager under the CTA. 
Standstill Period 
means a period during which a standstill arrangement is 
subsisting, commencing on the date as determined in accordance 
with the STID, and ending on the date as determined in 
accordance with the STID. 
Sterling, GBP, pounds or £ 
means the lawful currency, for the time being, of the UK. 
STIBOR 
means the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate. 
STID or Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed 
means the security trust and intercreditor deed dated 19 August 
between the parties to the Common Terms Agreement, together 
with any deed supplemental to the STID and referred to in the 
STID as a Supplemental Deed. 
STID Proposal 
means a proposal or request made by the Security Group Agent 
in accordance with the STID proposing or requesting the 
Security Trustee to concur in making any modification, giving 
any consent or granting any waiver under or in respect of any 
Common Document. 
Stock Exchange 
means Euronext Dublin or any other or further stock exchange(s) 
on which any Bonds may from time to time be listed, and 
references to the relevant stock exchange shall, in relation to any 
Bonds, be references to the Stock Exchange on which such 
Bonds are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
Structure Memorandum 
means the structure paper entitled “Project Lucia Tax Structure 
Paper” dated the Closing Date prepared by PwC. 
Sub-Class 
means a division of a Class.  
Subordinated Creditor 
means Ellevio Holding 3 AB and any entity which accedes to the 
in accordance with clause 2.4 (Accession of Additional 
Subordinated Creditor) of the STID and delivers an accession 
memorandum in the form set out in Part 5 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum (New Subordinated Creditor)) of Schedule 1 
(Form of Accession Memorandum) to the STID. 
Subordinated Hedge Amount 
means any termination payment due or overdue to a Hedge 
Counterparty under any Hedging Agreement which arises as a 
result of the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Hedging Agreement) where the relevant Hedge 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant 
Hedging Agreement). 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor 
means Ellevio Holding 4 AB and any other member of the 
Security Group which accedes to the STID as a Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor in accordance with clause 2.3 (Accession of 
Additional Subordinated Intragroup Creditor) of the STID and 
delivers an accession memorandum in the form set out in Part 4 
(Form 
of Accession 
Memorandum 
(New 
Subordinated

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
Intragroup Creditor)) of Schedule 1 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum) to the STID. 
Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities 
means all present and future liabilities at any time of any member 
of the Security Group to a Subordinated Intragroup Creditor in 
respect of any Financial Indebtedness. 
Subordinated Liabilities 
means all present and future liabilities at any time of any member 
of the Security Group to a Subordinated Creditor in respect of 
any Financial Indebtedness. 
Subordinated Liquidity Payments 
means the Class A Subordinated Liquidity Payments and the 
Class B Subordinated Liquidity Payments, as the case may be. 
Subsidiary(ies) 
means: 
(a) a subsidiary undertaking within the meaning of section 
1162 of the Companies Act 2006 which, for this purpose, 
shall be treated as providing that: 
(i) 
an undertaking which has granted Security over its 
shares or other ownership interest in another 
undertaking, by which the recipient of the Security 
(or its nominee) holds the legal title to that interest, 
shall nevertheless be treated as a member of that 
other undertaking; and 
(ii) 
rights attached to shares or other ownership interests 
which are subject to Security shall be treated as held 
by the grantor of Security; and  
(b) in relation to any person, any entity which at any time is a 
subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) of such person, directly or 
indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. 
aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
Super Senior Hedge Counterparty 
means the counterparty to any Super Senior Hedging Agreement. 
Super Senior Hedging Transaction 
means a Hedging Transaction arising under a Super Senior 
Hedging Agreement. 
Super Senior Hedging Agreement 
means a Hedging Agreement under which the obligations of a 
Borrower rank in priority to that Borrower’s obligations in 
respect of Secured Debt (other than in respect of amounts under 
the Liquidity Facility Agreements). 
Supplemental Account(s) 
means any bank account or accounts of an Obligor (including 
any sub-account or sub-accounts relating to that account and any 
replacement account from time to time) which is held by an 
Obligor with Nordea Bank AB (publ). 
Supplemental Account Bank 
means Nordea Bank AB (publ) 
Sustainability Policy 
means Ellevio’s policy on health and safety, among other things, 
as further described on page 23 of this Prospectus. 
SVK or Svenska kraftnät 
means Svenska kraftnät, the sole TSO in Sweden.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
Swap Transaction 
means a swap transaction, or the relevant portion of a swap 
transaction, entered into pursuant to a Hedging Agreement. 
Swedish Consumer Price Index 
means the consumer price index (Sw. konsumentprisindex) as 
published by Statistics Sweden (Sw. Statistiska centralbyrån) 
from time to time. 
Swedish Krona or krona or SEK or Kr 
means the lawful currency, for the time being, of the Kingdom 
of Sweden. 
Swedish Krona Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any Swedish Krona Bond is due and payable. 
Swedish Security Agreements 
means  
(a) the Swedish law security agreement entered into between 
Ellevio and the Security Trustee relating to real property 
mortgage certificates issued in certain real properties 
owned by Ellevio; 
(b) the Swedish law security agreement entered into between 
Ellevio and the Security Trustee relating to business 
mortgage certificates issued by Ellevio; and 
(c) the Swedish law security agreement entered into between 
the Parent and the Security Trustee relating to all shares in 
Ellevio owned by the Parent, 
each entered into or prior to the Closing Date. 
Talon 
means the talons (if any) appertaining to, and exchangeable in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained for further 
Coupons appertaining to, the Bearer Definitive Bonds, such 
talons being in the form, or substantially in the form, set out in 
Part E (Form of Talon) of Schedule 2 (Form of Bonds, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons) to the Trust Deed or in such other form as 
may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche 
of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between Ellevio, the Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements for Talons 
issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Replacement of Bonds, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
Talonholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the Talons. 
TARGET Day 
means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
T2 
means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
Tax 
means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding 
of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
the same), and Taxes, taxation, taxable and comparable 
expressions will be construed accordingly. 
Temporary Bearer Global Bond 
means a temporary global bond comprising some or all of the 
Bearer Bonds of the same Series issued by the Issuer. 
Temporary Global Bond 
means a temporary global bond in the form, or substantially in 
the form, scheduled to the Trust Deed, together with the copy of 
the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto with such 
modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in 
which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold from 
time to time or as otherwise agreed between Ellevio, the Paying 
Agent, the Bond Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), comprising 
some or all of the Bearer Bonds of the same Tranche, issued by 
Ellevio pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between Ellevio and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Bond 
Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed. 
Third Energy Package 
means the EU legislation introduced in 2009 to improve the 
functioning of the internal energy market and resolve structural 
problems.  
Total Backward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) 
the Total Interest Cover Ratio for the Total Relevant 
Period not being less than 1.50:1; and 
(b) 
the Additional Total Leverage Ratio for the Total 
Relevant Period not being greater than 11.90:1. 
Total Consolidated EBITDA 
has the meaning given to “Consolidated EBITDA” except that 
paragraph (o) of the definition shall be replaced with “for the 
purposes of determining compliance with the Total Default 
Ratios only, adding costs of any expenditure arising out of or in 
relation to any Certified Storm Event, provided that such 
addition may only be exercised three times in any Regulatory 
Period”. 
Total Default Ratio 
means in respect of the Total Interest Cover Ratio, 1:1. 
Total Equity Cure Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 210 of this Prospectus. 
Total Equity Cure Right 
has the meaning given to it on page 210 of this Prospectus. 
Total Forward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) 
the Total Interest Cover Ratio for the Total Relevant 
Period not being less than 1.50:1; and 
(a) 
the Additional Total Leverage Ratio for the Total 
Relevant Period not being greater than 11.90:1. 
Total Funds from Operations 
means, in respect of any Total Relevant Period, (i) Total 
Consolidated EBITDA in (or projected to be in) that Total 
Relevant Period after deducting Total Net Finance Charges and 
tax for that Total Relevant Period, (ii) plus any Equity Cure 
Amount for that Total Relevant Period and the immediately 
preceding Total Relevant Period.

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
Total Interest Cover Ratio 
means the ratio of Total Funds from Operations (after adding 
Total Net Finance Charges) to Total Net Finance Charges in 
respect of any Total Relevant Period. 
Total Leverage Ratio 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of Total Net 
Debt to Consolidated EBITDA on the last day of the relevant 
period. 
Total Lock-Up Event 
means: 
(o) 
the Compliance Certificate delivered in respect of the 
most recent Calculation Date states that any of the Total 
Lock-Up Tests were not satisfied on that Calculation 
Date (in each case adjusted to reflect an assumption that 
any proposed Restricted Payments have been made); 
and/or 
(p) 
a Default has occurred and is continuing. 
Total Lock-Up Tests 
means the Total Forward Lock-Up Tests and the Total Backward 
Lock-Up Tests 
Total Net Debt 
means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of 
members of the Security Group for or in respect of Borrowings 
at that time, but: 
(a) excluding any such obligations to any other member of the 
Security Group; 
(b) excluding any such obligations in respect of any 
Subordinated Liabilities; 
(c) including, in the case of Finance Leases only, their 
capitalised value; and 
(d) deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash 
Equivalent Investments held by any member of the Security 
Group at that time. 
Total Net Finance Charges  
means, for any Total Relevant Period, the Finance Charges in 
respect of Class B Debt or any debt ranking pari passu with or in 
priority to Class B Debt for that Total Relevant Period after 
deducting any interest payable in that Total Relevant Period to 
any member of the Security Group on any Cash or Cash 
Equivalent Investment. 
Total Relevant Period 
means in respect of: 
(q) 
the New Financial Covenant, each Relevant Historic 
Period; 
(r) 
the Total Backward Lock-Up Tests, each Relevant 
Historic Period; and 
(s) 
the Total Forward Lock-Up Tests, each Relevant 
Projected Period.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
Trade Instrument 
means any performance bonds, advance payment bonds or 
documentary letters of credit issued in respect of the obligations 
of any member of the Security Group arising in the ordinary 
course of trading of that member of the Security Group. 
Tranche 
means (a) in respect of any Bonds, all Bonds which are identical 
in all respects (save for the Issue Date, Interest Commencement 
Date and Issue Price); and (b) in respect of any PP Notes, all PP 
Notes which are issued under the same PP Note Purchase 
Agreement. 
Transfer Agent(s) 
means, Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or any successor 
transfer agent appointed to the Bond Programme Documents) in 
relation to all or any Tranche of the Registered Bonds, the several 
institutions at their respective specified offices initially 
appointed as transfer agents in relation to such Bonds by Ellevio 
pursuant to the relative Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, 
any successor transfer agents at their respective specified offices 
in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds. 
Transparency Directive 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 15 December 2004, as amended, on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to 
information about issuers whose securities are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market which came into force on 20 
January. 
Treasury Transactions 
means any currency or interest rate purchase, cap or collar 
agreement, forward rate agreement, interest rate agreement, 
index-linked agreement, interest rate or currency or future or 
option contract, foreign exchange or currency purchase or sale 
agreement, interest rate swap, currency swap or combined 
similar agreement or any derivative transaction protecting 
against or benefiting from fluctuations in any rate or price or 
currency. 
Trigger Event(s) 
means any of the events or circumstances identified as such in 
the Common Terms Agreement. 
Trust Deed 
means the bond trust deed to be entered into between Ellevio and 
the Bond Trustee in respect of the Bonds. 
Trust Documents  
means the Trust Deed, the STID, the Security Documents and 
any deed or other document executed in accordance with the 
Trust Deed, the STID or the Security Documents and expressed 
to be supplemental to the Trust Deed and the STID or the 
Security Documents. 
TSO 
means the transmission system operator, which in Sweden is 
Svenska kraftnät. 
TWh 
means terawatt-hour. 
UK BMR 
has the meaning given to it on page 38 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
UK MiFIR 
means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
means the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
means the Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) as it forms 
part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act. 
UK MiFIR 
means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. 
Underhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 202 of this Prospectus. 
U.S. Dollar Bond 
means a U.S. Dollar denominated Bond issued pursuant to the 
Bond Programme, and “U.S. Dollar Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
U.S. Dollar Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of 
any U.S. Dollar Bond is due and payable. 
U.S. Dollars or dollars or USD or U.S.$ or 
$ 
means the lawful currency, for the time being, of the United 
States of America. 
Utilisation 
means a utilisation of a loan or Letter of Credit or, in the case of 
Bonds, Class A PP Notes and/or Class B PP Notes, issuance 
thereof, under an Authorised Credit Facility. 
Utilisation Date 
means the date of a Utilisation, being the date on which the 
relevant loan is to be made, Letter of Credit, Bonds, Class A PP 
Notes and/or Class B PP Notes issued. 
Utilisation Request 
means a notice substantially in the form set out in Part 1 
(Utilisation Requests) of Schedule 3 (Utilisation Requests) to the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Volcker Rule  
means section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, 
as described on page 6 of this Prospectus.  
Vote(s) 
means an instruction from a Bondholder to the Paying Agent or 
a tabulation agent to vote on its behalf as its proxy in respect of 
a Voting Matter, such instructions to be given in accordance with 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
Voted Qualifying Debt 
means the Qualifying Secured Debt which is actually voted in 
relation to a STID Matter. 
Voting Closure Date 
means:

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
(a) in relation to an Ordinary STID Resolution, the date on 
which the Security Trustee has received votes sufficient to 
pass such Ordinary STID Resolution pursuant to Clause 14 
(Ordinary Voting Matters) of the STID, respectively; and 
(b) in relation to an Extraordinary STID Resolution, the date 
on which the Security Trustee has received votes sufficient 
to pass such Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant to 
Clause 15 (Extraordinary Voting Matters) of the STID, 
respectively. 
Voting Date 
has the meaning given to it in Schedule 3 (Provisions for Voting) 
to the Trust Deed. 
Voting Matter 
means any matter which is required to be approved by the 
Secured Creditors including without limitation: 
(a) any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the 
Secured Creditors; 
(b) any direction to be given by the Secured Creditors to their 
Secured Creditor Representative (if any) to challenge the 
determination of the voting category made by the Security 
Group Agent, in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the 
Secured Creditors are Affected Secured Creditors) whether 
a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) any directions required or entitled to be given by Secured 
Creditors pursuant to the Finance Documents; and 
(d) any other matter which requires the approval of or consent 
of the Secured Creditors. 
Voting Period 
means the period ending on the Voting Date or, if earlier, the date 
of the Voting Notice issued by the Security Trustee in respect of 
such Voting Matter (if applicable). 
Voting Qualifying Debt 
means the Outstanding Principal Amount (in the case of Bonds, 
for the time being outstanding) actually voted thereon by the 
Qualifying Secured Creditors. 
WACC 
means weighted average cost of capital. 
Working Capital or WC Facility 
means a revolving working capital facility provided by the WC 
Facility Lenders and made available pursuant to the Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement or any other revolving 
working capital facility made available pursuant to an other 
Class A Permitted Additional Financial Indebtedness. 
WC Facility Lenders 
means the Original Initial ACF Lenders in their capacity as 
lenders under the WC Facility and any bank or financial 
institution which has become a party to the Initial Authorised 
Credit Facilities Agreement, accedes to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the STID in its capacity as a WC Facility Lender 
and provides a Borrower with any WC Facility. 
Yoda 
means the major storm in 2011.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Valhallavägen 203, 115 53 
Stockholm 
Sweden  
BOND TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Ellevio as to English Law 
To the Arranger, the Dealers, the Security Trustee  
and the Bond Trustee as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
To Ellevio as to Swedish Law 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB  
Box 1711 
SE-111 87  
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
PRIMARY ACCOUNT BANK 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
AUDITORS TO ELLEVIO 
Ernst & Young AB, 
Hamngatan 2426 
SE 10311 9947 Stockholm 
Sweden 
  
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands