--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 28 December 2023 
      
1 
 
€6,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €6,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), ELO ("ELO" or 
the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under this Programme will not at any time exceed €6,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency at the 
date of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Notes). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
This does not affect any Notes outstanding. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in Luxembourg, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer, in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières). Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market in the European Economic Area ("EEA") until 28 December 2024, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a 
material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or (ii) the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of 
regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (each, a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant final terms (the substantial form of 
which is contained in "Form of Final Terms") in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA.  
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer 
form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue") including Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue"), in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated 
in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of 
the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (au porteur) only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be 
subsequently exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or 
about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as 
defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream or (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through 
a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
ELO is rated BBB- with negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Standard & 
Poor's is a credit rating agency established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
See "Risk factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS
PERMANENT DEALERS
BNP PARIBAS
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB
DEUTSCHE BANK
HSBC
ING
LA BANQUE POSTALE
NATIXIS
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
SOCIETE GENERALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING
UNICREDIT
ELO

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto that may be published from time to time) constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference the necessary information with regard to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Notes, the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information 
which is incorporated herein by reference (see section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference"), (ii) any 
supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche not contained herein (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be 
determined at the time of the issue of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions and will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by ELO, the Arranger or any of 
the Dealers (each as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of ELO or those of the ELO Group (as defined below) since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of ELO or that of the ELO Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, the "ELO Group" means ELO and its consolidated subsidiaries and 
affiliates as a whole. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any offering materials under the Programme, and 
the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by ELO, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and 
to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) that are 
subject to U.S. federal income tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to the account or benefit of U.S. persons. The Notes are being offered and 
sold outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of ELO, the Arranger or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information or representations incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of ELO, the Arranger or the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of ELO or the ELO Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
NOTICE 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and

--- Page 3 ---
3 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.  
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its own financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact that any such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments under the Notes is different from that potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the financial markets 
and any relevant indices; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the risks of such 
investment; and 
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The tax legislation of the investors' Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for innovative financial notes such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask 
for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential 
investor. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
suspended, revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time without notice. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, where 
applicable, will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 3 August 2023 in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify 
as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, where 
applicable, will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market

--- Page 4 ---
4 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials") in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs Regulation - Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents 
for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS Regulation – Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important notice relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the 
case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the inflation indices and/or the figure at which such 
indices stand at any particular time. The inflation indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE 
or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Inflation Linked Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, 
as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, 
or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable 
under such Inflation Linked Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to 
the inflation indices. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Inflation Linked Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the inflation indices that is or may be material in the context 
of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such 
persons to disclose to the holders of such Inflation Linked Notes or any other party such information (whether or 
not confidential). 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Important notice relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The Issuer has requested Moody's Investors Services as provider (the "SPO Provider") to issue a second party 
opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") in relation to the Issuer's sustainable finance framework published on the 
Issuer's website (the "ELO Sustainable Finance Framework"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion 
on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of an investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer may also 
engage one or more external verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing 
an Assurance Report and an SPT Assurance Statement (each as defined in Condition 5(g)(iv)) (the "External 
Verifier"). Any Second Party Opinion, any Assurance Reports and any SPT Assurance Statement will be accessible 
through the Issuers website at: https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating/. However any information on, or accessible 
through, such website and the information in such Second Party Opinion or any past or future Assurance Reports 
or SPT Assurance Statements do not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus and should 
not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the SPO Provider or any External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Noteholders have no recourse 
against the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arranger or the Dealers for the contents of any such opinion, 
certification or verification. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is 
not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the sustainability-linked nature of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer have undertaken, 
nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of the Key Performance Indicator(s) or the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) selected by the Issuer or if such indicators are relevant for the Issuer's 
business nor if they are challenging enough for the Issuer and their impact, or for monitoring the Issuer's 
performance in connection with such Key Performance Indicator(s) or such Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
selected by the Issuer for any such Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Sustainability-
Linked Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability 
characteristics. In particular, there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "sustainability-linked" or an equivalently labelled financial instrument. 
Legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to 
evolve, and such legislation, taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the sustainability-linked 
objectives, may determine that the Sustainability-Linked Notes do not qualify under such legislation, taxonomy, 
standard or other investment criteria. 
 
Important notice relating to Green Notes or Social Notes  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework 
(as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds"), the Base Prospectus as supplemented and the Final Terms regarding 
the use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in Green Notes or Social Notes (each as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds"), as the case may be, 
in connection with Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects (as defined in the section "Use of 
Proceeds"), as applicable, together with any other investigation such prospective investor deems necessary. 
In relation to Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any 
representation as to the suitability of such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, including the listing

--- Page 6 ---
6 
or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social or sustainability criteria required 
by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for selecting investments in Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects, as applicable, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, meet such eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Notes or Social Notes, 
as the case may be, or the allocation of the proceeds (or an amount equal or equivalent thereto) by the Issuer to 
particular Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Prospective investors should refer 
to the Issuer's website, the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion (each as defined 
in section "Use of Proceeds") and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application 
of the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, for information. Any such ELO 
Sustainable Finance Framework and/or Second Party Opinion and/or public reporting will not form part of, nor 
be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any 
of the Dealers, the Arranger, or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the ELO Sustainable 
Finance Framework, or on any Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, issued in connection with Eligible 
Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Any such opinion or certification neither is, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be.  
In addition, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case 
may be, shall not depend on the performance of the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, nor on the achievement of any green, social or sustainable objectives.  
None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Green Notes or 
Social Notes, as the case may be, issued under the Programme.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 34 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 40 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ....... 84 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 85 
DESCRIPTION AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF ELO ....................................................................... 86 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................ 98 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................... 100 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 104 
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................................ 126 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........ 129

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), 
or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of this Base Prospectus shall 
have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
ELO 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
969500ASEC557H5A4F22 
Website: 
https://groupe-elo.com/finance/ 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., 
BNP Paribas,  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, 
La Banque Postale, 
Natixis, 
Société Générale, 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons referred to above as Dealers and to such additional persons that 
are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and, in each 
case, whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
"Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the 
Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €6,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date 
of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Notes) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme 
outstanding at any time. 
The Programme Limit may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the amended and restated 
dealer agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal, Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent:  
 
BNP Paribas 
Quotation Agent: 
Aether Financial Services

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
in "Risk Factors - Risks factors relating to the Issuer" in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out in "Risk Factors - Risks factors 
relating to the Notes" in this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Series and Tranches: 
The Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates, the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms 
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Notes may have any maturity from seven (7) days from the date of 
original issue as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
No money market instruments having a maturity at the date of issue of 
less than twelve (12) months will be offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Currencies: 
Euro, U.S. Dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and any other 
currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Commercial terms of the Notes 
(price, amount, interest rate, 
etc.): 
 
 
The commercial terms and conditions of the Notes of each Tranche of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 each (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
In addition, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have 
a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 each (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in 
registered form (au nominatif).  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (au porteur) only.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of Unsubordinated Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows, as set out in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, or 
(iii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, 
EURIBOR, €STR, CMS Rate, SONIA or TEC101),  
in each case as adjusted by any applicable margin and/or rate multiplier, 
if any, and calculated and payable as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a 
Minimum Rate of Interest or both, provided that: 
(i) if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero; and 
(ii) if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an Inflation Index Ratio derived from either: 
(i) CPI; or 
(ii) HICP. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Step-Up Option and Premium 
Payment for Sustainability-
Linked Notes: 
 
 
Step-Up Option 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes shall state whether the Rate of Interest will be subject to 
adjustments if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs (each as defined in 
Condition 5(g)). 
Premium Payment 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes shall state whether the payment of a Premium Payment Amount 
shall apply if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs (each as defined in 
Condition 5(g)).
Events of Default 
(including cross default): 
 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes; Subordinated Notes will be repayable in the event 
 
 
1 All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
of the liquidation of the Issuer only. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify the 
provisions applicable to the redemption of such Notes and whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholder or the Issuer. Unless permitted by the applicable laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes have a maturity 
of at least one year. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Option: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) at any time prior to their stated maturity, at their 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) at their Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), at any time as from 
the Call Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall be 
no earlier than six (6) months before the Maturity Date. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (in whole 
but not in part) at any time prior to their Maturity Date, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest), as long as the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes of the relevant Series is equal to 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes issued on the Issue Date of all Tranches of the 
relevant Series. 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole 
only) following the occurrence of an Acquisition Event. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders following a Put 
Change of Control Event:  
 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may, in the event of a Put Change of Control Event, 
be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders (either in whole or in part) 
at any time prior to their stated maturity, at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest. 
Redemption by instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two (2) or more instalments shall set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Taxation Redemption: 
The Notes may be subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer for 
taxation reasons. 
Taxation (withholding tax): 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (in 
respect of any Note), Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever 
levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions described in Condition 8. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Euroclear France, Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Settlement procedure of the 
Notes, including Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation 
Linked Notes) issued under the Programme will be paid in cash. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
 
Listing may be sought on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admission to trading may be sought on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated 
Market in the EEA as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may also be neither listed 
nor admitted to trading. 
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in Luxembourg, in any 
Member State of the EEA nor in the United Kingdom. 
Method of Publication of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
Final 
Terms: 
 
 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market will always be published on 
the websites of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and (b) the Issuer (https://groupe-elo.com/finance/). 
So long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, this 
Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus will be available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer for at 
least ten (10) years from the date of their publication in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation (https://groupe-elo.com/finance/). 
In addition, if the Notes are listed and admitted/or to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of 
publication are required and what they consist of. 
Rating: 
The Issuer is rated BBB- with negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's"). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Standard & Poor's is a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/riskcra-
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer. 
Use of Proceeds: 
As described in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds 
of the issue of the Notes are expected to be used by the Issuer either (i) 
for general corporate purposes or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole 
or in part, new or existing Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects, as stated in the relevant Final Terms and as set out in the Issuer's 
sustainable finance framework, as may be amended or supplemented 
from time to time (the "ELO Sustainable Finance Framework"). 
The ELO Sustainable Finance Framework received a second party 
opinion from Moody's Investors Service. 
The ELO Sustainable Finance Framework and the second party opinion 
are available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-
rating/). 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions in various 
jurisdictions, in particular, those of the United States of America, the 
United Kingdom and those of the EEA including France. 
Governing Law: 
French law.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS  
The following are risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer, the Group and/or the Notes and 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes and/or may alter its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes towards investors and of which prospective investors should be aware.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. 
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors in the Notes should consider carefully all of the 
information contained and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, including in particular the 
following risk factors detailed below which the Issuer believes represent the principal risks relating to the Issuer 
and the Notes. Prospective investors should make their own independent evaluations of all risk factors and should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to 
be incorporated by reference herein as further described in "Documents incorporated by reference" below).  
All of these factors are contingencies which are unpredictable and may or may not occur. Additional risks not 
included in the risk factors below, e.g. because they are now immaterial or not currently known by the Issuer, may 
result in material risks in the future. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the risks described may be combined and thus interrelated with one 
another. 
For the purpose of this section "Risk factors", the Group is defined as the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Terms defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning where 
used below. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Risks related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict 
As a consequence of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine which began at the end of February 2022 and the 
related geopolitical tensions, the Issuer has seen several direct and indirect impacts on its employees, stakeholders 
and business. Continuous risk identification, assessment and mitigation are being performed to guarantee the safety 
of the Issuer's teams in Ukraine and Russia as a priority, to ensure service continuity for the civilian population 
and the complete respect of the EU embargo terms for Russia. 
In Ukraine, the primary concern remains the safety of the employees of the Issuer who are located there. In 
continuous consultation with local management, the Group has taken several measures that include – but are not 
limited to – the set-up of active weekly check-ins, tailored financial support and a helpline and guidance for 
individual team members and their families. 
However, the main risk factors of the conflict are being assessed on a continuing basis and may result in a decrease 
of the turnover and margin and a disruption in the conduct of the Group's operations. 
Operating in Ukraine and Russia for more than 15 years, ELO is present in Russia and Ukraine mainly through its 
retail branch Auchan Retail. 
As of December 2022, Auchan Retail operated 230 stores in Russia and 44 stores in Ukraine, and e-commerce 
activities in both countries, which generated 12.8% of the Group's revenue. New Immo Holding S.A.'s exposure 
is more limited, with Russia and Ukraine combined representing 3.2% of New Immo Holding S.A.'s total net asset 
value and 5.2% of New Immo Holding S.A.'s net rental income. 
Auchan Retail provides the population services of a food discounter retailer through stores and e-commerce 
activities employing 5,000 employees in Ukraine and 29,000 employees in Russia. 
From the beginning of the war, ELO has stopped any investment in its local subsidiaries (Auchan Retail and New 
Immo Holding) which operate in maximum autonomy. 
Uncertainty about the consequences of the situation in Ukraine makes it difficult to predict the impact on the global 
economy and the Group, even if the situation to date does not call into question the sound financial situation of 
ELO. 
Several scenarios remain conceivable for the Group. Without claiming to be exhaustive, this conflict is an 
aggravating factor for the following risks: the safety of employees and customers, the financial and operational 
impacts resulting from sanctions, counter-sanctions and regulatory changes, the cybersecurity increased threats on 
the Issuer's assets, a risk on the physical assets locally, the potential unavailability or loss of critical suppliers, the 
rising inflation rates and fluctuations in exchange rates.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The Russian-Ukrainian conflict is accentuating disruptions in global supply chains, particularly in Europe where, 
for example, natural gas prices and agricultural products have risen sharply and remain highly volatile.  
Such tensions in energy and commodity markets, especially agricultural products, are leading to higher inflation 
on a global scale and could affect the profitability of the Issuer. The ability to pass on cost increases to sales prices 
will depend on the economic situation and the competitive environment. 
If inflation is not sufficiently offset by wage increases or government support measures, consumers' purchasing 
power may be eroded. Any such loss of purchasing power generally affects discretionary purchases such as 
vacations, culture and eating out, whereas the Issuer's retail business is mainly positioned to meet every day needs 
like food, clothing, cleaning and healthcare products.  
* * * 
Strategic risks 
Severity 
Risk relating to definition of the strategy, adjustment and implementation 
High 
Inflation 
High 
Macroeconomic and industry risks 
High 
Risk relating to the regulatory environment 
Medium 
CSR risk (including environmental risk) 
Medium 
Operational risks 
Severity 
Risk relating to the relevance and performance of economic and business models 
High 
Risk relating to continuity, integrity and confidentiality of information systems 
High 
Risk relating to Human Resources management 
High 
Risk relating to the level of consumer traffic in property branch' shopping centers relies on the 
presence and appeal of the Group's hypermarkets
 High 
Risks relating to renovation, restructuring and expansion projects relating to the Issuer's assets 
High

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Risk relating to the business continuity 
Medium 
Risk relating to data management 
Medium 
Risk relating to terrorist attacks and similar events 
Medium 
Risk relating to safety of persons and property 
Medium 
Risk relating to quality, compliance and product safety 
Medium 
Compliance risks 
Severity 
Risk relating to compliance of practices and processes 
High 
Risk relating to corruption and unethical business practices 
High 
Financial risks 
Severity 
Interest rate risk 
High 
Liquidity risk 
Medium 
Foreign exchange risk 
Medium 
Risk relating to the ability to continue to lease space in the Issuer's assets on economically 
favorable terms 
Medium 
Customer Credit Risk 
Medium

--- Page 17 ---
17 
(a)      
Strategic risks 
Risk relating to definition of the strategy, adjustment and implementation 
In an uncertain and complex political, economic, social and competitive environment, ineffective or inappropriate 
design, communication or execution of the vision and strategy of the Issuer's retail branch (through Auchan Retail), 
as well as difficulties in managing transformation projects or changes, could harm the reputation and the financial 
and operational performance of the Issuer. 
In addition, the situation in Ukraine mentioned above in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the Russian-
Ukrainian conflict" and the international sanctions put in place create an environment that may increase the 
Group's reputational risk. 
The Issuer's new corporate project aims, in all countries, at carrying out a thorough transformation of the offer and 
the historical model of the Issuer's retail branch in order to more fully address markets' demands and new business 
challenges. The Issuer's new corporate project is therefore an ambitious project carried out with a strong 
commitment to quality of execution. In this respect, each member of the Group (regardless of the countries in 
which they operate) takes ownership of the project and ensures its perfect execution in its local context. 
Excluding the possible impact of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, the success of the Issuer's new corporate project 
relies on the commitment of all the employees and their understanding of the objectives, while the failure to 
implement such project may result in the financial and operational objectives of the Issuer not being met.  
Inflation risk 
The current geopolitical situation combined with environmental issues impacting the harvest lead to a strong 
inflation. This inflation highly impacts the customers' budget as well as the operating costs which could affect 
Issuer's turnover and operating result. 
Actions, such as new negotiation or range review, have been engaged to reduce the impacts of this inflation. Still, 
a failure to mitigate this may result in the financial and operational objectives of the Issuer not being met. 
Macroeconomic and industry risks 
The Issuer is exposed to risks relating to an adverse change in macro-economic factors which may have an adverse 
effect on its business. 
Current activities, business development activities and asset valuations could be significantly affected by a 
changing political environment or by unfavorable changes in the principal macroeconomic factors in the countries 
where it operates, such as (most importantly) growth (or contraction) in gross domestic product, employment 
trends, inflation, purchasing power and consumer spending, decreases in indices used as the basis for rent 
adjustments, as illustrated above in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict" above. 
Recessionary and low growth conditions in the Issuer's main markets could adversely affect it. 
Regarding the Issuer's property branch, a fall in market rents in France would result in a fall in the rental income 
in the medium-term. Shopping centers are also operated in other countries (including Spain and Italy). These 
countries may have different risk profiles from those of the French market, in particular in terms of their respective 
economic conditions and regulatory frameworks. Sub-optimal management of these risks could have an adverse 
impact on the activities and financial situation of the Issuer. 
In addition, changes in consumer shopping patterns and preferences, including as a result of the growth of e-
commerce, may lead to a decline in consumer consumption at the Issuer's properties. This risk is high as a 
significant portion of the Issuer's revenues depend on in-store traffic, and especially hypermarkets, and rental 
income from tenants whose ability to pay rent depends on their ability to generate and maintain in-store retail sales. 
Risk relating to the regulatory environment 
As an important economic player in many countries, the Issuer is exposed to complex and changing regulations. 
Governmental policies may in particular impact tax rates and consumer protection laws applicable to the Group. 
This risk is aggravated by the current global economy (inflation and long-term impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic). 
A few governments have already taken measures which may have impacts on the Issuer's profitability. 
CSR risk (including environmental risk) 
Beyond compliance with laws and regulations, expectations regarding Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") 
issues are considered with greater concern by the Issuer. The Issuer engages significant efforts to be a recognized 
actor for its CSR' actions as an inability to meet these expectations through tangible commitments and actions 
could have an impact on its reputation.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Regarding CSR, the retail branch could face violation of its ethical commercial code by its providers and 
subcontractors, which could expose the Issuer to a reputational risk and a potential loss of clients. 
In addition, as a producer, the retail branch of the Issuer needs to ensure the traceability of the raw material used 
by the factory. Any breach in this traceability could lead to a reputational risk and quality issues leading to financial 
impacts. 
Furthermore, the business project promoting local product range increases the complexity to ensure the uniformity 
in CSR stakes. This could lead to reputational risk and potential fines. 
Finally, in order to address its carbon footprint and its environmental impact, the Issuer has defined a strong 
"climate strategy" aiming to reduce those impact and footprint. However, delay in the execution or inadequate 
action implementation could lead to unaddressed environmental risks. 
(b)       Operational risks 
Risk relating to the relevance and performance of economic and business models 
The economic and commercial model of retailing distribution is particularly hectic in an extremely competitive 
environment. Changing consumption patterns and distribution channels as well as food transition are forcing 
market players, such as the Issuer, to reinvent themselves. 
On the Issuer's retail branch, the Issuer's new corporate project is a long-term business project to adapt its model, 
its offer and its organization to the consumers' and citizens' new expectations. It consists in becoming a designer-
selector of a unique, fair and responsible offer on the one hand, and on the other hand, in being a creator of 
connections and experiences by making its physical locations into local platforms connected to their living area. 
Nevertheless, the actions undertaken may not provide the expected result in due time which may impact the Issuer's 
EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) levels. 
Risk relating to continuity, integrity and confidentiality of information systems 
Information systems are predominant in the management and control of the Issuer's activities. Despite security 
strategies set-up, any failure affecting their operation, reliability or confidentiality may have an impact on the 
achievement of the Issuer's commercial and financial objectives. The seniority and complexity of the systems 
increase these risks.  
The Issuer's information systems may also be the target of external attacks or malicious acts of any kind, which 
could have consequences. The situation stemming from the conflict in Ukraine mentioned above in the risk factor 
entitled "Risks related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict" increases the risk of cyber-attacks for the Group and its 
external partners. The Issuer could be held liable if measures in place to prevent such attacks are judged to be 
inadequate. 
A malicious attack may have a negative impact on the Issuer's operational activity and business and could cause 
business interruptions. 
Risk relating to Human Resources management 
With more than 163,000 employees worldwide, the Group is particularly exposed to the risks associated with its 
human resources management. Indeed, the Group operates in areas where the labor market is highly competitive 
and where attracting, developing and retaining talents is difficult. Moreover, the motivation and commitment of 
its teams are two of the Group's major assets and must be maintained over the long term. Failures in human 
resources management may have consequences on the achievement of the Group's commercial and financial 
objectives. 
Moreover, regarding its property activity, management team has significant experience and its success depends in 
part on the contributions of this team. The loss of any management member in this activity could adversely impact 
its ability to develop and implement an effective business plan, and the property branch might be unable to find 
suitable replacements. The loss of property's key employees could also lead to losses of technical or specific skills, 
which could slow or alter certain businesses or projects. In this context, the Group would have to recruit new 
qualified employees to develop its businesses and, if necessary, train them to familiarize them with its specific 
issues and constraints. Any inability by the property branch of the Group to retain highly qualified personnel or to 
attract new employees and to train them could reduce the effectiveness of its organization and its ability to execute 
its strategy.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Risk relating to the level of consumer traffic in property branch' shopping centers relies on the presence and appeal 
of the Group's hypermarkets 
The property branch of the Issuer (through New Immo Holding (formerly Ceetrus)) benefits from the presence, 
and therefore image and reputation, of the Group's hypermarkets for a large majority of the shopping centers it 
operates. The presence of these hypermarkets under the Issuer's brand is a major factor in the attractiveness of the 
adjoining shopping centers and contributes significantly to visitor traffic, which benefits all of the property branch' 
tenant retailers. 
A loss of brand strength on the property branch of the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on (i) footfall at 
the shopping centers, (ii) the business of its tenant retailers, (iii) the total rental income from certain shopping 
centers and (iv) therefore, the financial condition of the property branch of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to renovation, restructuring and expansion projects relating to the Issuer's assets 
In connection with its strategy to renovate and develop its property portfolio, the Issuer conducts renovation, 
restructuring and expansion projects at its shopping centers. These projects are subject to a number of risks, 
including the following: 
- 
the administrative authorizations requested by the Issuer or its partners that are required for renovations and 
expansions may be delayed or refused altogether; 
- 
the Issuer may not be able to finance its projects on terms which are satisfactory; 
- 
property's projects could require third-party consents, such as from other property owners, anchor retailers, 
creditors or development partners, and these consents might not be granted; 
- 
rental income may be lower than initially budgeted or expected. Pre-let leases signed with retail brands might 
not be honoured on their initial terms and the Issuer could encounter difficulties in letting space which has 
not been leased in the pre-letting phase; and 
- 
the cost of renovating the assets could be higher than initial valuations. Renovation phases might be longer 
than estimated and technical difficulties or execution delays could occur due to the complexity of certain 
projects. 
The occurrence of any of the above risks may lead to delays or cancellations of projects and investments or to their 
completion at a higher cost than initially budgeted, which may impact the Issuer's business and financial condition. 
Risk relating to the business continuity 
The Issuer's activities are exposed to business interruption which may occurred in following a large variety of 
situations depending or not on the Issuer's will (strikes, pandemic, military conflicts, logistic breach…). These 
situations could be spot (short strikes) or extended through time (Covid pandemic). 
The international tensions linked to the situation in Ukraine mentioned above in the risk factor entitled "Risks 
related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict" and the sanctions that have been put in place and those that may be put 
in place in the future could also lead to operational difficulties within the Group's activities.  
The Issuer develops several processes and procedures to cover these interruptions and develops some alternatives. 
However, in case of these contingency plans' failure, it may impact the Issuer's capacity to perform its activity and 
therefore it would have negative impacts on the turnover and would affect its performance. 
Risk relating to data management 
In the current economic environment, data availability, reliability and usage are key to monitor, identify and steer 
business activities and as a consequence succeed. As a retailer, the Issuer is surrounded with data and developed a 
strategy and some processes to address them in order to have data available as a competitive advantage. 
However, a poor execution of such processes or incapacity to exploit the data may expose the Issuer to a poor 
competitive performance and therefore have a negative impact on the business and results. 
Risk relating to terrorist attacks and similar events 
Terrorist attacks, strikes, military conflicts, health crises and related preventive measures may target the Issuer' 
shopping centers which could result in a decrease in visitor traffic, increased security costs or even the closure of 
shopping centers. More generally, terrorist attacks and similar events may create economic and political 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict and that could have a negative impact on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Issuer. The shopping centers could also be affected by natural disasters such as 
floods and fires, which could render sites inaccessible or in need of significant reconstruction. Such events,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
especially if insurance policies do not cover all the related damage, could have a material adverse effect on the 
property business, financial condition and results of operation of the Issuer. 
Risk relating to safety of persons and property 
The Issuer's activities are subject to regulations on the authorization of commercial operations. Those regulations 
may vary significantly, depending on the political environment and the general orientation of local, regional and 
national policies. On some of these projects, the Issuer is exposed to regulatory factors over which political 
authorities have a significant influence. In addition to administrative sanctions for failing to comply with these 
requirements fines and criminal sanctions may also be imposed, depending on the jurisdiction. 
For example, properties which are open to the public, such as shopping centers, are subject to regulations 
applicable to establishments servicing the public (ERP rules). The authorities will only authorize sites to open if 
they have been certified as being safe by the relevant safety commission. 
Any regulatory change concerning planning or safety requirements for establishments open to the public which 
increases the restrictions or constraints on for example, shopping center development could limit the Issuer's 
growth in opportunities and outlook. Conversely, any easing of commercial zoning regulations could decrease the 
value of the Issuer's real estate assets. 
The Issuer, its subsidiaries, its suppliers and its subcontractors are also bound to comply with various regulations 
concerning planning and safety requirements which, if modified, could have significant financial 
consequences. Tougher building codes, safety regulations, or criteria for obtaining planning permissions, building 
permits and commercial licenses could also have a negative impact on the property branch's margins and operating 
profit by raising operating expenses and maintenance and improvement costs. 
As mentioned above in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict", with 6,000 
employees in Ukraine, risk of endangerment of occupational safety or health of the Group's employees has 
increased. 
Risk relating to quality, compliance and product safety 
The retail activity is exposed to risks related to the quality of its products and hygiene in its stores and more 
generally on all the Group's sites. The extremely high number of products and their nature (fresh or frozen products 
for example) sold into the stores increase the exposition of the Issuer to the quality risk. The Issuer is exposed to 
the different levels of maturity of providers on each domestic market toward this matter and to the urge to ensure 
an homogeneous level of demand.  
Moreover, quality issues could happen at any moment of the chain, from the provider to the client. 
Therefore, despite strong care of the Issuer in this respect, any negative event could have significant impacts on 
the Issuer's reputation and consequently a sales decrease and a product recall with effects on its financial 
performance.        
(c)       Compliance risks 
Risk relating to compliance of practices and processes 
The Issuer evolves in a context of increasing standards and regulations (fight against corruption, GDPR, duty of 
vigilance, antitrust, export control...) and is exposed to an increasing number of significant risks of non-compliance 
which can affect the image or the operational and financial performances of the Issuer. Failure to comply with 
laws, rules and regulations or standards to which the Issuer is subject in the different countries where it operates 
may result in significant costs due to fines or mandatory compliance programs. 
The geopolitical tensions generated by the conflict in Ukraine mentioned above in the risk factor entitled "Risks 
related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict", and in particular the various sets of sanctions and countersanctions and 
regulatory changes, could increase the legal risk.  
Regarding its property branch, the Issuer is subject to regulations on commercial leases in conducting its business. 
In France, contractual provisions on the length of the lease, termination, invalidity, renewal and rent indexation 
may qualify as public policy (ordre public) provisions. Those provisions may limit the conditions under which 
property owners may increase rent to align it with market rates or to maximize rental income, which may impact 
the Issuer's income. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is subject to a broad array of stringent regulations, particularly in the field of environmental 
laws. For instance, under certain environmental laws, current or former owners or operators of property may 
become liable for costs and damages resulting from soil or water contaminated by hazardous substances (for 
example, as a result of leaking underground storage tanks).

--- Page 21 ---
21 
In spite of the Issuer strong commitment to conduct its activities within an ethical framework and in compliance 
with applicable laws, standards and regulations, any regulatory issues and changes in laws could adversely affect 
the Issuer's income or impose critical costs or liabilities on it. 
Risk relating to corruption and unethical business practices 
Some of the countries (e.g. Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Senegal…) in which the Issuer operates are ranked as 
having high levels of corruption. The real estate industry is particularly susceptible to a range of corrupt practices 
as it requires government approvals and necessitates large investments. 
In France, Law no. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 relating to transparency, fighting corruption and 
modernizing economic life (known as the "Sapin II Law") requires companies such as the Issuer to take measures 
to prevent and identify acts of corruption or insider dealing, which is enforced by the French Anti-Corruption 
Agency under the Sapin II Law and may also result in administrative or criminal penalties.  
However, any actual or perceived corruption or unethical business practices may damage the perception of the 
Issuer and result in financial penalties. They may significantly impact the Issuer's reputation, business and financial 
condition. 
(d)  
Financial risks 
Interest rate risk 
A part of the financial debt is issued with a floating rate or a fixed rate. The sole purpose of using interest rate 
derivatives is to reduce the exposure of the Group to changes in interest rates on its debt. The intervention on the 
derivative markets is carried out only with a strict hedging objective. Thus, interest-rate transactions qualified as 
fair value hedging correspond to fixed/floating rate transactions concerning bond debt. Macro-hedging transactions 
are aimed at protecting earnings against a possible rise in interest rates over the short-term. 
They consist either of swaps where the Issuer pays fixed rates and receives floating rates, or of caps or swaps. 
These transactions are recorded as either for trading or as cash-flow hedging. Interest rate transactions qualified 
as cash flow hedging concern caps, as well as swaps with a fixed rate payment and a variable rate earning. The 
purpose of these hedges is to fix the interest rate on a portion of the floating-rate debt, taken out to finance assets, 
and thus securing future "financial" income. 
However, a poor management of the interest rate risk could have an impact on the achievement of the Issuer's 
objectives. 
Liquidity risk  
In its activities, the Issuer, through Auchan Retail, is exposed to liquidity risk that could prevent it from conducting 
its business and thus reduce its financial performance. 
The policy of the Group is to maintain at all times adequate medium and long-term financing to cover its needs at 
the bottom of the seasonal cycle and to ensure a safety margin. The Group adopts a refinancing policy aimed at 
diversifying its sources of financing (bond issues, bank loans, etc.) and its counterparties to ensure an adequate 
distribution of financing. 
In terms of off-balance sheet commitments, the amount of the unused credit lines within the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries has decreased by €56 million between 1st January 2023 and 30 June 2023. These are mainly 
unconfirmed lines and overdrafts on subsidiaries. However, the outstanding amount of undrawn lines remained at 
a high level at €2.37 billion. In view of the existing financing, undrawn lines and available cash, the Issuer believes 
that all of the projected cash flows from the business are largely sufficient to cover future debt maturities and 
dividends. 
The Issuer's ability to raise new debt, refinance its existing indebtedness or, more generally, raise funds on the 
financial markets, will depend on numerous factors, including its rating by rating agencies and financial covenants. 
The inflation and interest rate increase, which are linked, could increase the risk of external rating downgrades 
(due notably to its exposure on Russia). 
Any restriction to access new financing could have a negative impact on investments, organizational changes and 
strategic development and so not meeting its operational and financial objectives. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk on the purchase of goods (transactional exchange rate), internal 
and external financing denominated in a currency other than the euro (balance sheet exchange rate) and the value 
of the net assets of the subsidiaries of the Issuer in foreign currencies (net investment hedging). As at

--- Page 22 ---
22 
31 December 2022, the currencies used for these transactions were mainly the US dollar, the zloty, the forint and 
the lei. 
Foreign exchange transactions designated as cash flow hedges correspond to currency swaps and forward currency 
purchases/sales. These transactions hedge forecast flows of purchases of goods or rents to be denominated in 
foreign currencies. Balance sheet foreign exchange transactions concern loan hedging. 
However, a poor management of the exchange rate risk could have an impact mainly on the cost of sales and 
should impact the margin of the Issuer on the achievement of its objectives. 
Risk relating to the ability to continue to lease space in the Issuer's assets on economically favorable terms 
The performance of the Issuer's property branch, through New Immo Holding, depends on its ability to lease space 
in its assets on economically favorable terms. As a majority of all of its earnings, excluding property valuations, 
are derived from rental income, this branch results of operations may be adversely affected if a significant number 
of tenants or anchor tenants were unable to meet their obligations. If the retail sales of stores operating in its 
shopping centers decline significantly due to economic conditions, tenants might be unable to pay their existing 
minimum rents or common area maintenance charges (since these fixed rents and charges would represent a high 
percentage of their sales) impacting New Immo Holding's operating result. 
Customer credit risk 
The Issuer's credit risk, which is related to the activities of Oney Bank (i.e. banking division of the Group), mainly 
relates to consumer loans (personal loans, revolving loans, etc.) granted to individuals. The risk is spread over a 
large number of customers with limited individual commitment. For off-balance sheet commitments, the Group's 
policy is to grant financial guarantees only to subsidiaries and certain partner companies.  
The credit risk is managed and monitored by the risk departments of the Issuer's consumer credit branch as well 
as the risk department and internal audit department of this branch, through risk committees. Credit risk in every 
entity of the consumer credit branch is monitored by Oney Bank's risk department. The risk committees are 
responsible for managing credit risks and overseeing projects that have an impact on these risks. They validate the 
strategy, the methodologies put in place and above all the performance achieved when it comes to risk 
management. 
Credit decision systems are based on a statistical approach, supported by an examination of each loan application. 
They are adapted to the different types of product and customer. 
They include: credit scoring, clearly-stated rules for declining applications, a system of delegation and authority, 
rules governing the supporting documentation to be provided and anti-fraud controls. 
Adhering to credit decisions based on these aforementioned scores and rules, which are very seldom waived, 
ensures tight control over credit risk. Exceptions and the persons qualified to make exceptions are defined by 
procedures and are checked retrospectively; these exceptions are designed to ensure personalised management of 
loan approvals for larger amounts or intended for targeted customer bases. 
However, a poor management of the credit risk and granting procedures would have an impact on the Issuer's 
performance and objectives. 
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
(a)  
Early Redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or 
residence for tax purposes) of the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at

--- Page 23 ---
23 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. Any optional redemption feature (as provided in 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options), in Condition 6(d) (Make-
Whole Redemption Option), in Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option), in Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Call 
Option) or in Condition 6(g) (Acquisition Event Call Option)) where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the 
Notes early is likely to limit the market value of such Notes. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has 
elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. 
In the event of partial redemption effected by redeeming in full some only of the Notes of any Tranche, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes which are not redeemed may become illiquid. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity by the Noteholders following a Put Change of Control Event 
In the event of a Put Change of Control Event (as more fully described in Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the option 
of the Noteholders following a Put Change of Control Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and if such 
option is set applicable in the relevant Final Terms), each Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to 
redeem all or part of its Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest. Investors 
shall be aware that the exercise of the Put Change of Control Option is dependent on the credit rating assigned to 
the Issuer following the occurrence of a Change of Control and that even if a withdrawal, downgrade or reduction 
of such credit rating occurs in respect of such Change of Control, such Put Change of Control Option could not be 
exercised if, within the Put Change of Control Period, the credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer is 
reinstated or upgraded. 
In the event of such Put Change of Control Event, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which 
such redemption right is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, Noteholders having exercised their Put 
Change of Control Option may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. 
(b)  
Risks related to the status of the Subordinated Notes 
In the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, holders of Subordinated Notes would receive payments 
on any outstanding Subordinated Notes only after senior Noteholders and other senior creditors have been repaid 
in full, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those payments. Thus, holders of Subordinated Notes 
generally face a higher performance risk than holders of senior Notes. 
(c)  
Interest Rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to 
Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
price of the Fixed Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the 
Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the market 
interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the 
yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. 
Movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Note and can lead to losses 
if they sell Notes during the period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of such Note. Any future 
market volatility in interest rates may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that 
pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which 
itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate 
Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant

--- Page 24 ---
24 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. Any future market volatility in interest rates may have a significant adverse effect on the 
yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
Furthermore, if no positive Minimum Rate of Interest is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest may become negative. In such case, if Adjusted Interest Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)) 
is specified to be "Applicable" in the Final Terms, future Rates of Interest might be adjusted downward and, 
therefore, whilst the Noteholders will never be obliged to pay any Interest Amount to the Issuer, Noteholders may 
receive an Interest Amount lower than the one that they would have received if Adjusted Interest Rate was specified 
to be "Not Applicable" in the Final Terms. 
Reform and regulation of Benchmarks 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 5(e) 
(Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be Benchmarks (namely, EURIBOR, €STR, CMS, SONIA or 
TEC10 or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms) are the subject of recent international, 
national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently from the past 
or disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on 
any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes traded on a trading venue or via a systematic internaliser linked to or referencing a Benchmark. Notably, the 
methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing 
the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or regulatory reforms, or any enhanced regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, such as Benchmarks, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of 
implementation of such changes, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect on certain benchmarks, such as Benchmarks of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the Benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in the 
Benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a Benchmark. 
If a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Notes (it being specified that in case of discontinuation of the Relevant Rate or 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, a specific fallback shall apply - please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The discontinuance of the relevant rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmarks" 
below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the 
relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Conditions, such fallbacks may 
(i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based 
on the rate which applied in the previous period when the Benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain Benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain Benchmarks 
on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments which (i) reference a benchmark that is in cessation or is being wound down, (ii) are subject to the law 
of a Member State of the EEA (except for contracts, the parties to which are all established in the Union, that

--- Page 25 ---
25 
reference a benchmark and that are subject to the law of a third country where that law does not provide for the 
orderly wind-down of a benchmark), (iii) were entered into before the relevant date of replacement, (iv) contain 
no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and (v) have not been renegotiated before the date of 
cessation of the benchmark concerned. Such replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such Benchmark and may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable Benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country Benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments 
may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation 
of delegated regulations. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing €STR and SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. These new overnight risk-free rates are still however 
in very early stages of development and they may not be widely adopted by market users. 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may provide that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as the Euro short 
term rate ("€STR") or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (the "SONIA"). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR and SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes that reference an €STR rate or a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
the manner of adoption or application of €STR and SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR and SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  
The continued development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. The return on and value of €STR-linked or SONIA-linked 
Notes may fluctuate more than Notes that are linked to or referencing less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-free 
rates are relatively new market indexes, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued, and 
an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in the Notes may not be able 
to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes that reference an €STR rate or a SONIA rate is 
only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
an €STR rate or a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Furthermore, if Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR and SONIA become due 
and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing an €STR 
rate or a SONIA rate. 
The discontinuance of the relevant rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmarks  
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes is to be determined and, if 
the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described in Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(D) (except for €STR and SONIA)) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the relevant Notes will be changed

--- Page 26 ---
26 
in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained.  
Pursuant to the Conditions for which Screen Rate Determination is specified, fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as 
defined in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(D)), and may include concomitant changes to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
necessary to make the Replacement Relevant Rate (as defined in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(D)) as comparable as possible 
to the previous Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent. 
Given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and the involvement of a Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Replacement Relevant Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Benchmark.  
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Relevant Rate for 
any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then the provisions for the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will not 
be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a 
rising interest rate environment, holders of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will, consequently, 
not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any Relevant Rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholders, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each 
Noteholder. 
The Calculation Agent will or could have authority to make determinations and elections that could affect the 
return on, value of and market for the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, 
Notes linked to or referencing €STR or SONIA 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations, decisions 
and elections with respect to the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and, in 
particular, on Notes linked to or referencing €STR or SONIA. The Calculation Agent will make any such 
determination, decision or election in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and any such determination, decision or election that the Calculation Agent makes could affect the amount 
of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, on Notes linked to 
or referencing €STR or SONIA. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent, under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, including, without limitation, any discretion exercised by such Calculation Agent, could 
present a conflict of interest. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Inverse Floating Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes with an interest rate equal to a fixed 
rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference 
rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(e) (Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes with a fixed rate of 
interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear 
interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of 
the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Any future 
market volatility in interest rates volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Therefore, investors could receive a lower return on the Notes and, as a result, lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes with 
principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in France or in the European Monetary Union 
("Inflation Linked Notes"), where interest amounts and/or principal are dependent upon the performance of an 
Inflation Index (as defined below), which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in France or the relevant substitute index (the "CPI"), as calculated and published monthly by the 
Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer 
prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") (each an "Inflation Index" and 
together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant Inflation Index calculated at any time prior to the 
maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of 
purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation 
Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if, at maturity, the level of the relevant 
Inflation Index Ratio is less than 1.00, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Holders of Inflation Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may 
adversely affect the value of such Notes and as a result, investors could lose part of their investment. 
Inflation Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or interest 
payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance of one 
or more inflation indices, which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, time 
value, political and/or other risks. 
Each holder of Notes linked to an Inflation Index may receive a Redemption Amount in respect of any Inflation 
Linked Notes, which will be determined on the basis of a formulae and by reference to a Inflation Index Ratio. If 
the calculated Redemption Amount is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. An investment in Inflation 
Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks which include, among other things, the possibility that: 
- 
such Inflation Indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition of any such 
Inflation Index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Inflation Indices; 
- 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt security 
issued by the Issuer at the same time; and/or 
- 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to Inflation Linked 
Notes.  
In addition, the value of Inflation Linked Notes on the secondary market is subject to greater levels of risk than 
the value of other Notes and the market price of such Notes may be very volatile. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values 
may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features, and such volatility may have 
an adverse effect on the market value of the Inflation Linked Notes. The secondary market, if any, for Inflation 
Linked Notes will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the 
value of the applicable Inflation Index, including the volatility of the applicable Inflation Index, the time remaining 
to the maturity of such Inflation Linked Notes, the amount outstanding of such Inflation Linked Notes and market 
interest rates. The value of the applicable Inflation Index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events, over which the Issuer has no control. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes 
because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon 
Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and 
Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Zero Coupon Notes. Therefore, in similar 
market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than 
the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any future market volatility in 
interest rates may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Any future market volatility in interest rates may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed 
to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities and could lose part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
(d) 
Risks relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
As provided in Condition 5(g), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be 
issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with a Margin Adjustment and/or a Premium Payment which will be 
triggered if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs. A Sustainability Trigger Event may occur (i) if the Issuer fails 
to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) if the Issuer 
fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Reporting, the Assurance Report or the SPT Assurance Statement, in 
accordance with Condition 5(g)(iv). 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, the Sustainability-Linked Notes are not 
being marketed as "green notes", "social notes" or "sustainable notes" as the relevant net proceeds of the issue of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer does not commit to (i) allocate the relevant net proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or 
requirements that may be associated with green notes, social notes or sustainability notes in any particular market, 
except as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts resulting from the Issuer's efforts to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target or from the use 
of the net proceeds from the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Such features may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders 
could be adversely affected. 
In addition, the applicable Margin Adjustment and/or applicable Premium Payment Amount in respect of the 
above-mentioned Sustainability-Linked Notes when the Step-Up Option and/or Premium Payment is selected in 
the Final Terms, as contemplated by Condition 5(g), will depend on the Issuer achieving, or not achieving, the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Series of Sustainability-
Linked Notes which may be inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor requirements or expectations. The 
Issuer's Sustainability Performance Targets are aimed at reducing GHG emissions, as further described in ELO 
Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer's Sustainability Performance Target(s) are therefore uniquely tailored 
to the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities, and do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against 
similar sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. Therefore, such features 
may have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the market price of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
When the Step-Up Option or, as the case may be, the Premium Payment, is selected in the Final Terms in relation 
to any Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) are not met, although it 
will give rise to the application of a Margin Adjustment and/or the payment of a Premium Payment Amount in 
accordance with Condition 5(g), it will not be an Event of Default under the Sustainability-Linked Notes nor a 
breach of the Issuer's obligations under the Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Issuer will not be required to 
repurchase or redeem any Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstances.  
Certain investors may have portfolio mandates or may wish to dispose of their Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")-
related securities or other equivalently-labelled indices upon the occurrence of an interest step-up or upon the 
failure to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target(s), even if the resulting interest step-up has the effect of 
increasing the yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes which may have material consequences for the 
future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the failure of the Issuer to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target(s) could also harm the Issuer's 
reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, its business 
prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately its ability to fulfil its payments 
obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to the substitution of KPI 2 and related SPT 2 
As provided for under Condition 5(g)(vi), the Issuer will, in good faith, update the baseline(s) for KPI 2 and the 
existing KPI 2 will be replaced by a New KPI 2a and a New KPI 2b and the existing SPT 2 will be substituted by 
a New SPT 2a and a New SPT 2b (the "Substitution"), without any requirement for consent or approval of the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. The Sustainability Performance Targets is an important factor for 
ascertaining whether or not a Sustainability Trigger Event shall occur or is occurring in respect of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. The occurrence of such Substitution and the consequential change of any 
Sustainability Performance Targets may impact the payment to the Noteholders of the applicable Premium 
Payment Amount and/or the application of the applicable Margin Adjustment and/or the amount paid. Therefore, 
such changes may have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes. 
Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation 
The Key Performance Indicators underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Issuer are calculated in 
accordance with standards and guidelines mentioned and defined in the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework, in 
particular the guidelines of the GHG Protocol Standard. 
These standards and guidelines mentioned above may change over time and the Issuer will apply these as they 
may be amended and updated from time to time to calculate its Key Performance Indicators. As a consequence, 
the way in which the Issuer calculates its Key Performance Indicators may also change over time. Such changes 
(in particular in the calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the Issuer in 
relation to any of its Key Performance Indicators while still being able to satisfy the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) and avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(g)) 
and the payment to the Noteholders of an adjusted interest rate pursuant to the applicable Margin Adjustment or 
the applicable Premium Payment Amount (both as defined in Condition 5(g)). 
In addition, in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes and following a Recalculation Event (as defined in Condition 
5(g)), any Sustainability Performance Target(s), Key Performance Indicator's baseline(s) and Baseline Date(s) (as 
defined in Condition 5(g)) may be amended. If a Recalculation Event occurs, Condition 5(g) provides that the 
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s), Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s) and Baseline Date(s) 
may be redefined or recalculated in good faith by the Issuer to reflect some changes which impact the level of any 
Sustainability Performance Target(s), Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s) and Baseline Date(s), without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. The relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target(s), whether amended or not, is an important factor for ascertaining whether or 
not a Sustainability Trigger Event shall occur or is occurring in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The occurrence of any such Recalculation Event and the consequential change of any Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) may impact the payment to the Noteholders of the applicable Premium Payment Amount and/or the 
application of the applicable Margin Adjustment and/or the amount paid. Therefore, such changes may have an 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the market price of the Notes.  
As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology may not be 
in line with investors' expectations. Such changes may have a negative effect on the market value of the Notes.  
There is no standardized criteria for what constitutes a "sustainability-linked", "Climate KPI-linked", "ESG-
linked" or other equivalently labelled finance instrument, and any such designations made by third parties with 
respect to the Sustainability-Linked Notes have not been endorsed by the Issuer nor form part of this Base 
Prospectus  
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may include a Margin Adjustment and/or a Premium Payment Amount linked to 
the non-achievement of any Sustainability Performance Target by the Issuer as further described in Condition 5(g). 
There is currently no market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainability-linked", a "Climate KPI-linked", 
"ESG-linked" or an equivalently labelled financial instrument, and legislative and non-governmental 
developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to evolve. Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 
of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EuGB Regulation") provides for a definition of a 
"sustainability-linked bond" and some voluntary disclosure requirements for sustainability-linked bonds issued in 
the European Union; however, the EuGB Regulation remains subject to further developments and nothing in this 
Base Prospectus implies that the Sustainability-Linked Notes may comply with the EuGB Regulation. 
As a result, Noteholders as investors and the Sustainability-Linked Notes as investments may not respect, or may 
cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to respect, certain requirements, whether legislation, 
taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines. In particular, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may 
not qualify, or may cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to qualify, for certain dedicated 
sustainability-linked note, ESG-related securities or other equivalently-labelled indexes that may be important for 
the Noteholders to comply with, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-
laws or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the Climate KPI-linked or sustainability-linked 
objectives.  
Should the Sustainability-Linked Notes not meet the requirements of a Noteholder, this could have material 
consequences for the value of such Noteholder's investment and/or require such Noteholder to dispose of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes at the then prevailing market price.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Although the Issuer has obtained a second party opinion from Moody's Investors Services (the "Second Party 
Opinion") in relation to the alignment of the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework to the 2023 Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association (the "2023 Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles"), the 2023 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles have been developed as voluntary 
industry guidelines and no supervisory nor regulatory authority has passed on the content or adequacy of the 2023 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles. Second party opinion providers are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. If laws and regulations evolve, the 2023 Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles and/or the Second Party Opinion may not be sufficient for these purposes, which in turn could have 
material consequences for the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and require investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets 
to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be included in any dedicated sustainability-linked or other equivalently-
labelled index, and any such inclusion may cease at any time 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be included in any dedicated sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related 
securities or other equivalently-labelled index, either due to the decision of the index provider following its 
assessment of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group's ESG credentials or failure of the Issuer to maintain 
eligibility. Additionally, even if the Sustainability-Linked Notes are included in any such index, inclusion therein 
may cease at any time due to action by the index provider or the Group, including upon the application of a pre-
determined margin to the rate of interest payable in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the payment 
of the pre-determined premium amount, as applicable, following the non-achievement of the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s). The occurrence of any such event could negatively affect the Group's reputation, have a 
negative impact on the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or require certain Noteholders 
with portfolio mandates to invest in such securities to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes at the then 
prevailing trading price, which could in turn have a negative impact on the trading price and liquidity of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
(e) 
Risks relating to Green Notes or Social Notes 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds", the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may 
provide that such Notes constitute Green Notes or Social Notes. In such case, it will be the Issuer's intention to use 
the net proceeds from the issuance of such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects (as defined in the section "Use of 
Proceeds"), as applicable, meeting certain eligibility criteria as further described in the ELO Sustainable Finance 
Framework (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") available on the website of the Issuer. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of the Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may 
be, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework and the Final Terms, 
the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, may not be capable of being implemented in, 
or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and, accordingly, such net proceeds 
may not be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable.  
In addition, the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, may not be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any 
such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under such Green Notes or Social Notes, 
as the case may be, or give rise to any other claim of a Noteholder. Furthermore, if, for any reason, the Eligible 
Green Projects or the Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, cease to be eligible under the ELO Sustainable Finance 
Framework, this will not constitute an Event of Default under the Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may 
be, or give rise to any other claim of a Noteholder. 
The Second Party Opinion (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") provided by Moody's Investors Service 
or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, in respect of the Eligible 
Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainable or other 
criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"green" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as 
amended (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"). The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide 
classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for 
determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable (the "EU Taxonomy"). 
The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development through delegated regulations, notably with the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining 
the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change

--- Page 31 ---
31 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant 
harm to any of the other environmental objectives which entered into force on 1 January 2022. However, the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation specified above remain subject to further 
developments with regard to other specific economic activities and other environmental objectives. 
In addition, the EuGB Regulation lays down uniform requirements for issuers of bonds that wish to use the 
designation "European green bond" or "EuGB" for their environmentally sustainable bonds; however, nothing in 
this Base Prospectus implies that the Green Notes may comply with the "EuGB" standard. 
As a result, the definition of a "green" project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as a 
"green" project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, there 
is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) as to what attributes are required for a 
particular project to be classified as a "social" or "sustainable" project or a project labelled as equivalent. In light 
of such continuing development, there is a risk that the Eligible Green Projects or the Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any 
present or future investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently 
labelled performance objectives or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. 
If any Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, were listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), or included in an index or indices, any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such 
index or indices, may not be maintained during the life of such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, on Eligible 
Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, as aforesaid or to meet or continue to meet the investment 
requirements of certain environmentally, socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Green Notes 
or Social Notes, as the case may be, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters which such opinion or certification 
is opining on or certifying and/or any such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, and also potentially on the value of any 
other Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects, as the case may be, and/or may have adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green, social and/or sustainable assets. 
2. 
Legal risks relating to the Notes 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling General Meetings or taking Written Unanimous Decisions or Written 
Majority Decisions of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit, 
at a specific majority of Noteholders, to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote through the relevant Written Majority Decision and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority applicable. Noteholders may through Collective 
Decisions deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, subject 
to the limitations provided by French law. The modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may have a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11(d)(iii) provides that the provisions of: 
(i) 
Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders 
in relation to any proposal to change the corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, and the related provisions 
of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes; and 
(ii) 
Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders 
in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and 
L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce 
shall not apply to the Notes only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with a 
Subsidiary. 
As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such 
matters which may negatively affect their interests generally. 
Change of Law 
The Conditions are based on French law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any possible judicial 
decision or change in French law or the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of this

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in 
law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes.  
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer.  
Pursuant to Ordinance No 2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which transposes Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context of the opening in France of a safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or 
a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer, the affected 
parties (parties affectées) (including notably creditors and therefore the Noteholders) are grouped into distinct 
classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Such classes are determined by the administrator 
(administrateur judiciaire) on the basis of verifiable objective criteria and subject to certain conditions (among 
which, the fact that secured and unsecured receivables must be treated in distinct classes) in such a way that each 
class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest. 
Hence, the Noteholders do not deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in their own separate assembly, 
meaning that they do not benefit from a specific veto power on the restructuring plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties (parties affectées), the Noteholders are grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote can be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties (parties affectées), it can still be ratified 
by the court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Masse described in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law 
provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have a material and adverse impact 
on the Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to French 
insolvency proceedings. In addition, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have 
a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by a class of 
affected parties (parties affectées) could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
The Programme allows for Notes to be (i) listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) subject to the 
notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant competent authority as may be requested by the Issuer, 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA. If this is the case, the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such Notes will specify such admission to trading. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including, but not limited to, the value and/or the volatility of the index (as the case may be), market 
interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date and, if Adjusted Interest Rate (as defined in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)) is specified to be "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the occurrence of negative interest rate 
periods. 
If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates or if economic and market conditions decline, the value of the 
Notes may also decrease and Noteholders selling their Notes prior to maturity may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be assimilated 
(assimilée for the purposes of French law) with and forms a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar

--- Page 33 ---
33 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to 
be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with 
the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg and, if applicable, with the competent 
authority of the Regulated Market of the EEA where the Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, such filings 
may not be accepted and any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed and admitted to trading or an active 
trading market may not develop.  
Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a material adverse 
impact on the market value of Notes and, as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange Rates 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of Specified Currencies. An investment in the Notes may 
involve exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the 
currency of the purchaser's home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a 
currency other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies 
are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by 
macroeconomic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of 
currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or the reference 
assets. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. As 
a consequence, this may adversely affect the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published and have been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
("CSSF") in Luxembourg and which are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the audited consolidated financial report of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2021 
(French 
and 
English) 
(the 
"Financial 
Report 
2021"; 
https://groupe-
elo.com/app/uploads/2022/03/AUC_2021_RFA_FR_MEL-1.pdf; 
https://groupe-
elo.com/app/uploads/2022/03/AUC_2021_RFA_EN_MEL_v2.pdf); 
- 
the audited consolidated financial report of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 
(French 
and 
English) 
(the 
"Financial 
Report 
2022"; 
https://groupe-
elo.com/app/uploads/2023/03/AUC2022_RFA_FR_28-02-2023.pdf; 
https://groupe-
elo.com/app/uploads/2023/03/AUC2022_RFA_EN_28-02-2023.pdf); 
- 
the half year financial report of the Issuer for the period ended 30 June 2023 (French and English) (the 
"Half Year Financial Report 2023"; https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2023/07/RFS-ELO-S1-
2023.pdf; https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2023/07/Financial-report-ELO-H1-2023.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
18 November 2013 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) (the "2013 Conditions"; 
https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2021/12/Prospectus-de-base-2013.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
10 January 2019 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) (the "2019 Conditions"; 
https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2021/12/2019_Prospectus.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
21 April 2020 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) (the "2020 Conditions"; 
https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2021/12/Prospectus-2020.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
23 September 2022 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) (the "2022 Conditions" and, 
together with the 2013 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions and the 2020 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous 
Conditions; https://groupe-elo.com/app/uploads/2022/09/ELO-EMTN-2022-Base-Prospectus.pdf); 
So long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer (https://groupe-elo.com/finance/) for at least 
ten (10) years from the date of their publication in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single Series with 
Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. To the extent that only the EMTN Previous 
Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, the non-incorporated parts of the previous base 
prospectuses are not relevant for investors. 
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection 
with the cross-reference lists as set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, any information not incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus but contained in one of the documents mentioned as source documents in the 
cross-reference lists below is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
  
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE EMTN PREVIOUS CONDITIONS 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2013 Conditions 
Pages 28 to 59 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 37 to 80 
2020 Conditions 
Pages 35 to 79 
2022 Conditions  
Pages 31 to 69

--- Page 36 ---
36 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR THE 
FINANCIAL HALF YEAR ENDED ON 30 JUNE 2023 AND THE  
FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED ON 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022 IN  
RESPECT OF ELO 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
– Annex 7 
Half Year 
Financial Report 
2023 
(French & 
English language 
versions) 
 
Financial Report 
2022 
(French & English 
language versions) 
Financial Report 
2021 
(French & English 
language versions) 
Information 
about the 
Issuer 
4.1.5. Any recent events particular to 
the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer's 
solvency. 
French version: 
pages 4 to 8 
English version: 
pages 4 to 8 
Pages 14 to 16 
N/A 
Financial 
information 
concerning 
the Issuer's 
assets and 
liabilities, 
financial 
position and 
profits and 
losses 
11.1.1. Historical 
financial 
information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period 
as the issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report 
in respect of each year 
 
 
 
Audited 
historical 
financial 
information for the latest two financial 
years 
French version: 
pages 10 to 15 
English version: 
pages 10 to 15 
Pages 114 to 119 
Pages 114 to 121 
Audit reports for the latest two 
financial years 
French version: 
page 35 (limited 
review report) 
English version: 
page 33 (limited 
review report) 
Pages 182 to 185 
Pages 186 to 189 
11.1.3. Accounting standards 
French version: 
page 16 (Note 1) 
English version: 
page 16 (Note 1) 
Pages 121 to 123 
(Note 1) 
Pages 123 to 125 
(Note 1)

--- Page 37 ---
37 
11.1.4. Audited 
financial 
information 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting standards 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
French version: 
pages 12 to 13 
(Note 1.3) 
English version: 
pages 12 to 13 
(Note 1.3) 
Pages 116 to 117 
(Note 4.1.3) 
Pages 116 to 119 
(Note 4.1.3) 
Income statement 
French version: 
page 10 (Note 
1.1) 
English version: 
page 10 (Note 
1.1) 
Page 114 (Note 4.1.1) 
Page 114 (Note 4.1.1) 
Cash flow statement 
French version: 
page 14 (Note 
1.4) 
English version: 
page 14 (Note 
1.4) 
Page 118 (Note 4.1.4) 
Page 120 (Note 4.1.4) 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
equity 
French version: 
page 15 (Note 
1.5) 
English version: 
page 15 (Note 
1.5) 
Page 119 (Note 4.1.5) 
Page 121 (Note 4.1.5) 
Explanatory notes 
French version: 
pages 16 to 33 
English version: 
pages 16 to 31 
Pages 120 to 181 
Pages 122 to 185 
11.1.5. Consolidated 
financial 
statements 
 
 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone 
and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration 
document. 
French version: 
pages 10 to 15 
(Notes 1.1 to 1.5) 
English version: 
pages 10 to 15 
(Notes 1.1 to 1.5) 
Pages 114 to 119 
(Notes 4.1.1 to 4.1.5) 
Pages 114 to 121 
(Notes 4.1.1 to 4.1.5) 
11.1.6. Age of financial information 
 
 
 
The balance sheet date of the last year 
of audited financial information may 
not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 38 ---
38 
11.2.1. The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited 
French version: 
page 35 (limited 
review report) 
English version: 
page 33 (limited 
review report) 
Page 182 (Note 4.3) 
Page 186 (Note 4.3) 
 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical 
financial 
information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or 
where 
they 
contain 
qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
 
The English translations of the auditor's reports set out in the Financial Report 2021 and in the Financial Report 
2022 and of the auditor's review report set out in the Half Year Financial Report 2023 are free translations of the 
original French version and accurately reflect the corresponding statutory auditors' reports.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 28 December 2024, ELO 
shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"), ELO will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on a 
Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 28 December 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Conditions (as defined below) that, as completed by the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), the text 
of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the 
following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below), 
either (i) the full text of the Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) the terms and conditions as so completed, shall 
be endorsed on Materialised Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by ELO ("ELO" or the "Issuer") with the benefit of an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated 28 December 2023 entered into between the Issuer, BNP Paribas (as fiscal agent, paying agent 
and calculation agent) and Aether Financial Services (as quotation agent) (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the calculation agent(s) and the 
quotation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Calculation Agent(s)" and the "Quotation 
Agent(s)". The specific terms of each issue of Notes will be set out in the final terms, the form of which is included 
in this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). The holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to 
interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the "Talons") for 
further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the "Receipts") relating 
to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in instalments are respectively referred to below as the 
"Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated 
markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), in 
which case they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
("Euroclear France") which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme ("Clearstream") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (au porteur) only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. "Instalment Notes" are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Article L.211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities (such as 
Notes constituting obligations under French law) which are governed by French law and are in 
materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Notes", 
"Fixed to Floating Rate Notes", "Inflation Linked Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes" or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes including, where appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) and/or a 
Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note 
(as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or 
loss (or that of its related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" or "Noteholder" means (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes 
and (ii) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note 
and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes  
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and 
vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at 
the cost of such Noteholder.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either unsubordinated ("Unsubordinated Notes") or 
subordinated ("Subordinated Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Status of Unsubordinated Notes: 
The Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with 
all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes:  
(i) 
Subordination: 
Payments of principal in respect of Subordinated Notes (which term shall include both Subordinated 
Notes with a specified maturity date ("Dated Subordinated Notes") and Subordinated Notes 
without a specified maturity date ("Undated Subordinated Notes")) are direct, unsecured, 
unconditional and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and pari passu with any other present or future direct, unsecured, 
unconditional and subordinated obligations of the Issuer with the exception of the prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer. If any judgement is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
rights of payment of the holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the payment in full 
of unsubordinated creditors and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Subordinated Notes 
shall be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer. In the event of incomplete 
payment of unsubordinated creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated. The holders of Subordinated Notes shall take all steps 
necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation. 
(ii) 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
Payments of interest relating to Dated Subordinated Notes constitute obligations which rank equally 
with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of Unsubordinated Notes issued by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 3(a). 
(iii) 
Undated Subordinated Notes: 
Payments of interest relating to Undated Subordinated Notes may be deferred in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 5(i). The use of the proceeds of issues of Undated Subordinated Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge or other Security Interest other than 
a Permitted Security Interest upon any of its or their respective assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness (all as defined below) or any guarantee in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness (whether 
before or after the issue of Unsubordinated Notes) unless the Issuer's obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith (A) by such mortgage, charge, pledge or other 
Security Interest or (B) by such other Security Interest as shall be approved by the Noteholders acting through 
Collective Decisions.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(i) 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions,  
(b) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption, Arrears of Interest, as 
the case may be, and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a),  
(ii) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to the account 
of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and  
(iii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes, 
Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be,  
(c) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed,  
(d) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions,  
(e) 
in the case of Materialised Notes  
(i) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Notes,  
(ii) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes 
have been issued and  
(iii) 
any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or 
more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
(ii) 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a security interest granted to holders of debt securities over an asset 
and required to finance its purchase only;  
(iii) 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary: 
(a) 
whose total net assets or EBITDA (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
accounts, whose total consolidated net assets or consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be) 
represents not less than ten (10) per cent. of the total consolidated net assets or the consolidated 
EBITDA, as the case may be, of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries; or  
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary; 
(iv) 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for borrowed money, represented by notes (obligations) 
or other assimilated debt securities with a maturity of more than one year which are for the time being, or 
are capable of being, quoted, listed and admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter-market or other securities market. For the avoidance of doubt, such Relevant Indebtedness 
does not include indebtedness for borrowed money arising under loan or credit facility agreements; 
(v) 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté 
réelle); and 
(vi) 
"Subsidiary" means any company which is controlled by the Issuer within the meaning of Article L.233-3 
of the French Code de commerce and which forms part of the consolidated perimeter of the Issuer. 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be amended or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
supplemented from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series;  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series; 
"Benchmark" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either EURIBOR, 
€STR, SONIA, TEC10, CMS Rate or any other reference rate; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor system ("T2") is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)") a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/365 – FBF" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual – ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
- the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
- the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means any date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, any Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve (12) 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day 
of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month)); 
(vi) 
if "30/360 – FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms 
in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator 
is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 
31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one (31) days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
1/360 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
or 
1/360 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; and 
(vii) 
 if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of 
thirty (30) days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1/360 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to Transactions 
on Forward Financial Instruments as supplemented by the then applicable Interest and Currency Technical 
Annex (Echange de conditions d'Intérêt ou de Devises - Additif Technique) as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française (www.fbf.fr) ("FBF"), as supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated 
version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (together the "2013 FBF 
Master Agreement"); 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date; 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such 
other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such 
case only if the relevant reference rate is not SONIA) or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro and if the relevant reference rate is not SONIA 
or (iv) where SONIA is specified as the Relevant Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the fifth (5th) London 
Business Day (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
"Margin" means, for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that it may have a positive value, 
a negative value or equal zero; 
"Primary Source" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the primary source specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (4) 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone, if SONIA is the relevant Benchmark, shall 
be London and if the CMS Rate is the Benchmark, shall be the swap market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre) following agreement with the Issuer; 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) 
the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes 
that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone, in 
the case of SONIA shall be London and in the case of the CMS Rate, shall be the swap market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre) or, if none is so connected, Paris; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period 
(if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the 
Effective Date; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary 
local time exists, 11.00 am in the Relevant Financial Centre and for the purpose of this definition, "local 
time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Central European 
time ("CET") time; 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the time;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
"Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, 
or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing 
or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
that Relevant Rate; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the related Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) in arrears on each Interest Payment Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
If a fixed amount of interest (a "Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest (a "Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the 
case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable annually, semi-
annually, quarterly or monthly (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is  
(A)  
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment,  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day,  
(C)  
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if Adjusted Interest Rate is 
specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with (D) below.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Agent under notional interest rate swap (Echange) in 
the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent", "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and 
"Date de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to 
those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent with a linear 
interpolation between two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which 
corresponding to a maturity immediately below the length of the relevant Interest Period, and 
the other of which corresponding to a maturity immediately above the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent with 
a linear interpolation between two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which corresponding to a Designated Maturity immediately below the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which corresponding to a 
Designated Maturity immediately above the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and 
any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and "Compounding" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant Reset Date is the 
last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option if the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in such 
sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Calculation Period", "Compounding with 
Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Fixing Day", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate 
Option", "Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap Transaction" 
and "Termination Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
"Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to 
the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination and Benchmark for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Screen Page, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Screen Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity) or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than 
two (2) Relevant Rates appear on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) leading banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if 
the Specified Currency is euro, in the euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration 
(x) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
Europe) (y) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined 
on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin, or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a

--- Page 51 ---
51 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
  
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
 
Where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Eurozone provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
 
"€STRi-p" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"€STR Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"€STR Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding the Interest Payment 
Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
 
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business 
Days included in the €STR Observation Look-Back Period; and 
 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any 
successor source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business 
Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (d) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if 
the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the €STR Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published €STR or, if ECB Recommended Rate is published on a later date than the 
latest published €STR, the ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a 
later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
Where: 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate,

--- Page 53 ---
53 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising 
the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference rate) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking Day "i" 
up to but excluding the following London Banking Day ("i+1");  
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable);  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days included in the SONIA Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Screen Page or, if the relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA for such London Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published 
on the relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for 
so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors.  
Any substitution of the SONIA, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TEC 10, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO2 
calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire, which appears on the Screen 
Page, being Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page, as at 10.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is 
the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor, "OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the 
yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose periods to 
maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's 
duration being of less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being 
greater than 10 years. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC10 Page, EUR-TEC10-CNO shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two Reference OATs, which 
would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation 
of EUR-TEC10-CNO, quoted by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at 
approximately 10:00 a.m. (Paris time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide 
a quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and 
lowest such quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used 
by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of EUR-TEC10-
 
 
2 All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
CNO. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on the annual rate applicable for a swap in the Specified 
Currency which maturity is the Specified Duration, expressed as a percentage, as it 
appears on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the "CMS Rate") and increased or decreased, as the case may 
be (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) by the Margin (if any). 
If the relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate (as defined below) at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (g): 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount (as defined below) with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
Specified Duration determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is any other currency or, if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant 
Benchmark, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available 
were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR and SONIA) at any time 
when the Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallback provisions set out in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply 
and shall not prevail over the fallback provisions relating to €STR and SONIA provided in

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d) and Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e). 
 
If at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or that an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event has occurred: 
(a) 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable appoint an agent (the "Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent") that shall determine, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, whether, for the purposes of determining the 
Relevant Rate on each following Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate or 
failing which, an Alternative Rate is available. If the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will use such Replacement Relevant 
Rate. The Relevant Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the Relevant Financial Centre or the Principal Financial Centre, as the case 
may be, of the Specified Currency, (ii) an independent financial adviser and/or (iii) 
the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Relevant 
Rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will 
also determine concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, 
the Adjustment Spread, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, 
and such other changes or adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Relevant 
Rate as comparable as possible to the Relevant Rate, in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Relevant Rate and 
such guidance promulgated by associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international financial and/or debt capital markets as 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent may consider relevant for such Replacement 
Relevant Rate;  
(c) 
references to the "Relevant Rate" in these Conditions will henceforth be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including any concomitant changes and 
adjustments determined in accordance with paragraph (b) above. The determination 
of the Replacement Relevant Rate and such concomitant changes and adjustments by 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders 
and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Replacement Relevant Rate and such related changes and adjustments pursuant to this 
paragraph (c); and 
(d) 
as soon as reasonably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify 
the Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 15), the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent specifying 
the Replacement Relevant Rate, as well as the concomitant changes and adjustments 
determined in accordance with paragraph (b) above. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate has been 
discontinued and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for any reason a 
Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement Relevant Rate will be adopted, 
and in such case, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous 
Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period).  
Where: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) if no recommendation required under the subparagraph (i) above has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and 
which is recognised or acknowledged as being a customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions or, if not, the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be; or  
(iii) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology 
in customary market usage, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent, acting in good 
faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Floating Rate Notes and a 
Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-
Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Floating Rate 
Notes and a Benchmark: 
(a) 
any material changes in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; 
(c) 
a relevant regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended. 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not 
been or will not be obtained; or 
(b) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will 
not be included in an official register; or 
(c) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not 
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Floating Rate Notes, the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if, 
notwithstanding that the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is not 
or will not be included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended, at the time of such 
suspension the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is nevertheless permitted in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes under applicable law or regulation during the period of 
such suspension. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for

--- Page 59 ---
59 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in 
any official register which, in each case, is required in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any applicable law 
or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar institution (as 
applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other 
similar institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) a group of the aforementioned institutions or (iii) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Replacement Relevant Rate" means the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate as 
determined by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent for the purpose of determining the 
Relevant Rate, as the case may be. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws 
or will suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or regulation 
for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Notes; or 
(b) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed 
from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under 
any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or 
will be suspended or where inclusion in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the 
time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is 
permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Notes under applicable law or regulation during the 
period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
(E) 
Adjusted Interest Rate 
If Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was above zero, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was equal to or below zero, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the sum of (A) the 
rate of interest, positive or negative, determined for such Interest Accrual Period in 
the manner specified in the provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (B) the Rate of Interest, negative or equal 
to zero, determined for the preceding Interest Accrual Period pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E),

--- Page 60 ---
60 
it being specified that: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest for the first Interest Accrual Period will be determined in 
accordance with (a) above as if the Rate of Interest in respect of the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period was above zero; and 
(ii) 
if the Rate of Interest for a given Interest Accrual Period, as determined pursuant to 
(a) or (b) above, is a negative number, no Interest Amount will be paid by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders on the relevant Interest Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt, 
no payment will be made by the Noteholders to the Issuer in respect of a negative Rate 
of Interest). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Not Applicable" in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI): 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, as 
calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the "CPI Linked 
Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio 
between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) 
the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Base 
Reference"). The IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day ("D") (other than the first day) in any given month 
("M"), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month ("M-3") and the second month 
preceding such month ("M-2") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
With: 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M-2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M-3; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
"ND M": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31. 
The CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR

--- Page 61 ---
61 
<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury 
(Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and published monthly 
by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
(ii) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" 
(Obligations et autres instruments de taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des 
marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(iii) 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as 
defined above). 
(iv) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
I. 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already 
been published, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
would be published under the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
II. 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index 
shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted 
as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly 
Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be 
chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last 
year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP): 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition shall apply. 
Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition shall 
apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the HICP 
Linked Interest) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio 
between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) 
the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Base 
Reference"). The IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day ("D") (other than the first day) in any given month 
("M"), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month ("M-3") and the second month 
preceding such month ("M-2") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
With 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M-2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M-3; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31. 
The HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website (www.aft.gouv.fr) and 
on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or 
replaced from time to time as provided herein. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
(ii) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as 
defined above). 
(iii) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
I. 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been published by

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index 
is released, it would automatically apply from the day following its release to 
all calculations taking place from this date. 
II. 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
 
Such that: 
 
(d) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: Inverse Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as determined in 
Condition 5(b)) minus a Floating Rate (as determined in Condition 5(c)), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Floating Rate (as determined in Condition 5(c)) shall be deemed to be zero. 
(e) 
Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of 
interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Fixed to Floating Rate Notes shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b) and 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c) and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate, it being specified that any Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis shall be notified by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate on the 
Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(l)(i)(B)). 
(g) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: If "Sustainability-Linked Notes" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply. 
This Condition 5(g) applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that 
the Step-Up Option and/or the Premium Payment, as the case may be, is or are applicable (the 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes"). 
(i) 
Step-Up Option 
Where the Step-Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the case of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) for each Interest 
Period from and including the Interest Step-Up Date until the Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the 
Initial Rate of Interest (or the initial Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) and (i) if only one Key Performance Indicator is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment and 
(ii) if both KPI 1 and KPI 2 are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has not met any of SPT 1 or SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution 
Date, any of New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b), the Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment; or 
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only SPT 1 but not SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution 
Date, any of New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b), the Intermediate Step-Up Margin Adjustment; 
or 
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution Date, both 
New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b) but not SPT 1, the Intermediate Step-Up Margin Adjustment; 
or 
(D) 
in the event the Sustainability Trigger Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the 
Sustainability Reporting, the Assurance Report or the SPT Assurance Statement, in 
accordance with Condition 5(g)(iv), the Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of a Series of Notes. 
(ii) 
Premium Payment 
Where a Premium Payment is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall pay on the Premium Payment Date in respect of 
each Note of the relevant Series an amount equal to (i) if only one Key Performance Indicator is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Full Premium Payment Amount and 
(ii) if both KPI 1 and KPI 2 are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has not met any of SPT 1 or SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution 
Date, any of New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b), the Full Premium Payment Amount; or 
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only SPT 1 but not SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution 
Date, any of New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b), the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; or 
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only SPT 2 (or, as from the relevant Substitution Date, both 
New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b) but not SPT 1, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; 
or 
(D) 
in the event the Sustainability Trigger Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the 
Sustainability Reporting, the Assurance Report or the SPT Assurance Statement, in 
accordance with Condition 5(g)(iv), the Full Premium Payment Amount. 
(iii) 
Notification of Sustainability Trigger Event  
If a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall give notice of such Sustainability Trigger 
Event and the applicable Margin Adjustment and/or Premium Payment Amount to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the relevant Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the occurrence of such Sustainability Trigger Event. 
(iv) 
Sustainability Reporting 
For each Sustainability Period from the Sustainability Period during which any Sustainability-
Linked Notes are issued and, with respect to KPI 2, not sooner than from the Sustainability Period 
ended on 31 December 2024 and for so long as any of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and, if 
applicable, Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, the Issuer shall include in a dedicated 
section of its annual report which will be available on its website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-
rating) or publish on its website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating) as a separate report or 
document: 
(A) 
within one hundred and eighty (180) days following the end of each relevant Sustainability 
Period, the level of the relevant Key Performance Indicator(s) as at the last day of such 
Sustainability Period (the "Sustainability Reporting"); 
(B) 
within one hundred and eighty (180) days following the end of each relevant Sustainability 
Period, a limited assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the performance 
of the Issuer for each relevant Key Performance Indicator(s) provided within the 
Sustainability Reporting (the "Assurance Report"); and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(C) 
following the occurrence of any relevant Target Observation Date, no later than the date of 
publication of the Issuer's annual report following such Target Observation Date, a statement 
by the Issuer including assurance by the External Verifier confirming the level of the relevant 
Key Performance Indicator(s) against the applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
and confirming whether or not the Issuer has achieved the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) as at such Target Observation Date (the "SPT Assurance 
Statement"); 
(D) 
following the occurrence of a Make-Whole Redemption Date which would occur less than 
twelve (12) months prior to a Target Observation Date, a SPT Assurance Statement 
confirming the level of the relevant Key Performance Indicator(s) against the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) and confirming whether or not the Issuer has achieved 
the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) as at the end of the Sustainability Period 
immediately preceding the Sustainability Period in which the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date falls. 
(v) 
Absence of Event of Default 
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event shall not constitute an Event of Default or a 
breach of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Substitution 
On the relevant Substitution Date, the Issuer will, in good faith:  
(A) 
update the baseline(s) for KPI 1 and the SPT 1, to comply with the New SBTi FLAG 
Methodology; and 
(B) 
update the baseline(s) for KPI 2 and replace (i) KPI 2 by New KPI 2a and New KPI 2b and 
(ii) SPT 2 by New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b, to comply with the New SBTi FLAG 
Methodology. 
Such replacements or updates will be applied to any outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes, 
provided that an External Verifier has independently confirmed that (i) the updated baseline(s) for 
KPI 1 and the updated SPT 1 are consistent with, or more ambitious and material than, the initial 
baseline(s) for KPI 1 and related SPT 1 and (ii) the baseline(s) for the New KPI 2a, the New KPI 
2b, the New SPT 2a and the New SPT 2b are consistent with, or more ambitious and material than, 
the initial KPI 2 baseline, KPI 2 and related SPT 2. 
By subscribing or acquiring the Sustainability-Linked Notes, each Noteholder accepts and agrees 
not to be consulted in respect of such changes.  
Any such changes and the resulting substitutions will be communicated as soon as reasonably 
practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and notified to the relevant 
Noteholders (with a copy to the relevant Representative) in accordance with Condition 14. 
(vii) 
Recalculation 
The Sustainability Performance Target(s), the Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s) or the 
Baseline Date(s) may be recalculated or redefined in good faith by the Issuer and applied to 
outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes to reflect any changes subsequent to a Recalculation Event, 
which occurs between the Issue Date of a Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant 
Target Observation Date, provided that an External Verifier has independently confirmed that the 
revised Sustainability Performance Target(s), the Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s) or the 
Baseline Date(s) are consistent with, or more ambitious and material than, the initial Sustainability 
Performance Target(s), Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s) or Baseline Date(s) taking into 
account the Recalculation Event. 
By subscribing or acquiring the Sustainability-Linked Notes, each Noteholder accepts and agrees 
not to be consulted in respect of such changes.  
Any such change and the resulting recalculation to any Sustainability Performance Target will be 
communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and notified to the relevant Noteholders (with a copy to the relevant Representative) in 
accordance with Condition 14.  
Any other changes to any Sustainability Performance Target or to any Margin Adjustment or any 
Premium Payment Amount will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(viii) Definitions 
In this Condition 5(g): 
"Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(g)(iv). 
"Baseline Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ELO Sustainable Finance Framework" means the Issuer's sustainable finance framework, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-
elo.com/dette-et-rating/). The alignment of the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework with the 2023 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association 
has been confirmed by a second party opinion provided by Moody's Investors Service (the "Second 
Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion is available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-
elo.com/dette-et-rating/). 
"External Verifier" means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or 
such other independent accounting or appraisal firm or other independent expert of internationally 
recognized standing with relevant expertise, appointed by the Issuer to issue the SPT Assurance 
Statement in replacement of the external verifier initially named in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Full Premium Payment Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the Full Premium Payment Amount. 
"Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment" means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Step-Up Date" means any of the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Intermediate Premium Payment Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount. 
"Intermediate Step-Up Margin Adjustment" means the percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Intermediate Step-Up Margin Adjustment. 
"Key Performance Indicators" means KPI 1 and KPI 2 (or from the Substitution Date, New KPI 
2a and New KPI 2b), taken together (each a "Key Performance Indicator"). 
"KPI 1" means Auchan Retail's stores greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions (scope 1 and 2), 
including gas consumption, refrigerant leaks, electricity and heat consumption, as further described 
in ELO Sustainable Finance Framework.  
"KPI 2" means the absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, upstream 
transportation and distribution, use of sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products of 
Auchan Retail, as further described in ELO Sustainable Finance Framework.  
"Margin Adjustment" means the Full Step-Up Margin Adjustment or the Intermediate Step-Up 
Margin Adjustment, as applicable. 
"New KPI 2a" means FLAG GHG emissions.  
"New KPI 2b" means non-FLAG GHG emissions.  
"New SBTi FLAG Methodology" means the SBTi Forest, Land and Agriculture ("FLAG") project 
which is the approach (including a tool and guidance) for companies in land-intensive sectors to set 
science-based targets in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement. FLAG companies need to update 
their GHG emissions calculations in line with the GHG protocol's land sector and removals guidance 
as described in the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework. 
"New SPT 2a" means the objective set for the New KPI 2a to be observed on any relevant Target 
Observation Date compared to the level of New KPI 2a used as a baseline and observed on the 
relevant Baseline Date, as determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 5(g)(vi). 
"New SPT 2b" means the objective set for the New KPI 2b to be observed on any relevant Target 
Observation Date compared to the level of New KPI 2b used as a baseline and observed on the 
relevant Baseline Date, as determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 5(g)(vi). 
"Premium Payment Date" means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on 
which the Issuer is required to publish the SPT Assurance Statement.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
"Premium Payment Amount" means the Full Premium Payment Amount or the Intermediate 
Premium Payment Amount, as applicable. 
"Recalculation Event" means any changes: 
(a) 
in the Group's perimeter (due to an acquisition, a merger or a demerger or other restructuring, 
scission or apport partiel d'actifs, an amalgamation, a consolidation or other form of 
reorganization with similar effect, a spin-off, a disposal, or a sale of assets); or 
(b) 
in or any amendment to any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies 
relating to the business of the Group, including transition plan disclosure regulation; or  
(c) 
to the methodology for calculation of any Key Performance Indicator (including as outlined 
in the scope 3 methodological note available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-
elo.com/dette-et-rating/)) to reflect changes in the market practice, relevant market standards, 
or updated emissions factors; or 
(d) 
in the Issuer's ability and autonomy to calculate its Key Performance Indicators, for example 
as a result of data accessibility, data quality, data error, or a number of cumulative errors that 
together are significant. In other cases, a proxy can be used. An example of such a proxy may 
be an extrapolation of earlier reported emissions if a supplier is not providing the figures in 
time, 
which, individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact on the level of any Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) or any Key Performance Indicator(s)'s baseline(s). 
"SBTi" means the Science Based Targets initiative. 
"SPT 1" means the objective set for the KPI 1 to be observed on any relevant Target Observation 
Date compared to the level of KPI 1 used as a baseline and observed on the relevant Baseline Date, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"SPT 2" means the objective set for the KPI 2 to be observed on any relevant Target Observation 
Date compared to the level of KPI 2 used as a baseline and observed on the relevant Baseline Date, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"SPT Assurance Statement" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(g)(iv). 
"Substitution Date" means the date on which the Issuer complies with the New SBTi FLAG 
Methodology in accordance with Condition 5(g)(vi), which will likely occur by the end of 2024 or 
2025. 
"Sustainability Performance Targets" means SPT 1 and SPT 2 (or from the Substitution Date, 
New SPT 2a and New SPT 2b), taken together (each a "Sustainability Performance Target"). 
"Sustainability Period" means, in relation to the calculation of any Key Performance Indicator(s), 
any financial year commencing on 1 January and ending on 31 December. 
"Sustainability Reporting" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(g)(iv). 
"Sustainability Trigger Event" means the occurrence of one of the following events: (i) the Issuer 
fails to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation Date, or 
(ii) the Issuer fails to publish the Sustainability Reporting, the Assurance Report or the SPT 
Assurance Statement, in accordance with Condition 5(g)(iv). 
"Target Observation Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the relevant Sustainability Performance Target. 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(i) 
Deferral of interest: In the case of Undated Subordinated Notes, interest shall be payable on each 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date (as defined below) in respect of the interest accrued in the Interest 
Period ending on the day immediately preceding such date. On any Optional Interest Payment Date (as 
defined below), interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately preceding such date 
may be paid (if the Issuer so elects) but the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and 
any such failure to pay shall not constitute a default under the Notes or for any other purpose. Notice of any 
Optional Interest Payment Date shall (so long as the rules of the relevant Regulated Market(s) so require) 
be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and to the relevant Regulated Market(s) on

--- Page 68 ---
68 
which the Notes are admitted to trading, as the case may be. Such notice shall be given at least seven (7) 
days prior to the relevant Optional Interest Payment Date(s). Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest 
Payment Date shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute "Arrears of Interest" which term shall 
include interest on such unpaid interest as referred to below. Arrears of Interest may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiration of not less than seven (7) days' notice to 
such effect given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 provided that all Arrears of Interest 
on all Undated Subordinated Notes outstanding shall become due in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following the date upon which the Assemblée Générale of 
the shareholders of the Issuer passed a resolution to pay a dividend on the ordinary share capital of 
the Issuer, 
(ii)  the date on which a judgment is rendered ordering the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of 
the Issuer or the transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) following a 
decision of judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer or in the event of 
liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason (other than as a result of a consolidation or merger or 
any other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and where the resulting entity assumes 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes), and 
(iii) any redemption date under the relevant Notes. 
If notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part of Arrears of Interest, the Issuer shall 
be obliged to do so upon the expiration of such notice. When Arrears of Interest are paid in part, each such 
payment shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the full amount of the Arrears of Interest accrued in 
respect of the earliest Interest Period in respect of which Arrears of Interest have accrued and have not been 
paid in full. Arrears of Interest shall (to the extent permitted by law) bear interest accruing (but only, in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, after such interest has accrued for a period of one 
year) and compounding on the basis of the exact number of days which have elapsed at the prevailing rate 
of interest on the Undated Subordinated Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period. For these purposes 
the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Compulsory Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date unless at the Assemblée Générale 
of the shareholders of the Issuer immediately preceding such date which was required to approve the annual 
accounts of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended prior to such Assemblée Générale, no resolution was passed 
to pay a dividend on the ordinary share capital of the Issuer in respect of such previous fiscal year. 
"Optional Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, other than a 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date. 
(j) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated 
in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven (7) significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country(ies) of such currency. 
(k) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of 
such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Accrual Periods. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of: 
(a) 
Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: As soon as practicable after the 
relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount, to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties; 
(b) Make-Whole Redemption Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as 
the Quotation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make 
any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes and, if required to be 
calculated, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be notified to the Fiscal Agent (it being 
specified that, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of 
such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Business Day after such determination), the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information. The calculation by 
the Quotation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties; 
(m) 
Calculation Agent, Quotation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at 
all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant 
Financial Centre, one or more Calculation Agents and one or more Quotation Agents if provision is made 
for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any 
Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Where more than one Quotation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Quotation Agent shall be construed as each 
Quotation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or 
to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. If the Quotation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Quotation Agent fails duly to 
calculate the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Quotation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, 
as applicable, may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as 
the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent, as applicable, 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such 
payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options: If a call option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations 
and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation to, all 
or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or 
Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their optional 
redemption amount equal to the nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount") together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate 
to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving: 
(A) 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 
14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
and 
(B) 
not less than fifteen (15) calendar days before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (A) 
above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in 
the Final Terms (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date")), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their 
Maturity Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. On or not later than the Business Day 
immediately following the Calculation Date, the Quotation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Noteholders and such other parties as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of which any such notice referred to in sub-paragraph (A) above 
is given shall be redeemed on the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date in accordance with this 
Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark Rate" means (i) the average of the four (4) quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (CET) 
or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate. The Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(a)) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency of the relevant Notes, 
determined by the Quotation Agent, equal to the sum rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards) of  
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes and (y) the sum of the present values 
as at the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest (including, with respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes if the Make-whole Redemption Date 
occurs less than 12 months prior to the relevant Target Observation Date (i) the Full Step-Up Margin 
Adjustment from the relevant Interest Step-Up Date and/or (ii) the Full Premium Payment Amount 
from the relevant Premium Payment Date, on the assumption that the relevant Sustainability Trigger 
Event(s) will occur, unless the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) have been achieved for 
the most recent Sustainability Period (as defined in Condition 5(g)) prior to the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date for which an Assurance Report is available (as set out in such Assurance Report 
and as confirmed by a SPT Assurance Statement), in which case the Margin Adjustment and/or, as 
the case may be, the Premium Payment Amount, shall not apply) on such Notes (excluding any 
interest accrued but not paid on such Notes (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) 
from, and including, the Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Redemption Date) discounted from the Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the Call Option 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, to the Make-Whole Redemption Date on the basis of the 
relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-Whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Notes (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) 
from, and including, the Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Redemption Date; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Quotation Agent, of the Benchmark 
Rate and the Make-Whole Redemption Margin; 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Quotation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues or such other banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms and their respective successor; 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent on the 
Calculation Date at 2.00 p.m. (CET), quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published 
in accordance with Condition 14; 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and any 
successor thereto; and 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem all or some only of the Notes at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
Arrears of Interest), at any time as from the Call Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms which 
shall be no earlier than six (6) months before the Maturity Date.  
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to 
the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, at any time prior to their Maturity Date, at 
their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), as long as the aggregate principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes of the relevant Series is equal to 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued on the Issue Date of all Tranches of the relevant Series, other than as a direct result of a redemption

--- Page 72 ---
72 
of some, but not all, of the Notes pursuant to a Make-Whole Redemption Option in accordance with 
Condition 6(d), if applicable, if such exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption Option by the Issuer 
occurred within the twelve (12) months preceding the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Acquisition Event Call Option: If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and at any time an Acquisition Event (as defined below) occurs while any of the Notes is 
outstanding, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving, promptly and in any event (i) not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the occurrence 
of such Acquisition Event and (ii) not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days before 
the date set for redemption, irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders and 
to the Fiscal Agent, redeem all or some only or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). The Issuer may waive its right 
to exercise the Acquisition Event Call Option in accordance with this Condition 6(g) by giving 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders, provided that the exercise of the 
Acquisition Event Call Option has not yet been notified. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, an "Acquisition Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if: 
(i) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders following a Put Change of Control Event: If a Put Change 
of Control Option is specified in the relevant Final terms, at any time a Change of Control (as defined 
below) occurs while any of the Notes is outstanding and, within the Put Change of Control Period (as 
defined below), a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) occurs or has occurred as a result of such Change 
of Control (a "Put Change of Control Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Put Change 
of Control Option") to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the 
purchase of all or part of its Notes on the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined below) 
at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal 
to) accrued interest to (but excluding) the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date.  
If a Put Change of Control Event occurs, the Issuer shall promptly after becoming aware of the occurrence 
of such event, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, specifying the nature of the 
Put Change of Control Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Change of Control Option (the "Change of Control and Rating Downgrade Notice"). 
Each Noteholder will have the right to require the redemption or, at the Issuer's option, the purchase of all 
or part of its Notes within forty-five (45) calendar days (the "Put Change of Control Period") following 
the delivery of the Change of Control and Rating Downgrade Notice. To exercise the Put Change of Control 
Option, the Noteholder must (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, transfer (or cause to be transferred by 
its Account Holder) its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Principal Paying Agent 
(details of which are specified in the Change of Control and Rating Downgrade Notice) for the account of 
the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit (or cause to deposit) its Notes to be so redeemed 
or purchased with the Principal Paying Agent (details of which are specified in the Change of Control and 
Rating Downgrade Notice), in each case (i) and (ii) within the Put Change of Control Period, together with 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Paying Agent 
(a "Put Change of Control Option Notice") in which the Noteholder may specify an account located in 
the European Union to which payment is to be made under this Condition. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
Following the Put Change of Control Option Notice, the Issuer shall redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes tendered as provided above on the Optional Change of 
Control Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Association Familiale Mulliez" means the members of the Famille Mulliez, acting directly or indirectly. 
"Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if (whether or not approved by the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer) the Association Familiale Mulliez ceases to hold, directly 
or indirectly, at least 50.1 per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued ordinary share capital of the 
Issuer (or in the event of a merger or an acquisition, its successor company).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date of the first public announcement 
by the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control and ending on the date which is ninety (90) calendar days 
after the date of the first public announcement of the occurrence of the Change of Control.  
"Famille Mulliez" means the descendants of the union composed of Louis MULLIEZ (1877-1952) and 
Marguerite LESTIENNE (1880-1951) and the persons which are united to them in the bonds of marriage, 
taken as a whole. 
"Optional Change of Control Redemption Date" is the fifteenth (15th) day following the expiration of 
the Put Change of Control Period. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P, as the case may be, or any rating organisation generally recognised by banks, 
securities houses and investors in the euro-markets, provided that references herein to a Rating Agency 
shall only be to such Rating Agency as shall have been appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer to maintain 
a Rating and shall not extend to any such Rating Agency providing rating on an unsolicited basis. 
"Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if the rating 
previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (BB+, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if the rating previously 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), 
lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents), 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be 
deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the 
change in rating does not publicly announce or confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or part, 
of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control.  
In the event that the Notes are rated by more than one Rating Agency, the rating to be taken into account to 
determine if a Rating Downgrade has occurred shall be the lower rating assigned by any of such Rating 
Agencies. 
If any rating of the Notes is assigned by any Rating Agency or Rating Agencies other than or in addition to 
S&P, the ratings in the table set out in the relevant Final Terms shall be construed as if it referred to the 
equivalent ratings of such other or additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies. 
In the event that the Notes cease at any time to have a rating assigned to them by at least one Rating Agency, 
the Issuer shall use its best endeavours to obtain a rating of its Notes from a Rating Agency as soon as 
practicable. 
"S&P's" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and its successors or affiliates. 
In the event that the Notes cease at any time to have a rating assigned to them by at least one Rating Agency, 
the Issuer shall use its best endeavours to obtain a rating of its Notes from a Rating Agency as soon as 
practicable  
(i) 
Partial Redemption: Any partial redemption pursuant to paragraphs 6(c), 6(d), 6(g) and 6(h) above must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
(a) 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be 
redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in 
such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchanges 
requirements. 
(b) 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, at the option of the Issuer, either by: 
(i) 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed; or  
(ii) 
redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice 
between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised 
Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with the provisions 
of Article R.213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchanges 
requirements.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall, each time 
there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such Stock 
Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (ii) in a 
leading newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
In case of partial redemption, the Specified Denomination, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Instalment Amount, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount and the principal of the Notes shall be adjusted accordingly. 
(j) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at 
its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice 
shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent as 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(k) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before the 
Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at 
par. 
(l) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(m) or Condition 6(p) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of any 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(m) or Condition 6(p) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as

--- Page 75 ---
75 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
5(h). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(l)(ii) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP 
is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(l)(ii) applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate 
per annum on the basis of provisions of Condition 5 above except that, for such purposes the 
relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant 
Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(m), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
Arrears of Interest). 
(m) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on 
any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to 
having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of principal and interest in respect of the Notes without withholding for such French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, be prevented 
by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full 
amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained 
in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, any

--- Page 76 ---
76 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) 
on  
(A) 
the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would 
expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of 
Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen 
(14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or  
(B) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, 
if applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(n) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to applicable 
laws and/or regulations. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or shall be cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6(o) below.  
(o) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global 
Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred 
or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to 
such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(p) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer 
to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having 
given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will constitute 
an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears 
of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts 
other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together 
with its relative Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a Bank and in compliance with applicable U.S. Treasury 
regulations. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to the T2.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated 
in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Quotation 
Agent initially appointed under the Agency Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Quotation Agent(s) act as independent expert(s) and, in each case 
such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Quotation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) one or more Quotation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European 
city (including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, such other city where the Notes 
are admitted to trading), (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which 
the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date 
for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of 
Interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon

--- Page 78 ---
78 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest if applicable) 
shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised 
Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10), provided that, in respect of Notes listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such 
exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as a 
case may be, in Luxembourg. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions 
as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained 
with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a 
payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax exemption:  
All payment of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (in respect of any 
Note), Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes 
or duties whatsoever levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be due by the Issuer with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
(including a beneficial owner (ayant droit)), who is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his 
having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such calendar day; or 
(iii) 
Payment by another Paying Agent: Definitive Materialised Notes presented for payment by or on 
behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting 
the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union; or 
(iv) 
Notes that are neither listed nor admitted to the clearing operations of a central depositary: 
that is neither admitted (i) to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral

--- Page 79 ---
79 
securities trading system (provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative 
State and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator, an investment services 
provider, or by a similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State), nor, (ii) at the time of issuance, 
to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a securities clearing, delivery and payments 
systems operator within the meaning of Article L 561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators (provided that such depositary or operator 
is not located in a Non-Cooperative State) and where such withholding or deduction is imposed 
solely by reason of such payments being made, or accrued to a Noteholder established or domiciled 
in, a Non-Cooperative State or receiving payments under such Note in a bank account opened in a 
financial institution located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
that may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(b)), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been remedied, cause all the Notes held by 
such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become immediately due 
and payable at their principal amount, plus accrued interest, without any other formality, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
(a) 
Unsubordinated Notes: In the case of Unsubordinated Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is in default for more than fifteen (15) calendar days for the payment of principal of, or 
interest on, any Note (including the payment of any additional amounts in accordance with 
Condition 8 (b)), when the same shall become due and payable; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other obligations under 
the Notes and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt by 
the Fiscal Agent of the written notice of such default by a Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
if Relevant Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 ("Negative Pledge")) of the Issuer, for borrowed 
money in excess of Euro 100,000,000 (one hundred million) (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
shall become due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any 
such Relevant Indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period (as originally agreed) therefore or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer for, 
or in respect of, any such Relevant Indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due and called 
upon; or  
(iv) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or a judgement is 
issued for reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire) or for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), if any 
judgement shall be issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason (other than as a result of a consolidation or merger or any other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and where the resulting entity assumes the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes), then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable, at 
their principal amount together with any accrued interest to the date of payment without any further 
formality. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years (in the case of principal 
and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically in a masse (the "Masse") 
for the defence of their common interests.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
The Masse will be governed by the articles L.228-46 et seq. from the French Code de commerce as amended by 
this Condition 11.  
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes without prejudice 
to the rights which can be exercised by the Noteholders individually in accordance with, and subject to the 
provisions of the Conditions. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, as the case may be, will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its function or duties, if any, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration will be due for any subsequent Tranche 
of a particular Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by his alternate, as the case may be, or another representative could 
be elected. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified office(s) of any of the 
Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any contrary Collective Decision) have the power to take all 
acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity 
to delegate his powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), (ii) by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision") or (iii) 
by majority consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Majority 
Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
Noteholder. 
Decisions adopted by the Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a simple majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
Written Unanimous Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(A) 
Written Unanimous Decisions 
Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval 
of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the 
French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, 
have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such 
Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in 
like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders and shall be 
published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
(B) 
Written Majority Decisions 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(h) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and 
time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval 
or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their 
Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions will be deemed to have been approved on first notice if (i) 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority 
Decision hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval on such Written Majority Decision 
hold at least two-thirds (2/3) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection. If the quorum on first notice is not met, Written 
Majority Decisions will be deemed to have been approved on second notice if Noteholders 
expressing their approval on such Written Majority Decision hold at least two-thirds (2/3) of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection. 
It being specified that notwithstanding the foregoing, Written Majority Decisions seeking to 
amend the Conditions shall only be taken by one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least seventy-fixe (75) per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding.  
Written Majority Decisions do not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by 
Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority 
Decisions may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each 
signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the Noteholders and shall be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(h).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to change the corporate purpose or form of 
the Issuer, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases 
referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce, and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes only to the extent that such 
proposal relates to a merger or demerger with a Subsidiary. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon 
by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Tranches which have been 
assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. 
 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the Notes 
of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce. 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make 
it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled and not cancelled in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations as referred to in Condition 6(n). 
12. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and regulations of the Regulated 
Market on which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single Series with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment

--- Page 83 ---
83 
of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further Notes provide for such 
assimilation; and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.  
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing or (ii) they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is/are located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or (iii) so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, on the 
website of the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published (i) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (ii) so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is/are located, which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be 
the Luxemburger Wort, or (iii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is 
expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notice given by publication shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with 
this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) (au porteur or au nominatif) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes 
are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 
14(a), (b) and (c) above; provided that (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s) and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or (ii) so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, 
on the website of the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading, which in the case of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to 
Condition 11 shall also be published in a leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may 
be brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
for Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"). Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers with 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other 
clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "TEFRA C Rules") or in a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed 
and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. 
"Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive 
Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days 
(and that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATION 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes are expected to 
be used by the Issuer either: 
 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of issue of green Notes (the "Green Notes") or social 
Notes (the "Social Notes"), to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing green assets, 
expenditures or cost of goods sold (the "Eligible Green Projects") or social assets, expenditures or cost 
of goods sold (the "Eligible Social Projects"), such Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects 
meeting eligibility criteria as set out in the Issuer's sustainable finance framework, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating/) 
(the "ELO Sustainable Finance Framework"). 
The Issuer has appointed Moody's Investors Service to provide an independent second party opinion (the "Second 
Party Opinion") on the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework. The Second Party Opinion has confirmed the 
alignment of the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework with the 2021 Green Bond Principles and the 2023 Social 
Bond Principles, each published by the International Capital Market Association. The Second Party Opinion is 
available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating/). 
As detailed in the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework, the Issuer will report on (i) the allocation of the net 
proceeds of an issue of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, relating to, respectively, Eligible Green 
Projects or Eligible Social Projects (the "Allocation Reporting") and (ii) the impact of the Eligible Green 
Projects or the Eligible Social Projects, as applicable (the "Impact Reporting"). Any Allocation Reporting or 
Impact Reporting will be available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating). The 
management of proceeds may be externally reviewed by an auditor or another independent third party and made 
available on the Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating/). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any 
information on Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects on the Issuer's website are not incorporated 
by reference into, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
DESCRIPTION AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF ELO 
I. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
ELO (the new name of Auchan Holding since 11 March 2021) and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as a 
whole are hereafter referred to as the "ELO Group". 
Overview of ELO 
Present in 13 countries across 3 continents, ELO brings together 2 companies with complementary businesses: 
Auchan Retail, a new generation retailer and New Immo Holding (formerly Ceetrus), which develops and enlivens 
sustainable and smart living zones. ELO also holds an equity investment in Oney Bank, a European player in 
payment, finance and digital identification solutions.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
II. 
DESCRIPTION AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF ELO 
1. 
General information about ELO 
ELO is a French société anonyme à conseil d'administration with an issued share capital of €579,520,940 (divided 
into 28,976,047 shares with a nominal value of €20 each, all fully paid-up) as of 20 December 2023, registered 
with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Lille Métropole under number 476 180 625. Its registered office 
is located at 40, avenue de Flandre, 59170 Croix, France, (telephone number: +33.3.20.81.68.00) (hereafter 
"ELO"). ELO was incorporated in France on 15 May 1961 for a term expiring on 15 June 2060. It is governed in 
particular in accordance with the provisions of the French Code de commerce and Code monétaire et financier. 
The corporate purposes of ELO, as defined in clause 3 of its articles of association dated 4 October 2021, is in 
particular to acquire shareholding interests in companies in order to carry out the following activities in any 
country: 
- 
retail trade of all items, in particular food, household articles and clothing; 
- 
wholesale trade of all items; 
- 
activity as forwarding agent and purchase agent; and 
- 
any commercial, industrial, financial or real estate transactions directly or indirectly relating to the main 
object of ELO, and easing such object. 
ELO may act either on its own behalf or on behalf of any third party as representative, broker or commission agent. 
2. 
Principal activities of ELO 
ELO is organized into three key autonomous companies in their core business. 
a. 
Retail Division (Auchan Retail) 
Present in 13 countries, Auchan Retail brings together all food retail formats (hypermarkets, supermarkets, 
convenience stores, drive-throughs, digital) with nearly 2,250 points of sale. Auchan Retail places its customers at 
the heart of all its strategies by offering them an omnichannel shopping experience, which combines physical 
stores with the digital ecosystem, and exclusive, quality products at the best price. A player in the good, healthy 
and local and committed to the planet, Auchan Retail enables its customers, its 160,407 employees, its agricultural 
and industrial partners and all its stakeholders to live better through a responsible approach to its retail business. 
b. 
Retail property management division (New Immo Holding) 
New Immo Holding is the new holding company for all real estate business lines. Its creation in 2021 confirms the 
separation of real estate assets and services, within two distinct entities in order to broaden its growth and 
development prospects. The first is Foncière Ceetrus, which owns a portfolio of real estate assets of nearly 300 
shopping centres located in 11 countries across Europe and Western Africa. 
The second is Nhood, a mixed use real estate operator acting through service provision mandates entrusted by real 
estate companies such as Foncière Ceetrus, Auchan Retail or other companies owning the AFM (Association 
Familiale Mulliez), to manage, animate, develop and transform existing sites into new living spaces with a triple 
positive impact. Nhood has 1,052 employees as of 31 December 2022. 
c. 
Banking division (Oney Bank) 
On 22 October 2019, ELO sold 50.1% of the share capital of Oney to BPCE, which has consolidated this entity 
since that date. Oney designs payment, financing and insurance solutions to give everyone the power to improve 
their daily lives and consume better. Creator of split payments 15 years ago, Oney is the leader in the BNPL market 
(Buy Now, Pay Later) in several European countries with an omnichannel offer that is unique on the market. 
Present in nearly 17,000 physical or virtual points of sale, Oney supports the projects of more than 7.2 million 
customers in Europe by offering them memorable in-store and online shopping experiences. 
3. 
Recent events particular to ELO 
Recent events particular to ELO are set out in details in the relevant sections of documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus (please refer to "Documents incorporated by reference" above and in particular 
to the lines "Information about the Issuer" of the cross-reference lists) and in "Recent Developments" below.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
4. 
Management of ELO  
a. 
Board of directors (Conseil d'administration) of ELO and principal occupation and business addresses:  
Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration): 
Barthélémy GUISLAIN 
Member and Chairman (Président du 
Conseil d'administration)  
40, avenue de Flandre, 59170 
Croix, France 
AUSSPAR S.C.A. 
Member, 
represented 
by 
Thierry 
FOSSEUX 
François PONCET 
Member 
Jérôme MULLIEZ 
Member 
Ludovic DECLERCQ 
Member 
Didier LEROY 
Member 
 
Other mandates in the Board of Directors: 
Jean-Louis CLAVEL 
Censor 
40, avenue de Flandre, 59170 
Croix, France 
 
General Management (Direction Générale): 
Antoine GROLIN 
Managing Director (Directeur Général) 
40, avenue de Flandre, 59170 
Croix, France 
Jean-Baptiste EMIN 
Deputy Managing Director (Directeur 
Général Délégué) 
 
Audit Committee: 
François PONCET 
Chairman 
40, avenue de Flandre, 59170 
Croix, France 
Jérôme MULLIEZ 
Member 
 
b. 
Outside Activities  
As of 28 December 2023, the outside activities of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'Administration) and General Management (Direction Générale) are as follows. 
Jérôme Mulliez 
Director 
Member of the audit and 
finance committee 
ELO 
France 
Manager 
ACANTHE 
France 
Manager 
CIMOFAT 
France 
Director 
 
GROUPE ADEO 
France

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Manager 
SOLIANCE SCA 
France 
General manager 
NEOCLAR SA 
France 
General manager 
ALLIED CARPETS 
Grande-Bretagne 
Director and President of 
the company 
HOLMET 
France 
Manager 
JERBLUEMOON 
France 
Manager 
JUBLUEMOON 
France 
Director 
LEROY MERLIN France 
France 
General manager 
SURSOPARFIL 
France 
Director and President of 
the company 
TEXO 
France 
Member and Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board 
VALMA 
France 
Manager 
VALOREST 
France 
Manager 
MALIKA 
France 
Member of the Finauju 
committee 
MOBILIS 
France 
Non-executive Director 
CLARIS BV 
Netherlands 
Director 
General Manager 
KACHGAR 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee  
SURBOLEM 
France 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
Member of the audit 
committee 
AUSTELL FINANCIERE 
Luxembourg 
Managing Director 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
SOPARCHAN 
Belgium 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
BIOPARTICIPATIONS 
Belgium 
Director 
MUTATIS 
Belgium

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Manager 
KUTTER-COMMANDITE 
Luxembourg 
Managing director 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
GREENLAND 
Belgium 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
Member of the audit 
committee 
FILUNOR 
Luxembourg 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
AUBUSSON HOLDING 
Luxembourg 
General manager 
CLARIS NV 
Netherlands 
Non-executive Director 
MAC MARKETING 
ADVERTISING 
CONSULTANTS BV 
Netherlands 
Non-executive Director 
WOELSEWAARD BV 
Netherlands 
Member of the strategic 
committee  
SURAMAC 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee  
SURFIPAR 
France 
Manager 
AUSTELL ASIA 
Singapour 
Manager 
FOURMY 
Singapour 
Manager 
BOOSTER4BUSINESS 
Singapour 
Manager 
JERBLUEMOON Ltd 
United kingdom 
Permanent Representative 
of AUSTELL 
FINANCIERE, itself 
Chairman 
SLI SAS 
France 
Permanent Representative 
of AUSTELL 
FINANCIERE, itself 
Chairman 
SVI SAS 
France 
Permanent Representative 
of AUSTELL 
FINANCIERE, itself 
Chairman 
SAMAUCHAN SAS 
France 
Manager 
JUBLUEMOON Ltd 
United kingdom

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Barthélémy GUISLAIN 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
ELO 
France 
President of the company 
Member and Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board 
Member of the 
Remuneration Committee 
MOBILIS 
France 
President of the company 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURAUMARCHE 
France 
President of the company 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURHOLKIA 
France 
President of the company 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURSOPARFIL 
France 
President of the company 
CLARIS France 
France 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee  
SURFIPAR 
France 
Manager and Chairman 
of the Management Board
ACANTHE 
France 
Manager and Chairman 
of the Management Board
CIMOFAT 
France 
Manager and Chairman 
of the Management Board
SOLIANCE 
France 
Manager and Member of 
the Supervisory Board 
Manager 
SOPARTHLON 
France 
Vice-Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
EURATECHNOLOGIES SA 
France 
Director 
HAINAUT MANAGEMENT 
CONSULTANT  
France 
Manager 
GUISLAINVERT 
France

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Manager and Chairman 
of the Management Board
VALOREST 
France 
Manager 
DE LA PORTE DE LYON 
France 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
KACHGAR 
France 
President of the company 
VIKTOR 
France 
President of the company 
HOLDINEA 
France 
President of the company 
NIKITA 
France 
Manager 
DE ROUBAIX SC 
France 
President of the company 
PALLUR 
France 
President of the company 
MOBILIS FAMILY OFFICE 
HOLDING 
France 
President of the company 
MOBILIZ'YOU 
France 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURESTAG 
France 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURLEBRICO 
France 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
SURTAPIMA 
France 
President of the company 
GUISLAIN ESTATE 
France 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
CLARIS NV 
Netherlands 
Didier LEROY 
Director 
ELO 
France 
Manager 
PADISOLEIL 
France 
Director 
TOYOTA MOTOR EUROPE 
Belgium 
President of the company 
D.L CONSEIL  
France 
Director 
TOYOTA TSUSHO 
CORPORATION 
Japan 
Director 
CFAO 
France 
François PONCET 
Director (compliance 
referent) 
ELO  
France

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Member and Chairman of 
the Finance committee 
Member and Chairman of 
the Audit Committee 
Director 
KLOPMAN 
INTERNATIONAL 
Italia 
Member of the 
operational committee 
MOBILIS 
France 
Ludovic DECLERCQ 
Director 
ELO 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee and President 
of the company 
 
SURAMAC 
 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee and President 
of the company 
SURTAPIMA 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SURHOLKIA 
France 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
 
SURCREHOL 
 
France 
Director 
HOLMET 
France 
Director 
TEXO 
France 
Director 
BUNSCHA 
INTERNATIONAL 
France 
Manager 
ACANTHE 
France 
Manager 
CIMOFAT 
France 
Manager 
SOLIANCE 
France 
Manager 
VALOREST 
France 
Manager 
SODEREC 
France 
Managing Director 
MELTING POINT 
France 
Managing Director 
ULTIMILE 
France 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
CLARIS NV 
 
Netherlands 
Jean-Baptiste EMIN 
Deputy General Manager 
ELO 
France

--- Page 94 ---
94 
President of the company 
FINEMCO 
France 
Antoine GROLIN 
General manager 
ELO 
France 
Manager 
SC LEPARDAF 
France 
Manager 
SARL LEPARD 
France 
Member of the Board 
HUIS 
France 
President 
NHOOD HOLDING (ex 
NEONEW) 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, itself 
President 
SAS HOLDING GP 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS HOLDING GP, 
itself President  
SAS GP'ACT 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, itself 
President 
SAS GROUPE PROJEX 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
SAS PROJEX 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
SAS DIAGOBAT 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
SAS AMEXIA 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS PROBIM 
France

--- Page 95 ---
95 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
SAS IMPERIUM 
France 
Permanent 
representative of SARL 
LEPARD, President of 
SAS GROUPE 
PROJEX, itself 
President 
SAS WATT&KA 
France 
Manager 
VALOREST 
France 
Manager 
ACANTHE 
France 
Manager 
CIMOFAT 
France 
 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
NODI 
France 
 
Managing Director 
Director and Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
NEW IMMO HOLDING 
France 
 
President 
NEOLAGE 
France 
 
Manager 
SOLIANCE 
France 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
VALMA 
France 
 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SURTAPIMA 
France 
 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SURSOPARFIL 
France 
 
President 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SORLEBRICO 
France 
 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SURCREHOL 
France

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Member of the strategic 
committee 
SURAUMARCHE 
France 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
EURATECHNOLOGIES 
France 
Jean-Louis CLAVEL  
Censor 
Member of the Finance 
Committee 
ELO 
France 
Thierry FOSSEUX 
Permanent 
representative of 
AUSSPAR, itself 
Director 
ELO 
France 
Permanent 
representative of 
AUSSPAR, itself 
Director of GMP.i 
GMP.i 
France 
Manager 
SCI THIPIEDOU 
France 
Permanent 
representative of 
AUSSPAR, itself 
Director 
GROUPE ADEO 
France 
Permanent 
representative of 
DAMBURG, itself 
Director of AUSREAL 
AUSREAL 
Luxembourg 
Permanent 
representative of 
AUSSPAR, itself 
Director 
DAMBURG 
Belgium 
Permanent 
representative of 
DAMBURG, itself 
Director of ASTRID 
MANAGEMENT 
ASTRID MANAGEMENT 
Belgium 
Permanent representative 
of AUSSPAR, itself 
Director of GMP.b 
GMP.b 
Belgium 
Permanent representative 
of AUSSPAR, itself 
Director 
SA AGAPES 
France

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
There is no known potential conflict of interests between any duties to ELO of the members of the Board of 
Directors or General Management and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
 
Permanent representative 
of DAMBURG, member 
of the supervisory board 
INVESTIR & + 
France 
Permanent representative 
of AUSSPAR, itself 
Director of AUCHAN 
RETAIL 
INTERNATIONAL 
AUCHAN RETAIL 
INTERNATIONAL 
France 
President 
AUSSPAR 
France

--- Page 98 ---
98 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
(i) 
Auchan Retail strengthens its positions in Africa by establishing a presence in Algeria 
Following on from Senegal and Ivory Coast, Auchan Retail continues its expansion in Africa. The 
company announced in May 2023 the implementation of a global partnership with the Great Way Group 
and the signature of an agreement in Algeria, where the Great Way Group is a major player in retail sector. 
An Auchan branded hypermarket with a 5,000 m² sales floor will thus open in Algiers before the end of 
2023. 
(ii) 
Proposed acquisition of Dia Group's operations in Portugal 
Auchan is supporting the consolidation of the Portuguese market and expanding its store network, with 
the purchase of the totality of the shares of DIA Portugal Supermercados S.A., which currently manages 
the operation of 489 Minipreço and Mais Perto brands convenience stores, as well as three warehouses in 
Portugal. Following this deal, announced in August 2023, the Auchan Portugal network will have the 
country's largest number of stores, bolstering its omnichannel offer (physical and digital). 
The transaction remains subject to standard conditions precedent and notably the approval from the 
Portuguese Competition Authority. 
(iii) 
Success of the inaugural sustainability-linked bond issue of EUR 750 million 
In September 2023, ELO successfully placed a fixed-rate bond for a total nominal amount of EUR 750 
million, with a coupon of 6% and a maturity of 5.5 years under its Programme. Based on the ELO 
Sustainable Finance Framework, it is indexed to its sustainable development objectives. 
The cash raised will be used for the Group's general corporate purposes. The sustainability-linked bonds 
issued have been listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(iv) 
New governance for the ELO Group 
On the recommendation of the Board of Directors, Antoine Grolin was appointed as Managing Director 
(Directeur Général) of the ELO Group in October 2023. He took over from Edgard Bonte, who had held 
this position since 2018 and decided to refocus on his other professional activities and pursue other missions 
on behalf of the Association Familiale Mulliez. 
Jean-Baptiste Emin, Deputy Managing Director (Directeur Général Délégué), was confirmed in his 
position. 
(v) 
Following the announcement on 1st September 2021 of the entry in exclusive negotiation between ELO and 
Indotek Group to accelerate the development of Auchan Retail and New Immo Holding in Hungary, ELO 
agreed to sell a 47% stake in Auchan Retail and 100% of the main activities of New Immo Holding in 
Hungary to its partner. Completion of the planned transaction is subject to approval by the competition 
authority. 
(vi) 
Les Mousquetaires and Auchan start discussions on a purchasing alliance 
On 5 December 2023, Les Mousquetaires and Auchan Retail announced that they had started discussions 
on the foundations of a long-term purchasing alliance aimed at capitalizing on the strengths and 
complementarities of the two groups. These discussions complement the existing Auxo alliance between 
Les Mousquetaires and Casino. 
The scope of the discussions includes, in particular, the negotiation of purchases of national brand consumer 
food products and the negotiation of purchases of non-food products. The aim of this project is to create 
France's leading central purchasing unit in order to best defend consumers' interests. 
(vii) 
Auchan Retail and Les Mousquetaires enter into exclusive negotiations with Casino with a view to 
acquiring Casino's supermarkets and hypermarkets in France. 
This operation, announced on 18 December 2023, represents a major opportunity for Auchan Retail France. 
It will contribute to the rebalancing of the competition in France, and allow the retailer to regain market 
share and consolidate its locations. 
(viii) The non-current consolidated financial debt of the Issuer, defined as the aggregate of "Bonds and private 
placements – non-current" ("Emprunts obligataires et placements privés – non-courants") and "Bank 
borrowings and other financial liabilities – non-current" ("Emprunts et dettes financières auprès des 
établissements de crédit – non-courants"), amounts to €4,767M as at 30 November 2023, against €4,013M

--- Page 99 ---
99 
as at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement entered into 
between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers on 28 December 2023 (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis to the Permanent 
Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time 
of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it unless otherwise agreed. ELO has agreed to reimburse the Dealers as agreed in the Dealer Agreement. 
ELO has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
the sales of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. Except as 
described in this section "Subscription and Sale" and unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, no 
person involved in the issue of Notes has an interest that may be material to such issue.  
Selling Restrictions 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme has represented and agreed, that it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and article L.411-2 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.  
This Base Prospectus, prepared in connection with the Notes to be issued under the Programme, has not been 
submitted to the clearance procedure of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers). 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"). Under U.S. regulations, the Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. federal income tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by 
the Fiscal Agent, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent 
to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering 
of such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without prior written consent of 
the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes in the 
United Kingdom other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Law"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and 
other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" shall be read and 
construed according to the definition given under Article 6.1(v) of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law. 
Republic of Italy  
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering 
of the Notes and no application has been or will be filed  with the  Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' 
Regulation"). Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered,  directly or indirectly, to the public  in the 
Republic of Italy  nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and by Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers' Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided 
under Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, and has not distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the 
Republic of Italy the Notes, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes except in the circumstances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Banking Act"), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the Notes in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident 
or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer, with reasonable prior opportunity given to the Dealers to 
comment any such modification in particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any 
such modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any

--- Page 103 ---
103 
jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking 
into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment, taking 
into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials") in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the "COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution, as amended [(the "Insurance Distribution Directive")], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
 
3  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023.  
4  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ELO 
[Brief description: amount, currency, type of Notes] 
Issued by ELO (the "Issuer") 
under the  
€6,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of ELO  
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 969500ASEC557H5A4F22 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 28 December 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated 
[respectively] [●]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the notes described herein (the "Notes") for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the websites of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer (https://groupe-
elo.com/finance/). [In addition5, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [at/on] [●]].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [2013] [2019] [2020] [2022] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference 
in the base prospectus dated 28 December 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [respectively] [●]] 
([together] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the notes described herein (the "Notes") for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
(including the [2013] [2019] [2020] [2022] EMTN Conditions incorporated by reference therein) in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites 
of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer (https://groupe-elo.com/finance/). [In 
addition6, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [at/on] [●]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of 
French law) and form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the (insert description of the relevant Series: 
amount, currency, type of Notes) (the "Existing Notes") as from 
the date of exchange which is expected to be on or around the date 
which is forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date (the 
"Assimilation Date")] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued interest at a rate of [●] 
per cent. of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period from, 
 
 
5  If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
6  If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
and including, the [Interest Commencement Date/ [●]] to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●]7(one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) (Not less 
than €100,000, or its equivalent in any other currency at the Issue 
Date) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date/ Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[[CPI/HICP] Inflation Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis8: 
[Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100 per cent. 
(100%) / [●] per cent. ([●]%)] of their Specified Denomination] 
[Inflation Linked Notes] 
[Instalment] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below in item 15 (Fixed to Floating 
Rate Note provisions)] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Put Change of Control Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
7  Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currency). 
8  If the Final Redemption Amount is different than one hundred per cent. (100%) of the nominal value, the Notes will constitute securities 
giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
requirements of Annex 17 to the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended (the "Prospectus Delegated Regulation") will apply. 
This form of Final Terms has been annotated to indicate where the key additional requirements of Annex 17 are dealt with. Where Annex 
17 is not applicable but income on the Notes is linked to an underlying, nevertheless consider including disclosure in relation to the 
underlying.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
12. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Dated Subordinated/ Undated Subordinated/ Unsubordinated 
Notes] 
(ii) Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
the Notes: 
 
 
Decision of Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of ELO 
dated [●] [and of [●] [function] dated [●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable to the Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date/ Applicable to the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-annually/ 
quarterly/ monthly/ [●]] in arrears] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year / [●] and [●] in each year / [●], [●], [●] and [●] 
in each year] up to and including the Maturity Date 
(To be amended, as the case may be)  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [●] (insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) to which they 
refer)] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]  
[Actual/365 - FBF] 
[Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 - FBF] 
[Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual - 
ICMA) 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable to the Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date/ Applicable to the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year / [●] and [●] in each year / [●], [●], [●] and [●] 
in each year] up to and including the Maturity Date 
(To be amended, as the case may be) 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[●] / [Interest Payment Date] 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant business day 
convention is not intended to affect the Interest Amount] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
FBF 
Determination/ 
ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Benchmark:  
[●] (specify Benchmark (additional information if necessary)) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
– Relevant Rate: 
[●] 
– Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
– Primary Source: 
[Screen Page / Reference Banks] 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– Screen Page (if Primary 
Source for Floating Rate 
Notes is "Screen Page"): 
 
 
[●] (Specify the relevant screen page) 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
for 
Floating Rate Notes is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
 
 
[●] (Specify four (4)) 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
 
[●] (Specify the financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark - specify if not Paris)

--- Page 110 ---
110 
– Representative Amount: 
[●] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to be given 
in respect of a transaction of a specified notional amount) 
– Effective Date: 
[●] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with effect from 
commencement of Interest Accrual Period)  
– Specified Duration: 
[●] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of Interest Accrual 
Period) 
– [€STR Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)
– [SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable): 
 
[●] (specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
– Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
 
[●] 
(xi) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
– Floating Rate Option 
(Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
[(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a Floating 
Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions))] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
– [Calculation Period: 
[●] 
– Fixing Day: 
[●] 
– Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
–  Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
‒ Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number is 
specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) days) / 
Not Applicable] 
‒  Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating 
Rate Option is an overnight rate)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
‒ OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
‒ Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
‒ Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]]  
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
‒ Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
‒ Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business 
Days: 
 
[●] 
‒ Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will be five 
(5)) 
‒ 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and the 
Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) / Not Applicable]] 
(xii) Adjusted Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/ 0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(Not Applicable may only be inserted when item 16(xii) is specified 
to be Applicable) 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]  
[Actual/365 - FBF]  
[Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 - FBF]  
[Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)]  
[30E/360]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
[Eurobond Basis]  
15. Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year / [●] and [●] in each year / [●], [●], [●] and [●] 
in each year] up to and including the Maturity Date 
(To be amended, as the case may be) 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(v) Interest Period Date: 
[●] / [Interest Payment Date] 
(vi) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant business day 
convention is not intended to affect the Interest Amount] 
(vii) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(viii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Fixed 
Rate] 
minus 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
FBF 
Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
(ix) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(x) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Benchmark:  
[●] (specify Benchmark (additional information if necessary)) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
– 
Relevant Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
– 
Primary Source: 
[Screen Page / Reference Banks] 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– 
Screen Page (if Primary 
Source for Floating Rate 
Notes is "Screen Page"): 
 
 
[●] (Specify the relevant screen page) 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source for Floating Rate

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Notes is "Reference 
Banks"): 
 
[●] (Specify four (4)) 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] (Specify the financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark - specify if not Paris) 
– 
Representative Amount: 
[●] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to be given 
in respect of a transaction of a specified notional amount) 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with effect from 
commencement of Interest Accrual Period)  
– 
Specified Duration: 
[●] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of Interest Accrual 
Period) 
– 
[€STR Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
– 
[SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
(xi) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable): 
 
[●] (specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
– Floating Rate 
Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
 
[●] 
(xii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate Option 
(Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of the first and/or last long or short interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates used 
for such determination) 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
– [Calculation Period 
[●] 
– Fixing Day: 
[●] 
– Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
–  Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
‒ Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number is 
specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) days) / 
Not Applicable] 
‒  Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
‒ OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
‒ Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
‒ Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
‒ Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
‒ Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business 
Days: 
[●] 
‒ Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will be 
five (5)) 
‒ 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and the 
Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) / Not Applicable]] 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]  
[Actual/365 - FBF]  
[Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 - FBF]  
[Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)]  
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis]  
(xvii) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual - 
ICMA) 
16. Fixed to Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date 
(excluded): 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes) as further described in line item 13 above / Condition 
5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) 
as further described in line item 14 above] 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date 
(included): 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes) as further described in line item 13 above / Condition 
5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) 
as further described in line item 14 above] 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
(vi) Minimum notice period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer: 
 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / Not Applicable] (in 
the case of Automatic Change of Interest Basis) 
17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 - FBF] 
[Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 - FBF] 
[Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
18. Inflation Linked Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) Party responsible for 
calculating the interest due 
(if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year / [●] and [●] in each year / [●], [●], [●] and [●] 
in each year] up to and including the Maturity Date 
(To be amended, as the case may be) 
(v) Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
(vi) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify 
date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(vii) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio 
[payable [annually/ semi-annually/ quarterly/ monthly/ [●]] in 
arrears] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 - FBF] 
[Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 - FBF] 
[Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) ] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(x) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0] / [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[[Not Applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum] 
19. Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
(Condition 5(g)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(i) 
Step-Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
KPI 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
KPI 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
SPT 1: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
- 
SPT 2: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
- 
Target Observation 
Date: 
 
[Target Observation Date for SPT 1: [●]] 
[Target Observation Date for SPT 2: [●]] 
- 
External Verifier: 
[●] 
- 
Baseline Date(s): 
[●] in respect of [specify the relevant Key Performance Indicator 
if more than one are included] 
[[●] in respect of [●]] 
- 
Full Step-Up Margin 
Adjustment: 
[[●] per cent. [per annum] with respect to the Target Observation 
Date falling on [●]]/[Not applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Target Observation Date) 
- 
Intermediate Step-Up 
Margin Adjustment: 
[[●] per cent. [per annum] with respect to the Target Observation 
Date falling on [●]]/[Not applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Target Observation Date) 
- 
Interest Step-Up Date: 
Interest Payment Date falling on [●]  
(ii) Premium Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
- 
KPI 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
KPI 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
SPT 1: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
- 
SPT 2: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
- 
Target Observation 
Date: 
 
[SPT 1: [●]] 
[SPT 2: [●]] 
- 
External Verifier: 
[●] 
- 
Baseline Date(s): 
[●] in respect of [specify the relevant Key Performance Indicator 
if more than one are included] 
[[●] in respect of [●]] 
- 
Full Premium 
Payment Amount: 
 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[Not applicable] 
- 
Intermediate Premium 
Payment Amount: 
 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Notice Period: 
[As per Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Exercise of Issuer's Options)/ [●]] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
(iii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/ Not Applicable] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/ Not Applicable] 
21. Make-Whole Redemption 
Option (Condition 6(d)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Notice Period: 
[As per Condition 6(d) (Make-Whole Redemption Option)/[●]] 
(ii) Other parties to be notified 
(if other than set out in 
Condition 6(d) (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option)): 
 
 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify name(s) and address(es)) 
(iii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iv) Reference Screen Rate: 
[[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
 
[●] per annum 
(vi) Reference Dealers: 
[(Specify four (4))/ As selected by the Quotation Agent] 
(vii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/ Not Applicable] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/ Not Applicable] 
22. Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Call Option Date:  
[●] (No earlier than six (6) months before the Maturity Date) 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
23. Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
24. Acquisition Event Call Option

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(Condition 6(g)): 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Event Limit 
Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Targeted Company: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Redemption in whole only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
   
(a) Minimum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/Not Applicable] 
 
   
(b) Maximum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/Not Applicable] 
25. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Notice Period: 
[As per Condition 6(j)/[●]] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
(iii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
26. Put Change of Control Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
27. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note9: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
28. Inflation Linked Notes - 
Provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(k) applies/[●] per Specified Denomination] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify 
date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
(v) Party responsible for 
calculating the Final 
 
 
 
9  Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
29. Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Instalment Amount(s) in 
respect of each Note: 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
30. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons, for illegality, 
or on event of default or other 
early redemption10: 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
to be increased with any 
accrued interest to the date 
set 
for 
redemption 
(Condition 6(m)): 
 
 
 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) Redemption on a date other 
than an Interest Payment 
Date (Condition 6(m)(ii)): 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
31. Inflation Linked Notes - 
Provisions relating to the Early 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(l)(ii) applies/[●] per Specified Denomination] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify 
date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
(v) Party responsible for 
calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
32. Purchases (Condition 6(n)): 
The Notes purchased by the Issuer [may be held and resold or 
cancelled/shall be cancelled] as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes 
are only in bearer form (au porteur)) (Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
10  Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/ In bearer form (au porteur)/ In registered form 
(au nominatif)] 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable (if applicable give name and 
address)] (Note that a Registration Agent can be appointed in 
relation to fully registered (au nominatif pur) Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
(iii) Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
 
[Not Applicable/ Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
34. Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the dates of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount to which subparagraphs 13(ii) and 14(ii) relate) 
35. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/ Not Applicable. (If yes, give details)] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes). 
36. Masse (Condition 11): 
 
(i) 
Initial Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
of 
the 
Representative: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if applicable, specify the amount) 
GENERAL 
 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [●] per cent. 
producing a sum of: 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source(s)]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading in any material respect.] 
Signed on behalf of ELO: 
Duly represented by: 
............................................

--- Page 122 ---
122 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[The official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify 
other relevant regulated market and also any third country market, 
SME growth market or multilateral trading facility]] with effect from 
[●]] / [Not Applicable]] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/ is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify other relevant 
regulated market and also any third country market, SME growth 
market or multilateral trading facility]] with effect from [●]./ Not 
Applicable.] 
(when documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that Existing 
Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to listing and 
admission to trading: 
 
 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
(and as the case may be) 
[[●]: [●]] 
[[●] / [Each of the above rating agencies] is established in the 
[European Union / United Kingdom], registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended [(the 
"CRA Regulation")] [as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")] and included in the list of [registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
/ credit rating agencies published on the website of the Financial 
Conduct Authority (https://register.fca.org.uk) in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.].] 
[[[●] / [None of the above rating agencies] is [not] established in the 
[European Union / United Kingdom] and has [not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended [(the "CRA Regulation")] [as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] [but [[●] / [each of the above 
agencies]] is certified under the [CRA / UK CRA Regulation] / but 
the rating[s] given by [[●] / [each of the above agencies]] [has been 
/ will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the [CRA Regulation / 
UK CRA Regulation]. 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[●] / [each of the above agencies]] 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]. 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider, e.g.: 
"According to S&P's rating system, a Note rated "BBB" exhibits 
adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic

--- Page 123 ---
123 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the 
Issuer's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the Note. The 
addition of plusses and minuses provides further distinctions within 
the ratings categories.") 
[The Notes have not been rated] 
3. 
OTHER 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
 
 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict 
of interest, that is material to the issue of the Notes, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: "Save as discussed in 
"Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer") 
4. 
OTHER ADVISORS 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a 
declaration which specifies the capacity in which the advisors 
have acted.) 
5. 
USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[[●]/[General 
Corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green]/[Social] Notes and the net proceeds will be used to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, one or more Eligible 
[Green]/[Social] Projects as further described in the ELO 
Sustainable Finance Framework available on the Issuer's website 
(https://groupe-elo.com/dette-et-rating/).]] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, they will need to be included here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
6. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of this 
paragraph) 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] per annum 
7. 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only 
– 
BENCHMARK 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Benchmark11: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [EURIBOR / €STR / CMS / SONIA / TEC10 / other] which is 
provided by [the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") / 
the European Central Bank ("ECB") / ICE Benchmark 
 
 
11 Required only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Administration Limited ("ICE") / the Bank of England ("BOE") / 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire or "CNO") / other]. [As at [●], [EMMI / ECB / ICE / 
BOE / CNO / other] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[ECB / BOE / other] 
is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation / the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [ICE / CNO / 
other] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration].] 
8. 
Inflation Linked Notes only – 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX 
AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
UNDERLYING12 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Name of underlying index:  
[●] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, 
its volatility and past and 
future performance can be 
obtained: 
 
 
 
[●] 
The Issuer [[intends to provide post-issuance information [specify 
what information will be reported and where it can be obtained]] 
/ [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]. 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream: 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/ give name(s), number(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/ free of] payment 
Name and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/ give name(s) and address(es)]] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
12  Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the 
Prospectus Delegated Regulation applies.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/ Non-Syndicated] 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/ specify names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/ specify names] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/ specify names] 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA rules 
Not Applicable  
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes)

--- Page 126 ---
126 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) Application has been made to the CSSF, as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, for approval of the Base Prospectus. 
(2) The LEI code (Legal Entity Identifier) of ELO is 969500ASEC557H5A4F22. 
(3) ELO has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic 
of France in connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by ELO under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, 
requires the prior authorisation of (i) the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of ELO, which may 
delegate its powers to any person; or (ii) the Ordinary General Meeting of ELO's shareholders if (a) the statuts 
of ELO so require (at the date hereof the statuts of ELO do not require a resolution of the Ordinary General 
Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an Ordinary General Meeting decide to authorise an issue of obligations, 
all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce. Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such 
Notes do not constitute obligations, will fall within the general powers of the Managing Director (Directeur 
Général). 
ELO will, by the Issue Date in respect of the issue of any Notes, have obtained all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in connection with the issue and performance of its 
obligations under the Notes. The applicable authorisations and delegations will be mentioned in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(4) Except as disclosed under section "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 33 of this Base Prospectus and section 
"Recent Developments" on page 98 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance or financial position of ELO or of the ELO Group since 30 June 2023. 
(5) Except as disclosed under section "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 33 of this Base Prospectus, section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" on pages 34 to 38 of this Base Prospectus and section "Recent 
Developments" on page 98 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of ELO since 31 December 2022. 
(6) Neither ELO nor any of its Subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which ELO is aware), 
during a period covering the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of either ELO or ELO Group. 
(7) There are no material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of ELO's business, which could result 
in any member of ELO Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to ELO's ability to 
meet its obligations to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
(8) Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la 
Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and 
Clearstream (42, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(9) The website of ELO is https://groupe-elo.com/finance/. The information on https://groupe-elo.com/finance/, 
and on any other websites specified in this Base Prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
(10) So long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available, free of charge (i) during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and (ii) on the 
Issuer's website (https://groupe-elo.com/finance/), it being specified that this Base Prospectus and the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be so available for at least ten years from 
the date of their publication in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation: 
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) the published annual report and consolidated accounts of the Issuer (in French and in English) for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 and the 
published half year financial report and consolidated accounts of the Issuer (in French and in English) 
for the financial half year ended on 30 June 2023; 
(iii) the ELO Sustainable Finance Framework and related Second Party Opinion;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(iv) the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other 
Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(iv) a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
(11) For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other 
Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
(12) Copies of the latest annual report and annual non-consolidated and consolidated accounts of ELO (in 
French and, where available, in English) (in each case as soon as they are published) will be available (i) 
during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and (ii) on the Issuer's website 
(https://groupe-elo.com/finance/). 
(13) KPMG Audit, Department of KPMG SA, at Tour Eqho, 2 avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex, 
France and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit at 63 rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, 
respectively (both entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised 
as Commissaires aux comptes), have audited and rendered audit reports on the consolidated financial 
statements of ELO for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and have reviewed and 
rendered a review report on the condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements of ELO for the 
financial half year ended on 30 June 2023, each prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union. 
(14) In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 
sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(15) The Dealers and their respective affiliates may have been engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer 
and/or the Dealers, as applicable and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, in this paragraph the term "affiliates" 
includes also parent companies. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as calculation agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the calculation agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a calculation agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(16) In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the lawful currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999; references to "£", "pounds 
sterling", "GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; references to "$", "USD" 
and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; references to "¥", "JPY", 
"Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss francs" 
are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
(17) Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, CMS Rate 
and TEC10 which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") (with respect to 
EURIBOR), the European Central Bank ("ECB") (with respect to €STR), ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited ("ICE") (with respect to CMS Rate), the Bank of England ("BoE") (with respect to SONIA) and the 
Comité de Normalisation Obligataire ("CNO") (with respect to TEC10), or any other reference rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Benchmark"), in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes bearing floating rates 
of interest will specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether such 
Benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of ELO, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
ELO 
40, avenue de Flandre 
59170 Croix 
 
Duly represented by:
Jean-Baptiste Emin 
Deputy Managing Director (Directeur Général Délégué)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
ISSUER 
ELO 
40, avenue de Flandre 
59170 Croix 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
PERMANENT DEALERS
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander - Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 70 
60486 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
24 Avenue Marnix B-1000  
Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 81925  
Munich 
Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France

--- Page 131 ---
131 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS AUDIT 
Represented by Mr François JAUMAIN 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
KPMG S.A. 
Represented by Mrs. Caroline Bruno Diaz 
Tour Eqho 
2, Avenue Gambetta 
92066 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT  
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin  
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France  
 
QUOTATION AGENT 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg